This book has catapulted itself to my top five read recommendations to all of my friends.<br/>I read this book in a day because it was so dang awesome, I couldn't put it down.<br/>You know those books that you read where halfway through you realize that you haven't stopped smiling since Chapter 1? That is Roommates!<br/>It was clever, funny, witty, deep, feeling, sexy, and everything I look for in a great book.<br/>You have a man-whore, cocky hockey player...and a cool and down-to-earth wholesome girl who's chemistry is off the freaking charts!<br/>All the characters are lovable and fun and flawed in a way that you totally understand and believe.<br/>The cover is light and frothy and intriguing and that's totally what this book is. But the character development and the story ARC are so spot on that it becomes an all-consuming MUST read.<br/>Highly recommend this book and I am SO excited to see that Sami & Mattie are getting a story.<br/>Erin Leigh...Tara Brown.......meet your next stalker girl crush.....me. ;)
My favorite part of this book is the pure romantic possibilities -- there isn't some crazy huge secret or lie or skeleton in the closet. It is just two people who think they know what they want, find out its different, and work their tails off to keep the happiness in their life. I like that we dont have a dramatic, tear jerking break up of horribleness and the entire time in the book I just kept expecting one -- so man was it refreshing when it didnt happen!
As a struggling writer myself....I believe in the importance of reviews.  I think that all writers want and hope that their work is received well.  Feedback good or bad should always be welcome.  That said, I hate the idea of leaving anything less than a great review.<br/><br/>This is the first book that I've read by this author.  Its a very easy read, and I will not rule out reading future works by Ms. Leigh.  With that there were just a few things that felt missing to me in this book.  **Possible spoilers** I am the mother of an only child so I understand being overprotective.  But when your child is 23 years old is telling them "No they can't move into the city and live with their best friend" really an option any longer?  Secondly the best friend - Sami comes across as sort of Paris Hilton / Nicole Ritchie type.  A famous rich girl who as you read seems to be famous just because she comes from money.  While I don't have a problem with that type of character, what I don't understand is how everyone knew that Sami and Natalie (h) were best friends.  There is no real mention of how it become such public knowledge.  But when the h starts a new job in a new city - everyone at her place of business is fully aware of who her best friend is.<br/>  As for the H Brady I really wanted to like him, but his sexual antics were a bit annoying.  I struggle with a romance where the leading H is having sex with partners outside of h.  In this case Brady does at least twice.  His expression of giving his girls "the Clinto" became annoying after the first time.<br/>  So while I was able to finish this book cover to cover there were a few holes in it for me.
I first fell in love with Tara Brown's writing after reading The Lonely, that lady sure knows how to write a book to totally screw with your mind. But I must say, she can also write a really fabulous fun and flirty RomCom. After reading My Side and then The Long Way Home, I was excited to read this new one and must say I was not disappointed.<br/><br/>Brady is the typical hockey player/ man whore but you truly couldn't help but fall in love with him right from the start. He was a man whore but he totally owned it. Brady and Nat are totally set up by their best friends, Brady thinks he is moving in with Nate, a computer nerd and Nat things she is moving in with some girl named BJ. It isn't until they arrive at the apartment that they realize what their best friends have done. They accept it and decide to give it a try but soon they realize there is much more between them than just friendship.<br/><br/>I really loved both these characters and I loved the banter the author had going on between these two, I found myself giggling at them many times. Right from the moment I met both of the characters I knew they needed to get together and I loved how story line of their relationship played out. I loved how it was gradual but at the same time it didn't drag on, and I enjoyed how things progressed once things did happen but it didn't feel insta-love. And I must add that I love how them finally coming together played out, it was a nice refreshing change for once to have it happen that way, it wasn't the same old same old predictable story line.<br/><br/>Once again Tara Brown (AKA Erin Leigh for this book) has not disappointed me, she's give me a great hot hockey hunk with some great hockey action but also gave me a great fun and flirty with a few bits of some hot and sexy (with a side of dirty). And I must say I am so excited to find out that this isn't the end, we are going to get Sami and Matt's story, the ones who started it all for Brady and Nat, hoping we will get to see more of them too.
Everything you would expect from a romance and more. It was a read hard to put down. This was my first book by Erin Leigh and I'm going to look for more. Anyone young or old who loves a good romance with a little spice thrown in will love this.
Brady isn't one for pretty words, but he's for hot, panty melting ones,  "he shoves me back into the room playfully. “You wanna eff?” He laughs and nods. “I have been wanting to eff you from the moment I met you.” He drags his shirt off, grabbing my sweater and pulling it off." Brady he was entertaining,  “I was drying humping you in my sleep, and I woke up and—yeah.” I liked this book the characters were lovable.
What a incredible read !!!<br/><br/>I will admit I was hesitate to read this after previewing the first chapter. It was a little rough and the writing seemed a little scatter brained with some word ramblings but once I got the around the third chapter I was all game.<br/><br/>I LOVED Natalie's character. Sweet, smart, funny, sassy, snarky and a kick ass gamer I couldn't get enough of her. Her character was very well written and developed. Brady ... who could resist a character like Brady? Hunky and raw with bunt honesty. Together this two make a great story.<br/><br/>By far my favorite in book relationship was between Nat and Sammi. Their friendship was so epic !!! They have the kind of relationship real life readers wish to have !!! I loved their intense dynamic. Sammi the spoiled rich socialite with a heart of gold for the simple middle class nerd. An odd combo but a perfect match.<br/><br/>All around this was a great novel. Fantastic writing, a deep and well developed story plot, believable and realistic characters, steamy sex scenes, witty dialogue and a "take chance" love that was written beautifully. 4 stars !!! I hope this story continues as a series and I'll defiantly be picking up more works from this author.
Nat and Brady end up room mates due to being tricked by their best friends.  They each think the other is Nate, a guy, and BJ, a girl.<br/>Nat has grown up under her mother's thumb.  Being manipulated to do as she is told in order to promote her family's introduction into the rich and famous crowd.<br/>Brady was raised by his mom after his father's early death.  She and his brother gave up everything in order for him to have a shot at the hockey big leagues.<br/>Brady is a huge man-ho.  He will have sex with anyone, anywhere, including the team nurse who is old enough to be his mom.  Nat has no time for a guy like him, she also has a boyfriend (who is as big of a skeeve).  But after spending time living together they find themselves drawn to each other.<br/>Brady even drops his lifestyle, even if his PF's haunt every inch of Nat's life.  Their story once they got together was sweet.
I read a lot of books of the genre and have never been compelled to write a review before. I adored this novel from start to finish. It was light and easy. The conversations were spot on. Great character development. I was sad when it ended.
Roommates is a delightful, funny new adult hockey romance told from the POV of Natalie and Brady.<br/><br/>Natalie is 22 moving out on her own for the first time. She lived with her parents during college to save money. Out on her own and away from her mother’s control, she is learning what she really wants out of life.<br/><br/>Brady is a swoon worthy. He starts out a manwhore. He even has his own signature move. As the story goes on, you see this new side to Brady. He’s kind and loving. He’s protective and fierce. He’s a good friend and hard worker.<br/><br/>The story is downright funny causing me to laugh out loud. Some of the scenes left me in tears. There is also plenty of sexy time in this book. The scenes are hot. Not suited for readers under 18.<br/><br/>If you are looking for a fun sexy read that not serious, this book is it.
From the moment I started reading this book I loved it! It even brought me to tears a couple of times. Please tell me there will be a book 2 about Sami?
I like the story telling. I like their funny thoughts. Nothing overly complicated about this book. And these 3 paragraphs summarize the book so well for me.<br/><br/>Churcy head-case virgin and a roommate. Sleeping with one's roommate makes insta-wife. And no one wants that.<br/><br/>"What the eff, dude? You hook me up with this roommate who's hot as a Victoria's Secret model, and yet she's got a boyfriend. Is this some kind of hazing before New York will even look at me? Is blueballs and a bad attitude part of what you all are looking for?"<br/><br/>"I don't need a second chance. You're the first time I've ever wanted a chance at all, let alone a second one."<br/><br/>Natalie Banks was so funny. Witty. Sexy. And Brady Coldwell. So nice and friendly. Nice touch on Hockey.
I really liked this one. The story line (not dramatic, thank you Lord) and both main caracters. I really, really liked BJ! *swoon*
I read this book off a recommendation from a reading club on Facebook and I didn't really know what I was getting into.<br/><br/>The story was great and the romance was real.  The only thing I can say was bad about this book was that it didn't have a beginning, middle and end. I felt like there was all this build up and something was going to happen but then it just ended. Like all this time was spent on the story and it was so great and I was feeling the characters and then the author wanted to get it done so it was wrapped up in 2 pages. Nothing was really resolved and none of the subplot was mentioned towards the end.<br/><br/>It just kind of missed that 5 star rating just from that.
I have to say lately I have read several hockey player books. I found this book when I got another sport story book. I read the description and downloaded immediately. Brady and Natalie are put together as room mates by their best friends. Natalie already has a boyfriend and Brady is a player through and through. They are attracted to each other but are trying to ignore it. Brady's team mates keeps telling him that he is screwed living with Nat. Grab this book and enjoy the story.
Who doesn't love a hot hockey player. BJ's working his way up to NHL and needed a roommate.  Nat just got her dream job and needs a roommate.  When friends step in and set them up to live together neithers happy about living with the opposite sex but neither is willing to move out. So what happens when Xbox turns into foreplay. A great book by a first time author is what happens.  If this is what Renee Kennedy comes up with for her first book I can't wait for the second.
I was gifted a copy of this by the lovely author herself.<br/><br/>I found it to be very sweet and read very well.<br/>There are a few grammatical and word missing errors here and there, but nothing a good edit won't fix.<br/><br/>I found myself smiling and having a great time reading this, and am kinda sad that it's over.<br/>The characters are relatable and you want to know more.<br/><br/>So if you want a sweet feel good light read, this one is for you.<br/>:)
It's a fun book to read. What I like is there is not a lot of drama and angst. Both main characters just like each other and fell in love. No secrets to reveal and just sweet. The reason I gave it a 3.5 star rating is because I would have wanted more on how the story ends. Towards the end, it was becoming predictable. And I thought the ending was a bit short. But overall, I'm glad I got to experience this book from this author. It's my first.
I really enjoyed this story from the very first page. The storyline was captivating and exceptionally well written and I enjoyed the characters so much.<br/>I think the author developed a very good romance story along with a great sports story also. I look forward to reading more from this author as I feel she writes interesting and wonderful romance stories. Definitely a five star rating for this book.
Odd pairing but so apt. I actually cringed a few times at BJ and his antics, but that's kinda the point. Overall, I read it without setting it down because I had to know. I was far more impressed at the restraint of the author than I thought I would be - there is a HEA, but it's well paced and not willynilly or abrupt. I would read it again. In fact...
I loved this story. Seriously. I picked it up because I read through the "Look Inside" on the book's Amazon Kindle page, and got hooked. I initially found it interesting because of the cover. I love hockey. This book didn't disappoint, except for the fact that I didn't want it to end! I'll be keeping an eye out for more books by the author!
Romantic comedy with many of the typical elements, and ultimate conclusion.  But, the dialogues and scenarios are quirkily funny and  surprisingly real. So when "Mama's good girl" meets  "man-whore" hockey jock and both find true love, you just have to smile.  All the stuff in between is offbeat and surprisingly witty.  A fun, light read.
I read about a book a day, sometimes more if the pages are few.  I have come to understand the book is only as interesting as the main characters.  Even if I like one of the stories an author writes, she may throw in a book with uninteresting characters and I quit reading. I would read this again and totally love both BJ and Nate ;).
Great story line.  I liked how the main characters gradually started realizing that they had feelings for each other.  It seemed more natural than other books with similar themes.  The book is hilarious!  The best part was in the beginning when Nat and Brady were getting to know one anger and setting up rules.  It was very imaginative.  I highly recommend this book.
This book was seriously so good. The story was very well written. I could not put it down. I would say, that there were some cliches used, like the best friend with the perfect life and out rageous parental expectations. But even with said cliches, I whole heartedly enjoyed this book. I would definitely recommend it.
This was a really cute book with characters that had depth. No simpering females or ridiculous uber-alphas, just people who felt real, with good writing that really took you along for the ride. I loved the dialog between the characters and their growth throughout the story. Every woman deserves a post-PF Brady!
I enjoyed this book The mix up that ended up being the best thing for Nat and Bj they began a friendship which became something you dream about beautiful journey great supporting characters Nat's mum was tough but came around eventually I loved Sammi and would love to read her and Matt's story 4 epic stars!!!!
I was given a copy of Roommates for my honest review. I give this book 5 stars. It was the perfect romance. i loved this book and didn't want it to end. i loved the relationships and the friendships in this story. Some parts were hilarious i couldn't help but to laugh. it was a wonderful and fun read
He's a hot hockey player that sleeps with everyone!!<br/>She's a sweet beautiful graphic designer that lives in the shadow of all rich and famous people in her life!!<br/>They get tricked into being roommates and soon become friends with some serious sexual tension and then so much more
I agree with many of the other reviewers, the storyline was great. She really is a great author. I love that this was realistic, and no angst or under cover secret.<br/>I wish there was more story development but it was still a cute fun read. I would recommend reading it for the price!
What an awesome read.  Two people trying to meet their life goals and stay focused are forced upon one another.  They know they shouldn't but the forces can't keep them apart. In the end does love conquer all?  Loves this book.  Definitely going to look for more by this author.
Really good, no unnecessary drama, which is actually quite refreshing, I kept waiting for everything to crumble down and it never came. I needed something like this.  It's sexual but not the way you're thinking, I really enjoyed this book, it's a feel-good-through-it-all one.
Let's just say I would have no issues letting Brody Clinton me. He is smoking hot!! And being a hockey player makes me swoon. I loved everything about this book, especially Nat. She is so relatable and hilarious! This book had me wanting more and I was literally upset when it ended.
A beautiful easy read book about a girl, Nat, who moves in to a apartment with a roommate she's never met before. BJ, the roommate is a hot hockey player, who thought Nat was a boy. They connect as friends, and.. you have to read the book to see what happens. Happy reading.
Hunky hockey players... What more could a girl ask for?  Ok, so it's a steamy romance novel, but the author knows how to write!  The sex scenes are very explicit but very well-written.  And, the characters are very likable and the story is fun.  I definitely recommend!
Love Brady and Nat. I am sitting here with a smile on my face. What a great read. The characters were very personable. I can't tell you how many times I laughed put loud due to the situation or witty dialogue. I didn't want it to end. Please write Sami's story next.
I've never actually read a sports romance before and I didn't think I'd like it but this was awesome.  I stayed up way too late reading because I just couldn't put it down.  I had an instant kinship with Nat as a fellow book cover artist and gamer ;)
I pretty much love everything about this book. The premise of roommates, the nerdy girl living in the shadows, the hot and talented hockey star. There were some bits that were a little too cheesy, but it IS romance. I'm in love with Nate-Dog and BJ.
A  fun book to read .  I was a little worried about the language in places , but I skipped some of the word s  and concentrated more on the story.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a book about life ,especially in today's world.
The fact Erin Leigh (Tara Brown) was able to put two opposites together and yet have them each be still down to earth so that readers can love with them is a testament to how great of a writer she is! The characters are a great combo of witty and sexy, leaving you laughing one minute and swooning the next.<br/><br/>  Deciding to move out on her own, twenty two year old, Natalie 'Nat' Banks, can't wait to begin her new job and life away from her overprotective parents. After settling in she finds that the roommate she was setup to have via her best friend Sami isn't actually a girl named BJ, but is a rising hockey player named Brady "BJ" Coldwell. Now Brady too is shocked to find his roommate is not a nerdy tech guy, but is a hot woman he knows would be a bad idea to hook up with. The problem for Brady is the more he gets to know Nat the more he finds he likes her and not just in a quickie sort of way. The attraction for both of them is obvious but their living situation makes them think things through. Especially when Brady is known for being a manwhore no dating kind of guy and Nat is dating her on and off again very wealthy boyfriend her mother insist is her future husband. With all of Nat and Brady's baggage, they realize if they start something their statuses as of roommate may not last.<br/><br/>  Overall, Loved It! Ugh Erin Leigh seriously too funny! I absolutely LOVE Nat she is like my heroine, she owned her life and made it what she wanted despite all the crap that came, including the fact she can't cook (which is totally me, I'm the one who over boils water). Sami and Nat's friendship is to die for, the way they act is basically me and my friends minus the drinks and cash, cause we broke. Anyways, Brady too is a hot catch the way Erin wrote him, he's a passionate athlete, who can cook and bake, score ladies right there! Now as for Brady and Nat, they were just too cute and sexy as a couple, and their relationship progressed in a really comfortable way. Which made me happy because I feared we'd have that whole drama just for the sake of drama towards the end for that dramatic breakup-ish moment, but instead the end was completed in a nice way, I want more not gonna lie. Truthfully, I want a Sami and Matt book now, it'd definitely give readers a chance to see more of Brady and Nat in the future. So if you are into stories where a girl is just herself working and living life and happens to share an apartment with a hot guy that she nabs despite himself not wanting to be nabbed, than this book is totally worth a read.<br/><br/>**I received a free copy in return for an honest review**<br/><br/>------Read more of my reviews at: http://heyitwasfree.blogspot.com/------
I didn't think that I would love this book...Roommates falling for each other feels super cliche to me...That being said...I love how different BJ and Nate-Dog are...I also love how they help each other to be better versions of themselves
This was good I have come to expect this crazy, funny and pure love in Erin Leigh's books. The only thing that bothered me is how short this one was. The end almost felt rushed. I would totally love a second book for these two
"Roommates" is a book for people who want to escape from reality and want to go to the cute, pinkish world of romance. It welcomes you in and then it lets you go out of this world only after you read the last word.
Pretty good read. They're were a few parts that could have been better, but over all, it was great. I love that Brady was a hockey player, which made the story more interesting. I would definitely recommend this book!
What a fun read! I loved the banter, the swoony moments and the hot hockey hunks. <<dig that alliteration? Heck yes! I loved the book. If you like contemporary romance or romantic comedy...this is for you!
Totally enjoyed this book. Good sexual tension and sex scenes. Everyone loves a bad boy right!? My only complaint is the ending. Very abrupt and totally what I wanted to happen but I expected a little more fight.
This is just one of those feel good romance books. It's simple, the story is two people falling in love and their journey together. This is the first book I've read from this author but I can't wait to read more!
I really enjoyed this book. It was a hockey romance, but don't worry if you are not a hockey fan, there isn't too much of the game aspect. More focusing on the guys and the reputation of sports celebrities.
“The only reason I never said it sooner was because you said it, and I didn't want you to think I was saying it back to you. I’m not. I’m saying it because it’s how I feel for the first time in my life.”
No loner for Brady. I was laughing in the beginning of this story. I really enjoyed it but towards the end of the book, it lost it's luster. It wasn't as funny and witty. Overall, I did enjoy it.
I enjoyed the simplicity & intrigue of the characters. This book won't blow your mind with any shocking cliffhangers or lot twists...but it was the perfect companion for my poolside vacation.
This book was really good.  It was like a breath of fresh air.  It was sweet and sexy and of course hilarious..even the secondary character's were aweome.  I would definitely recommend it
This is the first book I've read by this author but it won't be my last. Great story, great characters and it moved at a good pace.<br/>Is like a Brady of my own truth be told. Lol
Sweet and easy read <3 loved BJ with his commitment and tenderness. A real feel good novel! I like the way it was shifting from nat to BJ often so I heard both sides of the story
I enjoyed this book. It had a bit of everything....hot guy, cool girl, cuteness, no drama (well some), funny banter, annoying ex's, and so on!! A quick 'in between books read'!!!
Nothing great about this book. But it was good. I liked the story and it was a quick read. Likable characters but very superficial. I'd like to see more depth and personality.
I am a fan. I love every last book by AE Watson or Tara Brown. She never disappoints and this book is  no different.  Cute, fun, sexy story that I couldn't put down. Loved it.
This book made me laugh, swoon and cry happy tears, like none I've ever read. Brady is incredibly sweet. Both are strong characters and their story is so sweet and believable.
Omg I'm a sucker when it comes to college romance and hockey. This book was amazing. BJ and Nate. The perfect combination. I would have liked a longer epilogue. *Hint *Hint*
Manwhore meets doormat...adorable romance that proves that the same dry toast every day can be amazing.  Unexpected roommates turn to friends and so much more. Total fluff.
This book was very good. I'm awful at reviews mainly because I am to distracted by the going ons around me. But if you want a book that you can sit and get into read this.
I loved this!  I am a huge Tara fan and this book was a home run ( or going with the theme hat trick). Great characters, funny dialog and steamy I'm he right places. ❤️❤️
Fun, light read. Pretty predictable but a good weekend-at-the-beach type read. I like a feel good story every now and then between some of the darker stuff I pick up.
This is such a fun book! I do love a good man-whore and I was so glad that Brady wasn't a d-bag about it. The banter between him and Nat is great, it made me giggle.
Easy to read. Author makes you fall in love with the characters while they're busy falling in love themselves. It's cute, fun and lovable all at once. Good read!
A fun, sweet read with some drama thrown in. I laughed, shook my head in some parts, got mad at the dick of a mother, swooned and just fell in love. A great read
I liked this whole book. I thought it was cute and funny and sweet and I LOVE hockey, so it all worked for me!! It was tied up in a little bow and made me happy.
I love how there's a little conflict but also a lot of romance and the end of the book... I almost died! Plus. There's hockey in the book and jockeys awesome!
Sweet story! I love that these two never breakup and make up they just work through their issues and put trust in each other and rely on love! Good read!
First book I read by author and loved it couldn't put it down. Liked how it was from two POV. I didn't want Nat and Brady's story to end. I want more!!!
I truly loved this book. I can't write a review without giving away the story so I'll just stick to it involves hockey,  and red shoes ;-)
Read it in just a few hours. Once I started reading, I couldn't stop. I loved the story, the characters and not once found myself annoyed.
I wish this story didn't end. It was THAT good. Honestly, just the perfect amount of everything, sex, love, humor and a great story line
Great quick read. Characters are likeable and relatable. I downloaded it and started reading and before I knew it I was halfway through!
I  enjoy both others this is my second book written by Tara and Eric. There books were both great I recommend them if you like romance
I love the way this book was written  with humor and compassion loyalty love quick hook up,s  in the end the bad boy wins over money
What can I say...I love Brady and Nat. This is an awesome story with quite a bit of hotness. It was amazing from beginning to end.
I'm really into hockey books now & this one did not disappoint. Huge manwhore changes his way for the sweet roommate. Great books!
Very enjoyable book which kept me up late since I couldn't put it down. The story went by quickly and I liked the lead characters.
I'm in love what a beautiful love story. The emotions are so strong. friends roommates and lover beautiful. Manwhore and Angel...
Loved this book! There is great detail. With some parts I found myself laughing out loud. Will read more books by these authors.
With Bjs Nate dogs dry toast had me laughing my ass off perfect just the kind of read I needed just perfect Awwww Brady swoon!!!
I enjoyed it more than I expected.  Hope there is a sequel for the other characters.  Great hockey romance  couldn't put it down
Just enough spice to make it nice.  Nice little read for a day's commute.  Didn't rush to the end after telling a great story.
Book was amazing!! Read it all in one sitting,couldn't put it down. Characters were lovable and funny!! Was sad to see it end.
This was an interesting book...kinda of a chick  read, but a great read nonetheless.  Female gamers are k<br/><br/>inda rare
This was a great story. I loved the characters. I will definitely be reading more from this author. You won't be disappointed
Definitely a book to ready if you are a fan of the sexy,sweet,hunky,jock<br/>I give this book a 5 for enjoyment and realism.
Beautiful just beautiful , I will definitely look up more of this authors work. I look forward to reading more of her books.
This book was so sweet and kept my attention for the entire time! Definitely looking forward to other books by this author!
I loved Madison and Brody!!  This was a great story with just the right amount of romance and the right amount of sizzle!
Cute read. Very funny without to much drama. The characters are real & easy to relate to. I read the book in one sitting.
Independent girl finds her mono. Her crazy best friend. And the new man in her life. What's not to like. Will read more.
They are a cute couple and the story is fun and sweet. I loved it.<br/>I wasn't expecting much and got a good surprise
Took me just a few hours to read. Very good. Humorous. Funny. Loved the characters. Couldn't put it down. Great read!!
The sex scenes drive me over the edge. Definitely for adult readers. Loved Brady and all the characters. Great book.
This was such a cute and adorable romance. Too cute and refreshing. Loved the way he fell totally in love with her.
Great funny story! A good story about finding yourself and your dreams. Get the book you will laugh and laugh!!!!!
I loved this book! I just wish it would have had more gut wrenching moments and times where you held your breath.
I really liked this book and would recommend it to anyone wanting a cute flirty romance that really pulls you in.
This was very enjoyable! The H and h are funny and very relatable. I'm excited to see more work from this author.
Love this standalone! It's light, funny, sweet, sexy, no big drama. And it gives a break from the complications.
It is fairly predictable but really good. Liked everyone in the book - good book, it is worth the reading time.
Awesome suspense horrible ending is the an 2nd book? I will read more of her books. Now on to find the next one
This was a cute story. Parts were a little so so for me, but the storyline and the characters were very cute!
I'm in love. I couldn't put this book down. Where can I find my Brady? This books was beautiful. I need more.
Loved getting my awww moments.  If you are looking for a quick cute read this could definitely be that book.
Loved ot so much, read it in less than a day! I hope they may do a sequel sowe can see wht happens next. :)
Really loved this book!! It was funny and sweet at the same time! Could not put it down! Really wanted more
This was the best book!! I enjoyed it very much!!  If you are looking for a great and fun book this is it.
I'd love to see more of Natalie and Brady. There so cute together. I love sexy men and HOT hockey players.
I actually liked this book a lot. I downloaded the sample and as far as I'm concerned, if I laugh while reading that, it's a one-clicker. Yes, overall it could be seen as being a little immature, but you know what? I liked it. I liked that was a pretty light read and had me laughing throughout. I thoroughly enjoyed the banter between Brady & Natalie. I think the last third of the book was rushed and I would have loved more of slower pace and a build-up. I'm hoping that the author writes about the other players on the team and/or Nat's friends.<br/><br/>**Reviewed by Melinda for Jo&IsaLoveBooks; Blog.
Awesome book, it kept my attention and finished it in one setting, great job Erin Leigh!
I absolutely loved it!!! Couldn't put it down. Lots of laughs. This should be a movie :)
I took a chance on this book because I happened to come across it. I'm glad I did, it was AMAZING! It had the right amount of humor and romance. Erin Leigh is a new author for me and you bet I will be reading more of her books.<br/>Roommates is a MUST READ, it has no drama or angst but it will leave you feeling mushy and in love with the storyline.
A good story, with some interesting observations about women and men as roommates.
Tara Brown has once again rocked my world and I'm not even a fan of hockey! Room mates was sweet funny and a contemporary player boy falls in love with sweet girl. I was laughing in parts and getting angry during others ( her momma is Woah) I have never read a good by this author I have hated! Excellent job Tara! Oh and if you reach out to her through social media she responds!
A 4 only because of some grammar issues. But I loved the stories.
Great read looking forward to reading more from the author
Hooked after the first few pages ! Loved ever bit of it!
**To top off the perfect body great hair thing, his face is like a Michelangelo. He’s a god.<br/>Yup, he’s too hot to be a roommate.<br/><br/>That's exactly what Natalie thought when she seen that her roommate wasn't some butch girl who played Hockey, but a superstar hockey player that was hot as h*ll.  It made her uncomfortable, she hasn't had that much experience with guys, only having had the one serious boyfriend, and being in her 20s and just now being away from home.<br/><br/>Brady thought he was rooming with a computer geek and when he saw Natalie, he didn't want a hot girl as a roommate, espeically one that he was instantly attracted too.  He is known for 'quickies' and doesn't do relationships.  He knows he can't do anything with Natalie, he can't have a quickie with his roommate and then sleep in the next room.  He never stays the night, never cuddles.<br/><br/>When Natalie finds out her long term off/on again boyfriend had been cheating the entire 3 years they had been dating, in a drunken state, she throws herself at Brady.<br/><br/>**I like the way his warm hand on my arm almost wraps all the way around it. There’s a frightening possibility that my attraction to him is just so overwhelming all my senses have flown out the window. I know the common ones were the first b*tches to abandon ship.<br/><br/>Now they must determine if they want to jeopardize their roommate status for something more, they know if they cross that line, there is no going back.<br/><br/>This was a great Rom Com read.  The attraction between the characters are explosive.  Lots of Steamy parts as well as funny parts.  Even though Brady is a self proclaimed man wh*re, I loved the fact that he stood up for Natalie, even in the beginning.  Their friendship evolved into something neither one of them expected.
I loved this book! Made me laugh out loud many times!
I enjoyed this! It was a quick read, funny and sweet
Great book, kept my interest all the way through.
It was a cute story.  Easy reading.  Predictable.
I enjoyed the double point of views in the book.
Very good book. Throughly enjoyed reading it.
enjoyed the book, may read it again some time
Good, light hearted read. Really enjoyed it!
Great story. I could not put the book down.
Cute story, an a easy, fun read. loved it!
Predictable storyline, but good writing.
Review posted at: [...]<br/><br/>I absolutely LOVE Tara Brown writing as Erin Leigh. Her sense of humor is so great!!! I love how she deals with things in a funny way and how it works for her writing style.<br/><br/>I knew from the blurb Roomates would be my kind of book. I LOVE romantic comedies like this one and it didn’t disappoint!<br/><br/>The heroine is super funny, love Nat! And our hero, BJ? Tara NAILED making him the perfect guy. Not perfect as in flawless, but perfect because he is SUCH A GUY! I mean, he is sort of a man s***, he treats girls as if they were disposable…until he finds the PERFECT girl. Not only for him, but for any other guy….Nat is hot, she plays videogames (and is a BADASS at it), she doesn’t cook, but compensates in being awesome (if you didn’t get that I fell in love with him over his guy ways, I did when he started COOKING!!)!<br/><br/>I loved that this book didn’t have a complicated plotline, it was a fun ride and I truly enjoyed it alongside with the charactes. I mean, a story about a manwhore changing his ways when he finds the perfect girl for him? Plus, Roomates had some HOT scenes!!! Brady and Nat’s chemestry is undeniable and I LOVED when they gave in to it! The problem with those two wasn’t admiting they were attracted to each other, though. It was admiting to themselves they actually wanted it.<br/><br/>Nat’s boyfriend is a douche, I mean, Brady is a manwh***e, but he is a nice guy. But the way Nat acted on it and got her revenge was EPIC!!! I want to do that too one day (as long as I find myself a Brady too!! )! Her parents though? They were CRAZY! The good kind of crazy!<br/><br/>One of the things I enjoyed in this story so much, is that even though it’s a funny, uncomplicated read, it was a well-done one. I love that the love story was built and the characters (and us, the readers) had the time to get to know each other and fall in love. It wasn’t rushed.<br/><br/>The secondary characters were great too and now I want Matt and Sami’s story too!!! I’m very curious about those two!!!<br/><br/>Roomates is the kind of romantic comedy that should be turn into a movie ASAP, because I would go watch it at the movies over and over! I want to be a part of Tara’s next book as Erin Leigh, because it looks like the characters have so much fun together!!!<br/><br/>I had a sports romance only phase, I’ve read almost all of Jaci Burton’s Play-By-Play series and the hockey one is one of my favorites, so I enjoyed this aspect of Roomates too. It’s always great to find a new hot player to love. Even the ones who are manwh***es and ocasional pigs towards women. Brady did compensate for that though.<br/>I love all the action involved in hockey! I wish we had it, but then we would have to have snow and I don’t think I’m ready for snow in Brazil hahaha.<br/><br/>Oh another thing I LOVED, is the fact that Nat could be you or me. Starting with her job…she ends up working with something that became part of my own reality! And Tara did a great job describing it, because it’s something she knows (I love the sense of humour involving those kind of models, by the way ahaha)! Kudos for that part of the story as well!<br/><br/>I can’t for more of Tara’s releases, in any of her writing personas, because I absolutely ADORE her writing. No one does plot twists like her, even in her funny and romantic books, we can still find them!!
Cute with no heavy drama. Enjoyed it.
Fun book to read...cute, and clever.
Cute story!  Loved the characters!
Great book! Loved the characters#
It was one of my favorite books.
It was a great book and funny!!!
Well written, engaging and fun!
Would have loved for this book to have gone on and on! Thanks for another fantastic read Tara!!! Now hurry and release more books! 😉
One of my favorites this year!
Spelling and grammar errors throughout, cute yet predictable story line, unfortunately the language and vulgar sexual exploits ruin the romance.
Great story! Recommend!
Nice and lovely  book!
Cute  romantic comedy
My "girl crush" author does it again...it doesn't matter what type of story she takes on...it pulls you in, leaving you waiting for her next book.<br/><br/>Nat is finally going out on her own.  A new job, a new town, and a new roommate.  Finally getting away from her overbearing, overprotective mother.  Her year to sow her oats while her boyfriend finishes his law degree.  Luckily her friends know of someone looking for a roomie, what they don't tell her is BJ isn't a female, he's a up coming hockey star.<br/><br/>Brady's life and that of his family was to see him become a pro hockey star.  He can have any girl out there, so when his friends tell him about another friend Nate, a computer nerd, needing a roommate, Brady figures why not.<br/><br/>After the shock wears off and the rules set, the two have to find a common ground, little do they realize the common ground is attraction.
I loved this book!
I can't believe all the 5 star reviews. I thought this would be a cute, romantic story about roommates that realize they feel more for each other. But instead I get a manwh#@e hockey player who brags about his conquests! We also have to read about 2 of them. I was really disappointed. This is not my idea of romance. This book had a cute premise but did not deliver.
Really good book.
Cute light read.
The constant slut shaming in this book had me cringing the entire time. I cannot believe a woman would write something so demeaning about other women. Women can have sex with whoever they want, however they want. It's time to stop shaming women for doing the same things men, and this main character in particular, do all the time. The story had potential but I couldn't handle the light it put women in.
I want more!
One step away from smut. Returned early. Not what I expected.
Great book.
GREAT READ.
Great read!
Great read
Fun read..
Great read
Good read.
Very good
Loved it.
I think this is my favorite read this year, hands down. It was funny, original, and had amazing characters. I know i said I loved the characters but I'm saying it again, all of the characters in this book have great personalities and depth. Each one adds to the charm of the story. This was a first read by this author for me and I loved it. Definitely a recommended read!
Loved it
I hate to be critical and don't usually leave bad reviews, but I read this based on good reviews and I'm just so confused by that. It's nonsensical, crass, poorly written, full of plot holes, lacking any character development and full of eye-roll inducing moments. And the love scenes were cringeworthy.
For the right demographic this is a winner. It reads like a screenplay to a rom-com. It's not my taste, but I understand the appeal. It's nice to read a story not mired in angst, tragedy and loss. So, overall a pleasant enough few hours spent.
I absolutely love this Author! Her books never disappoint! This was an Amazing read I loved "Nate" and "BJ" lol what are the chances these unlikely two get thrown together! This was a sweet and Fun filled book!
I might have given this more stars if the male lead had shown more growth and the female lead had shown more self-worth; however, that said, one of the best parts was the dual point-of-view.<br/><br/>Overall I enjoyed the story line, though it seems odd that the two "roommates" never figured out before being in the same physical location that they were of opposite sex. It seems based on the fact that they 'had interaction' via emails and what-not that this information might have presented itself or at least lead one or both of them to question it. That said, it was a nice twist that their friends were involved in the deception. The story was overall entertaining and I was able to finish it in a day.<br/><br/>So, now you have these two who both vow not to "like" the other in "that way" because they are roommates and that wouldn't be appropriate under the circumstances of living together. They set up some ground rules and it turns out the hockey "meathead" isn't as bad as she first expected...or was he...after all this 'player' has a signature move called "The Clinton" that is VERY disrespectful of women. It shows an utter lack of any care about another individual and that women are to be USED as a tool (more on that later).<br/><br/>Early on in the "getting to know you stage" of the roommate section one of his pet-peeves is relieving oneself in the shower and insists she has done this based on the fact that the 'tap' never ran, only the shower. Apparently the walls are thin enough to hear the result of body fluids hitting the toilet (but not the toilet being flushed???) so his assumption was that a female would turn on the faucet to 'mask the sound'...ummmmm.... if that's the case, then wouldn't one hear the FLUSHING of the toilet also?? She claims she did not use the shower for this purpose and in fact used the toilet and they have their 'first argument' that should have been prevent when making their earlier rules. I'm sorry, but his reasons for being so upset about this are LAME. Firstly, one of the reasons he gives as this offense is not even remotely going to be an issue for them, yet the whole thing has him unhinged. Secondly, while I'm not one who participates in this practice, what is the big issue if it's not infringing on you...it's not like you're going to go swimming in it as though it were a pool or hot tub, we're not even talking bath here...it's a shower....eh...either way...it's an argument that if she really didn't do what he's accusing her of as she claimed, then a FLUSHING toilet sound should have been proof...I want to know where that is in all the upset going on...if the walls are that thin, then there should have been no question of where she relieved herself. Just sayin'!<br/><br/>Now, back to the "Clinton" business....<br/><br/>Of course the tension builds between the two and eventually he and she connect...but he can't "Clinton" her and this has him at odds with himself because he cares about her so much he just can't do it...so instead he fakes and leaves frustrated. Frustration builds, some of this some of that, they have an emotional and verbal connection that ends with them in bed together again, but this time he "Clinton's" her (but denies it because she doesn't have clothing on). Wait a minute here, hold-everything. Is this not the one and same who claimed he cared for her too much to do that, and now he just does so, without her permission and then denies that it actually is such and had the whole 'relief' from having done so....GROSS. This is disgusting, and...he can't have it both ways, she means too much to him to pull that stunt one minute and the next they're all wow, this is great. What a pig. This one girl that he finally claims is different, that he cares so much about and he treats her like every other girl (who "knew what she was getting") and treats her like a device for his means only. Just when I was thinking okay, he's turned himself around, he can be a decent human and respectful, this one scene ruins it for me. He thinks so little of her needs/feelings he just does this act without her consent (it's filthy and gross) and to top it off denies that he's actually done it based on some stupid technicality. AND her??? she's so desperate for 'love' that she allows herself to be treated as an object with no regards for her actual feelings? I would totally have let into that guy, that is unacceptable behaviour. At the very least this is something that should have been discussed ahead of time, but getting past that, what could have been a sweet moment in connecting with each other finally was in fact turned into every other of his conquests with (as he said previously about the other women) she should be expecting it...another words once a male pig always one... what a shame!
Very one-dimensional and not to smart, this book was boring and too slow for me, but i will say the writer did deliver the characters in a good way and i found it easy to connect too the plot.
I have never been compelled to write a review before, but I find it difficult to believe that this book was written by a woman. The sex scenes aren't as much explicit as they are 16 year old boy fantasy sex. The characters and storyline could have been great, they started out well, but the end was dismal. Spoiler alert: the female lead forgot all about being a strong classy woman and gave up what she wanted for sex / lust / maybe love. Love may be blind, but in a light-hearted book, it should not be blind and stupid.
3 1/2 Stars for sure for Roommates!<br/><br/>I'll admit all the positives first. It was an easy read. It was fun and entertaining, and I did find humor in it. But, here are my issues..., the author introduces huge character side stories and doesn't follow through. I don't like leaving too many spoilers within reviews, but that being said, the relationship between our main character and her mother didn't have a resolution. I don't care if we end the book on bad terms, you can't leave your reader hanging. Until the very end you have Natalie making excuses for her mother's extremely over-the-top behavior, or her father's enabling it. It's mind blowing....really.<br/><br/>When talking about Brady, it's fine to show his play-boy ways..., but to 'Clinton' girls, one night stands to be honest. Sorry don't know too many girls that are willing for that to happen in public. And, he's super famous, but he's playing AHL? I find this hard to believe, sorry. He's not  only famous, but his 'Clintoning' girls is even famous? The suspension of disbelief wasn't successful here for me.<br/><br/>That aside, the book was, in my opinion, a good entertaining read and I do recommend it.
Readable but I'm not sure why it's getting such great reviews. I grew weary of the author's overuse of the descriptor 'angel', 'angelic' for the heroine.<br/><br/>I particularly couldn't help rolling my eyes every time the author described the hero's tendency to 'Clinton' on things.  Yes that's right, he likes ejaculating over the top of his women, on shower curtains ... I get that it was supposed to be witty and funny but the term was kind of over-used.<br/><br/>The description of the female lead's ex-boyfriend was also very one-dimensional as he's portrayed as a rich, womanising, unfaithful but good-looking bastard.  I love hockey romances, I love romance novels and I enjoy plausibly written novels with interesting characters but this felt like a grab bag of romantic tropes all thrown in together.  Not the worst book I've read but disappointing given that the author has a nice writing tone - light and engaging.
I feel a bit weird about this book.  Like, I laughed a lot, but spent equal amounts of time adjusting my lady balls and my imaginary hard on.<br/><br/>Brady is gross.  But he's super sexy and adorable and totally hilarious.  I loved absolutely everything about him.<br/><br/>I loved the angsty build-up, the sex was HOT, and their relationship was pure perfection.<br/><br/>GREAT contemp rom com with laugh out loud moments and lots of warm and fuzzies in your pants.
I thought his would be a cute romance but the male character is such a misogynist pig that Ihad to stop reading it.  He sees women only as objects an his thoughts are just offensive.  I really do not understand all the reviews sayying that this is a cute roma ce.  I don't have a problem with sex but he is practically a predator.
Well written, good pacing, multiple points of view, but lacks conflict.  He's an untamed pro athlete, she's a recent grad starting her career away from home.  They are tricked into becoming roommates, and find common ground with video games.<br/>The heroine is strong in her own right, not overly needy, becoming more sure of herself as she finds job success.  She takes risks, and learns to evaluate her relationships rationally.  The hero of course is tamed, and he does recognize her successes as not less than his own.<br/>Nice story, but lacks conflict needed to elevate the story to something more than a feel good romance.
I have mixed emotions about this book.  I liked how Brady and and Natalie ended up being together after they were thrown together as roommates and I undertand Brady was a manwhore, but I felt he was so juvenile at times.<br/><br/>Natalie is trying to stand on her two feet when she soon finds out that her roommate is Brady and not a girl.  After the initial shock wears off, they become perfect roommates before taking a step further.  I think it worked out in the end but so many times I wanted to slap him for being so childish.  I really couldn't connect much with his character, but it's a cute read.
The middle to end is better than the beginning. I agree with another reviewer that the sex scenes sometimes seemed more like a teenagers wet dream. I did however like both the h &h.;  No major climax but that was okay because watching the romance evolve was entertaining. I stumbled sometimes over the sentence structure and writing style.
This was a cute story but notjing mindblowing. I totally have week ess for the roommate concept and also for jock romance so that of course made me more inclined to like this particular story. Brady was a bit too much with the screwing around and tve Clinton stuff was really off putting to me. But an OK read.
Such a flat book. I wasted my time reading it. There is no climax in the story - You keep reading hoping that something exciting will happen.<br/>I am amazed by all the 5 star reviews that it has received.  Should have listened to the 1 stars.<br/>I like my $.99 back.  Ok - just kidding.
Light read.  Nice pace. Characters are appealing. Good book for a vacation read. Odd choice of location for story. Hartford is not anyplace I every think about. Only works as being close to Greenwich and the super rich and entitled.
The hockey theme snagged me. I really liked most of it. The whole Clinton thing was just gross and overdone. Ill read others by this author. 3 stars.
Kindle Unlimited is very disappointing. I hope the author will consider spending more time on her craft before self publishing her next book.
Fun and Sweet!
I love Erin Leigh and have read all of her books to date (Tara Brown, AE Watson, Sophia Kinsell included) but this one fell incredible short of my expectations.  It was a cute story but just boring, there was nothing that grabbed my attention and kept it, the characters were to good and wholesome,  and the plot was lacking!!!  I LOVE all of Tara Browns books so I know what to expect from her and this did not live up to the bar that she has set thus far!
The dialog helps at times, but overall you just can't get into the characters, so it reads a little too predictably.
The chick is "an angle" - we heard that 1,000 times. She's gonna get the roommate. It was over by page 5.
It kind if just ended. I was hoping for a better ending ... Or even another book following their relationship.
I was not very impressed with the story. There was not much depth to the characters, and the story was somewhat under developed. Everyone  expects the athlete is going to be the "dog"  and the poor innocent girl is going to have to deal with his past. It's all in how you tell the story. I don't feel it was done very well in this book. The ending also leaves you wondering why it ended there.
It was ok.  The story was sweet. There is not a lot more happening in this book.  I feel like it had potential to be great but just lingered on the surface.
Can't say that I enjoyed this book. I expected more. The ending could have been a whole lot better. Hmmm!
Loved it😍
It was a fun read, but there really aren't any twist or surprises.
Can't say that this is something that I am going to reread.
Not terrible, but I probably won't read it again.
Plot was ok, nothing groundbreaking. The writing was unprofessional with many grammatical errors and inconsistencies. It's also somewhat crude in language.
More raunchy then the description offered.
Got about three chapters in and couldn't take any more filth entering into my brain. If I could give it less than zero, I would!
I loved the story, they outside looking in writing was had to follow.
It was pretty boring.
