The most disappointing thing? I can't reject this
but I loved this novel for exactly what it is
Powerful, challenging companion-piece to MOCKINGBIRD
I wish I hadn't read it
Jean Louise Finch is the adult heroine of this novel --- a complex and powerful character.
Still a Must Read Story
Go Edit a Watchman
I was very worried that I would be extremely disappointed, especially after reading warnings about Atticus being a ...
To Fill a Bank Account
A testament to the power of a good editor
I love Mockingbird. I'm glad I read this.
It Is What It Is
A book, not for readers, but for failed or stalled writers.
Powerful, valuable, timely
Stunning and Uncomfortable...
If you loved to Kill a Mockingbird
This is NOT a sequel; it's a first draft
Rewriting the Sacred
Difficult to understand, follow, or care about
This is not a novel, it is a draft
A collection of off cast scenes and whole passages that were cannibalized to write To Kill a Mockingbird
Disappointing book; feel sorry for author
Tiresome. I struggled through chapter by chapter waiting for ...
This was a waste of time
Harper Lee: The Watchman Declares What She Sees
GSAW should have stayed unpublished.
The Imperfections of Adulthood:  a mirror for each of us.
A Rejected First Draft finds Second Life as a Novel
An Early Draft of Mockingbird, of Academic Interest Only
A Stab to the Heart!
Should Have Remained an Unpublished Manuscript
Who killed the mockingbird?
Interesting First Draft
One Star
My Apologies to Harper Lee
It's too bad there is no button to describe the plot of this book as "disappointing".
The only reason I finished it is because Harper Lee wrote it.
Word vomit
Absolute disappointment
The Emperor's New Clothes
As Relevant as Mockingbird
The Novel that is a Great Shame Against It's Publishing House
Glad I read this, despite the poor reviews
It's a sin to kill a mockingbird
Deckle edge, rough printing, NOT a good copy
Ruins "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Some facts that may clarify the situation.
Go Set a Watchman is NO Sequel
Very disappointing
Colour High-Def to Mockingbird's Monochrome
Unbearably disappointing
Not a Novel but a Rough Draft
The Emperor's New Clothes:
Rambling Rough Draft
SO disappointed.
Just Walk on By...Nothing to See Here
You Can’t Go Home Again
You Can Go Home Again...
Several dead spots throughout the book and no where near as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
... long for this to be published I am so disappointed, not from the content/story line
Could bearly finish this book... Terrible.... I just wasted $17,  and three hours of my life..
This book should NEVER have seen the light of day!!!
Editors were right decades ago
Not Scout, except in flashback scenes
but I always felt the mysterious Boo and his love for the children was the true core of the ...
A book for the ages
Go Set A Watchman
I am not satisfied with the product
Wait to read this until the price drops- it isn't that great
but not quite as good as "To Kill a Mockingbird
The cover is the best part of the book.
Go Set a Watchman: SPOILERS AHEAD
This book should never have been published
It's a fascinating manuscript that revels the early steps of a great and important American novel
In Sotto Voce, the Watchman Cometh
Very poorly written, save your money
Unhappy
Contradictory novel
Re-read To Kill A Mockingbird instead
I struggled to read this book..
Not Good.
A Crime in Publishing.
Honor the author, not the icon.
Save yourself the pain of reading this book
An extension of to Kill a Mockingbird
If you're looking for the magic of the original... go re-read the original.
"I'm so sick of this moral double-dealing...."
The hype was worth every cent! Buy it, devour it, and make up your OWN mind...
Thought-provoking
The outrage over this book is really amazing. I knew going in that there was no ...
Disappointing and disturbing.
What the H-LL did I just read??
Long delayed second novel tarnishes author's legacy
It's just not that good. . . .
Stick with Mockingbird
Big Disappointment
This Is Reality
When did plucky Scout Finch turn into the clueless Miss Jean Louise
Reading it made it clear why it was not published ...
Awful plot. Completely contradicts To Kill A Mockingbird. ...
The original is my favorite book and this one was pretty terrible
I can see why the first editor sent it back ...
It got there finally
Fraudulent garbage.
Glad I Read It - But Wish It Hadn't Been Published
What a disappointment. First the narrator
Extremely un likable characters and too many disjointed story lines.
DISAPOINTING BUT SOON FORGOTTEN
Go Set a Date to read this.
Scout Returns To Maycomb
A disappointment.
Disappointing Dragging Doorstop
"Mockingbird" and "Watchman
Go set a book back on the shelf
TKAM is one of my favorite books of all time
A masterpiece way ahead of its time!
Disappointing and stilted.
One Star
Unequal, not quite sequel, without much plot
Returned for refund
I didn't care for this one.
Nostalgia
Underwhelming and unnecessary.
Not A Joy
Go Set A Watchman Novel???
Not a True Sequel
An unexpected and compelling story
Godfather III of Literature
Make up your own mind.
When the Time is Right
Doesn't seem like the same author who wrote Mockingbird
Not very good.
Not a sequel to To Kill A Mockingbird
Should Have Paid Attention to Early Reviews
Amaturish and disappointing read.
Don't Expect a Classic
What a disappointment. Her other book
Don't bother.
This story was a disappointment to me
Should Have Remained Hidden
It's a brilliantly written story and I can't recommend it enough
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favorite novels. It was with great anticipation that I ...
I was disappointed!
The Publishers Should be Ashamed
Prophetic and ahead of its time
Uneven, but glad I read it
Wonderful read.
Best part of this novel is the title.
More complex approaches to more complex problems ...
Avoid this one
poor character development
those you love and those you respect is an integral and challenging ...
I was disappointed with this book
After years of waiting for more from Harper Lee, ...
Read ok, book not
Barely worth the time
Atticus Finch as a sly, genteel bigot - pointless, cliched and unpleasant - tarnishes the memory of the original
Weak
No plot, Atticus compared to Hitler
Shame on You, Rupert Murdoch & Your Minions
A Fraud IMO - and a not convincing one at that. Lovers of To Kill A Mockingbird - don't bother reading this book.
The problem with Scout being the moral compass
Don't read this book unless you enjoy amateurish efforts driven by greed.
I was neither disappointed in Atticus nor Jean Louise
Mixed bag
It is written brilliantly. To Kill a Mockingbird is to me
Harper Lee does not disappoint
Go and create your own opinion of this book!
Good book about the south in the 50's
Scout get big Atticus small
What did I just read?
Really disappointed in this book
Tarnished Memory of a Beloved Author
Just reads like a first draft
History in reality
Interesting and clarifying
Most disappointing!
Perhaps this is the book America needs to read now
Great
An Adult View of Macomb Georgia that Teaches About Humanity
and I loved it. Yes
Watchman every bit as much a Masterpiece as Mockingbird
To break an ideal
It's a matter of balance
And just like for Scout
Extremely slow and boring book. One of the least captivating I've ever ...
Scout 1, Jean Louise 0
I was disappointed that nothing more was said about Calpurnia
A Story that had twists and turns; concluding with a satisfying ending
Shouldn't have been released.
I hated this book
Good but
and I absolutely love the book
Very well written.
With all respects to Harper Lee...wish I hadn't read it....
I read it, but you don't have to
Go Set a Watchman is worth your time
FLAWED BUT EVER FINE
Scout Finch Comes of Age
Atticus Finch Revisited
Scout Now All Grown Up and Called Jean Louise Finch!
Scouting Conscience
Excellent - maybe even better than To Kill A Mockingbird
My beloved Harper Lee was being attacked by NPR bloggers and the like, and that
Dreadfully dreary!
Disappointing
A disappointment.
I was not very impressed with the book. Atticus ...
A great read that may make a second classic
terrible and disappointing
As Timely As To Kill A Mockingbird was - An excellent read.
Colorblind?
Thought provoking
Back Off, Jack
certainly not up to the high standard of To Kill ...
Disappointed. Reads like a high school lit assignment
Blame the Publisher, Not the Author
I am exhausted and wrung out and so pleased at the same time
Book Promotion -  10,  The Book Itself -  2.
Killed the Mockingbird all by herself!
Shocking revaluation.
I can honestly say it did not change my love for Atticus Finch
It All Comes Full Circle
More like a first draft of a novel
Don't vote for this with your dollars.
Mockingbird's 1st draft still has moments of charm & info which is especially timely in today's political climate
Poorly written. Did not sustain my interests. Characters ...
Ignore the Negativity and READ it!
Good, Solid Prose (Honest, Too)
Very disappointing...
Do Not Purchase this book
Well.....
I enjoyed reading this book although it was not as polished ...
Finch shows the best tradition of his profession as a defense lawyer
A must read
Not so much.
As a stand alone book, this would NOT be a best seller
Flawed, but beautiful.
Don't expect anything resembling a sequel to "To Kill a Mockingbird."
This "book" should have been a free download for Harper ...
I keep thinking, I wish she would have had a chance to work more on this. And then I remember she did.
Fragmented, Incomplete, Fractured and Undeveloped
It's a sin to sully a literary masterpiece...
Review of Go Set A Watchman
Go Set a Watchman
Disappointing
Watchman gives a lot to think about-its not a book ...
I am glad I purchased it
It's a pity.
Scout and Atticus fall short
Who Watches the Watchman?  Is it the Deconstruction of Atticus Finch?
Wonderful Watchman, don't compare with Mockingbird! And a Daughter's Anguish
Won't be Appreciated for What it is, which is a shame
A remarkable, timely read
Harper Lee gives us another inspiring look into our history.  A MUST READ!
interesting original story of the Finch family as adults as integration enters their world.
Disappointing!
Harper Lee was a much better writer when she wrote To Kill A Mockingbird
I am sad for Nelle Lee
Apologist for racism. Recognizing racism without acting to correct ...
Good story. Poor literature.
Don't Bother to read this!
I Wish I Hadn't Read It
It's no Mockingbird,
What a disappointment - this first book by Harper Lee
My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I read "To Kill a Mockingbird" as ...
Not a fan
Miss Jean Louise is Color blind.
Wouldn't read it again.
Disappointed
A publishing stunt
The "story" is random and rambling at best.
Don't bother. You'll only be disappointed.
No recommendation
Fitting sequel
Very disappointing
Harper Lee hits the nail on the head!
Rather boring story of grown -up daughter vs
Don't bother.
Great
but also because many reviews said it was very good - it certainly is not good in any way ...
Beautifully written narrative!
enjoyed the book
So sad that greed motivated publishing this book and tarnishing the ...
Don't bother
Don't read any reviews
Disappointing and sad. We should have left her alone
Loss of Innocence
Where Did THIS Come from?
We need this book right now
Torn from Today's Headlines
So sad that the story was not proofed before publication.
I won't read this again
Disappointed with the writing and poor quality if the books ...
quite disappointing
POIGNANTLY PAINFUL
Nothing special...
Should Have Been Titles - Go Find a Better Book... almost any will do!
Go Set a watchman
Two Stars
Go Set a Watchman - another success!
What the heck?
If you loved the original, don't read this
Almost wish I hadn't purchased it
I wanted to give it a chance . . .
As an illustration of fine editorial work
Her editor recommended changes in the whole story line of this draft ...
Very disappointing. The characters are poorly drawn with a ...
Not what you think, Not what you've read in the reviews.. Decide for yourself
Two Stars
Harper Lee wrote one of these two books,  which one was it?
Glad I read it
But I was very much disappointed. There are a few noteworthy scenes (which I ...
Not nearly as good as Mockingbird...
Ignore the Naysayers and Read WATCHMAN
Don't waste your money
Save your money!
I didn't expect much and was not disappointed
This book will bring you no joy and will leave you wishing for a quick ending.
Wow. Like a punch to the stomach.
Surely she never meant for this to be published
If you love To Kill A Mockingbird, DO NOT read this.
Disappointed
A good book..
I guess she was a one hit wonder
It put Atticus Finch in a bad light and he was a everyone's hero in In ...
In this book are the roots and the beginnings of her masterpiece TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD
Travesty
Boring
Boring
she makes a stand in the only way our Scout of old could do and it is a heart-wrenchingly necessary and beautiful thing. In the
The book is written beautifully and as much as I disliked it
Obviously a first effort. However the attitude of white ...
Don't miss out!
Go Set a Watchman
"there is no good writing, only good rewriting
Better than expected (some spoilers!)
Harper Lee is a fabulous author-this one received less editing, but still a wonderful story, just from a different point of view
Go set a watchman
To Kill A Mockingbird is my favorite book so I was pretty excited to read Go ...
Unimportant
Wonderful book by Harper Lee describing in the Deep South ...
Yes, I liked it!
On its own merits
precient and thoughtful
... draft of what would eventually become one of the best books ever
Why was it published?
A must read!  Yes, a must read
... got this book knowing that it wouldn't be the great novel that To Kill a Mockingbird was but this ...
It made me cry.
Should Have Remained Unpublished
Not a classic, but time will tell
Harper Lee's writing in Mockingbird far superior to this
I wanted to love it. I wanted it to be that epic ...
Poor, sad story.
... inferior to To Kill A Mockingbird that it is easy to believe those who have written that it was ...
A Book in Its Time
Terrible
Difficult (at times) but rewarding read...
Slow uptake
Boring.
I wanted to love this, as I do TKAM
A watse of time on the quest for more money...
There is a reason Harper Lee didn't want this novel ...
Older Atticus and Scout
Good strong read
An "OK" read, at best.
Released for Profit Only
Undermines Mockingbird with unlikeable racist, women beating characters.
Not your father's Mockingbird
It was terribly boring, but I continued to read
Lived Up to Our Expectations
This book is one of the worst I've read in years
"WORTH THE WAIT"
Don't Bother
As a lover of To Kill a Mockingbird, I ...
Don't bother
This book needs to see an editor. I'm afraid ...
A major disappointment from the first novel
Good/not good
" Very poor character development
Tedious
Watchman isn't Mockingbird but is still damn good!
One Star
Two Stars
Disappointing follow up to Mocking Bird
LOVED "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Interesting insight into a racially divided country
So glad it was published.
Very disappointing.
This book does not measure up to the writing of ...
Much, much less than what I expected
I did not enjoy this book
not waiting for the sequil
Two Stars
First Book blues.
The other pages just weren't good enough to hold my attention nor did they hold ...
Save your time and your money
A Literary Let-Down
My Watchman on Go Set a Watchman
NOT a sequel, not even close
Disappointing, not for storyline but for quality of writing
Drags with didactic discourses (4 stars only when considered as a companion to TKAM)
Read it like it's a draft
Disappointing Even Without the Hype Set-Up
Every Reader Will Have to Be a Watchman
Not the equal of "To Kill A Mockingbird" but intriguing
Reads Like a First Draft
Better than "To Kill A Mockingbird"?
Lee had tremendous shoes to fill—her own.
A wonderful novel that falls a little short of Mockingbird, but very worthwhile.
A must read!
Hero worship, civil rights jumble
Disappointing- I re read TKAM first and truly loved it. The reusing of whole pages I thought ...
... reading to kill a mockingbird and considering Atticus the perfect father, I rode the rollercoaster with Scout as ...
Disappointing
Thank goodness her publisher made her go home and re ...
Fair Read
Lee should have listened to her original editor/publishing firm. ...
I'm a Harper Lee fan. There's a reason this ...
Go Set a Watchman
A bit of a disappointment
Go Read Mockingbird Again Instead.
Unfortunate
This was such a tremendous disappointment of a novel
Swan Song of The Mockingbird (Bing Chang - 7/16/2015) Colonial ...
I LOVED "To Kill a Mockingbird"- this book was so boring ...
Not a sequel
Be Your Own Watchman - read the novel and form your own judgment of Atticus (don't let the media decide for you)!
Hardly a Worthy Sequel to Mockingbird
Why Publish It?
From the prophet
Didactic and righteous
What a waste of money
Disappointed
Nothing will ever compare to "To Kill..."
rough draft
It is apparent that this was a novice attempt. ...
Attention All English Teachers: You Need to Rewrite Your Lesson Plans on To Kill a Mockingbird
Sad!
Disappointing
Wouldn't recommend
It's like coming home
Fantastic book!
Borrow from library! Don't give money to the piranhas! Not a great read.
Disappointing
Not recommended
Jean Louise Discovers the Real South
dreadful
Wish I could unread this book...
Dull
Thankful I had just re-read To Kill A Mockingbird so ...
Scout comes home
Wanted To Love It; Did Not
I adore this author and appreciate the opportunity to read this book.
A great read
The Publisher Ripped Off Readers
Thought Provoking
Go set a watchman . . . far from here
The two perspectives of Atticus Finches
Don't quit when the going gets tough!
Do--"Go Set a Watchman"
Atticus not tarnished for me, thankfully!
A fascinating sociological study
Impossible to rate; it was a first draft and,therefore, incomplete in many ways. Anyone else notice the ice cream shop thing?
To Kill a Mockingbird is an all-time favorite book, and Atticus Finch is an all-time favorite ...
A Great Book in its Own Right
A story that should stand on it's own.
I was hooked halfway through
Worth the read if you can accept this book on its own merits
3.5 stars--Recommended for fans of To Kill a Mockingbird
After reading thousands of books then going back and reading what some people consider their favorite novel. Then I went on imme
I didn't expect to like it as much as I did
Humanizing Our Idols
Powerful, dissonant, unfinished
Certainly not To Kill a Mockingbird
Worth Reading
He's a little annoying oh wait
You Can't Go Home Again
Stilted and Confusing
A solid companion for "To Kill a Mockingbird"
I can see why this was rejected by the publisher in favor of Mockingbird
Who gets the profits?
I honestly believe that Harper Lee would have NEVER released ...
Eh
Jarbled writing
I was very disappointed in this book
Hyped up to great expectations
Wow!
You have to read it, because it's Harper Lee's, but the writing is awful!  Prepare to be disappointed, and maybe you won't?  LOL
Disappointed!
If You Haven't Read Go Set A Watchman...
Didn't live up to the hype!
unfortunate find
Mixed Feelings
A Supplement to To Kill A Mockingbird
REWRITING THE MOCKINGBIRD SAGA WITH SHOCKING TWISTS!
Timeless issues; An irreverent culture.
Not on par with the book we all know
A Young Writer's Effort - Terrible!
A real disappointment after the beautifully written To Kill A Mockingbird
The process of individuation
This was a poorly written book. The hype about ...
A GLIMPSE OF HARPER LEE 'S GENIUS
Same old story told with different characters. I put ...
Editing desparately needed
I Can Live with a More Human Atticus Finch
PLEASE DON'T DISREGARD THIS NOVEL - READ IT.
Read it if you must.
What a Disappoinment
Great Read...Good Book for Discussion Groups
Sorry, Miss Lee. 'Mockingbird' it tain't!
Loved it
Go Set An Editor!
shattering a  icon's image
Biases are universal
but Atticus would not hear of a thing like this---in his righteousness in fairness
Would recommend to buy
Rp Off Book -- Sequel to Nothing !!
Tedious
One Star
Don't waste your money or time on this piece of garbage.
Go Set A Watchman is a remarkably powerful book on the importance of staying true to your own conscience
A Beautiful (Flawed) Novel
"The time your friends need you is when they're wrong, Jean Louise"
Let Us Reject False Choices
The most unique reading experience I've ever had
"Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer"....
Beautiful
5 stars for characters and story, 3 for (non) editing
but the rest is an exercise in sophomoric and self-righteous indignation Terribly disappointing.
Rambled on
DISAPPOINTED
Growing Up In The South
Wow
Could've been much better
AN EASY READ AND GOOD FOR THE SOUL
It was interesting to see that such a boring rough draft could be edited into a Pulitzer Prize ...
Great
... Lee is very lucky to have had such a good editor for To Kill a Mockingbird
Sad imitation of a book
Save your money
Confession of a cynic
It is very realistic in portraying good, humane Southerners as incapable of believing the Black ...
I always feel vaguely guilty when I don't like a book that many people rave about
at best, a poor soap opera
A poorly written book. Editing clearly lacking and a ...
What the Watchman Saw
before others reworked it to create the great classic we all know
Scout grows up.
I enjoyed it immensely
I'm glad this book was published as it tells us more ...
As poor a book as I have ever read
Not very good.
Not the worst read ever but certainly not equal to all the ...
Disappointing
Keep in mind when this was actually written.
True representation of a first attempt. Lee took someone's ...
It's forgettable, unlike "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Loved it!
“She wondered why she had never thought her country beautiful.”
(Worst) Literary Event of the Century
There is nothing like waiting almost five decades for a book's publication to ...
Please Save Your Money
I couldn't put it down....out of respect.
Loved it
Just ok. Wait until the $3 paperback is out there.
A Little Scout Grows Up
Disappointing!
Scout Grows Up
"I was an exceedingly odd young lady --- Suffering much from spleen and vapors."
I always wondered how it could ever happen, given it was so ingrained . . .
Disappointing writing  --- some editting would have helped
Don't bother with this one
One Star
Not impressed
Not as good as her first book
Scout Faces Reality In A Complex Little Town
A Good Book That Approaches, But Falls Short of the 'Mockingbird' Mark
It's Hard to Come Home Again
It was ok
She worships her father like little girls do
To Kill A Hero
... otherwise it is such a shame to dilute her perfect legacy with this dull read
Waste of time
Not as well written as To Kill a Mockingbird. ...
Go Set a Watchman.
night n day
Atticus's Racism is NOT the Story of 'Go Set a Watchman'
A surprising but excellent development of a fallen hero
A true let-down!!!!!!!
I didn't like the book
good book.
Don't Waste Your Money
Wonderful
Remember: Watchman was written first
Conflicted
More like "Go Set an Alarm"
Almost...
boring.
Read her first book.
So disappointing
Great reading.
Better editing would have helped the story flow better as ...
I'm glad I read it!
A first draft that stands on it's own as a historical masterpiece
I understand now why this was not her first novel released.
Five Stars
DISAPPOINTMENT
Save Your Money
I had wanted to buy the book for my granddaughters because they love "To Kill a Mockingbird" so much
One Star
A very good read
A brilliant book written on its own merit
I love Scout!!
What a disappointment!
One Star
Terrible Save your money
I enjoy Harper Lee's narrative of some rich characters and a ...
Don't be tricked into buying this.
I can relate!
and I was glad to understand Alexandra and Uncle Jack better
A very interesting novel
It was a big disappointment. Harper Lee's writing is certainly more polished in ...
Funny and charming in parts
Taken in Perspective!
Watchman is a curiosity at best.
It's too bad, because the love story within it has some ...
Tho I'm a huge Harper Lee fan, I barely ...
Does not compare to Mockingbird
Definite Disappointment
Do I really want to read this book?
like the major event in her other book
Disappointment
A Pragmatic Atticus
Excellent book reflecting the emotions of the time and place in which it's set
Great anticipation led to great disappointment
"To Kill a Mockingbird" is my favorite book of all time
Save your time, money and any expectations you had
I really enjoyed the grown up Scout character and several parts
Her original publisher was wiser
A great companion novel
Boring
it is still a great book by a talented author
a book that had a time
I love To Kill a Mockingbird and think that it may ...
Should have not been published
Disappointing and not well written.
ONE BOOK TOO MANY
I was not disappointed.
I'm so sorry for Harper Lee.  Great novelist who had a poor book released in her name.
Disappointed
Do Not Read
Forget it --
To Kill "To Kill A Mockingbird"
I love it!
I was glad to be back on shore and looking forward
A practice novel
Go Set A Watchman
Four Stars
Disappointing!!!!!
Don't Be Afraid to Read the Book!
New Classic?
At best a rough draft
Positively Awful
not as great as "To Kill a Mockingbird" but that's not quite ...
Disappointing
Not meant for publication as a novel
Go Set a Watchman
Not worth a penny or a minute
Glad this manuscript was released despite the controversy.
Four Stars
I Didn't Like This Book
Disappointing read
Not what I expected
Harper Lee Should Have Writte More Books
Very good. Scout grows up and realized that things are ...
I still enjoyed it and especially the last third of the book
Like hearing from an old friend
To say that this book was a disappointment would be an understatement
After reading the novel I discovered the character was not as bad as we were led to believe
The Perfect Complement
One Star
One Star
Disappointing
If this is the best - after all these years - that this author ...
One Star
Excellent novel.
Harper Lee is such a joy to read, but this is still a pretty bad book.
This is like a person learning to ride a bike with training wheels
stunning book!
Interesting perspective
Harper Lee doesn't disappoint. Could it have been even better had the ...
I love To Kill a Mockingbird so much and couldn't wait ...
"Go Set A Watchman" falls short of  "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Not a book I'd want to read agin.
Painful to watch Jean Louise find that her hero of ...
Disqppointing
Mockingbird is one of my very favorite books but Watchman is not in the same league
A fraud on the public and Harper Lee!
Not in the same class as 'To Kill A Mockingbird'.  Thumbs down.
Stimulating, true to life, I think.
Watchman is worth a read as long as you keep expectations low.
Just OK, its no To Kill a Mockingbird
Very disappointing... long passages of material that ...
What will you take away from this?
I was very disappointed in this book
Just......okay.
You Decide
Two Stars
Story lacks a compass And conclusion is personal and weakly
Waste of my time.
The book read like a first draft
It changed my view.
A Must Read for Fans of To Kill a Mockingbird
Slow beginning with colossal ending
Hard to believe that the same writer wrote both To Kill a Mockingbird, and Go set a Watchman.
thus the great To Kill A Mockingbird was born
Good Conversations Will Happen from this Read
Pretty dissapointed. Now I know why Harper Lee didn't ...
Scout was her Own Watchman
Realistic coming of age
With all the pre-release drum beating there were no surprises ...
it is a good book, but not nearly as good as To ...
Read!!!
Not sure how I feel...
Save yourself hours of torment!
Two Stars
A disappointment
A Disappointing Read!
just for the sheer joy of reading
A real disappointment after all the hype
One Star
Nothing really happened.
One Book Wonder
Definite A+
the writing was average at best. In addition
Do Not Buy This Book
Jean Louise must grow up
Not her best work--don't think it should have been released
No great plot.
Not what I expected
I didn't like this book
What I got from it was humans are not perfect beings. I don't think my generation has yet ...
Another Harper Lee Classic
One Star
One Star
I felt that the book is peppered with boring monologues which were arcane and bewildering
We really wanted to like it, but neither my husband nor I could ...
Writers do work things out in drafts
Really awful
Boring is the reason for the low rating
Waste of Time
Not a patch on "To Kill a Mockingbird"
A little disappointing
Lee has a beautiful way with words and her picture of the South ...
While it was interesting to explore the origins of Lee's ...
Can You NOT Remember "Mockingbird"?
One Star
Some SPOILER ALERT.... Almost 5 Starts
Atticus Rex
Ok But not in the same Class as TKAM
Both too long and too short
Homecoming!
Not recommended
Disapointment not with Atticus but with the form of the book.
The Watchman is a fraud
Early Harper Lee effort.
"A little more action, please"
Hated it - VERY disppointing.
The South and Scout
Another hit for Harper Lee
Great Read
If you're expecting this book to read like a sequel to To Kill A Mockingbird
What a major disappointment.
Certainly not my favorite Harper Lee.
Three Stars
Certainly a first draft, sadly not a good read
Decent, but not brilliant
I enjoyed the book and was not terribly disturbed that Atticus ...
Sorry I read this one.
Didn't like it at all
Disappointing
It's not Mockingbird .. . .
It Makes It Real
Disappointing
I have read To Kill A Mockingbird 6 times. ...
I'm glad this got published after Mockingbird. Made it more interesting.
Harper Lee does not disappoint
I liked the premise but definitely not up to "To Kill ...
Harper Lee Wrote This?  Well she didn't want it published for a reason.
Disappointing
Don't bother
I was very disappointed.
What a wonderful study of the growth of thinking!
Go Read The Watchman-Scout's Still Scout
The worst book I've ever read
Go, Read the Book
They should have left this alone.
More like fanfiction then anything else...
Not worth the price.
A bit of a Dissapointment
I sincerely loved the book
So very disappointed.
It has reflections that you could have easily seen where this was a rough draft for To ...
There is a reason Harper Lee didn't publish this
Real Life in the Fifties!
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
A must read
Don't listen to haters- read for yourself.
A worthwhile read... in context
Major Rip Off
given the date of publishing To Kill a Mockingbird would be more acceptable but this book is still pretty interesting and Harper
Atticus was nothing like his character in Mockingbird
Just wait for the movie!
Disappointed at best
Disappointed
Not at all Interesting
Evolution of the Southern Heart: Revealed
Another Masterpiece
I am glad I read the novel
I really enjoyed this book
I know many have said they enjoyed the book and were able to delve into the ...
VERY DISAPPOINTED!
One Star
I think you all should buy this good book.
Lovely epistle
Left me empty
a bad book
Wow!
Insightful look into Southern Prejudice
Disappointing
Disappointing... :(
I expected too much from this book and wasn't satisfied after reading it.
Deserves reading
The story seemed disjointed and poorly organized. It would ...
Didn't measure up
Sketches
I cannot verbalize how disappointed I am in Harper Lee
One Star
Not Mockingbird
Glad that's over
I feel that this book would have been better kept in the safe deposit box
A Disappointing Read
One Star
Very disappointed
Kinda Racist
Disappointing
I liked it.
I lived during all this period of time and knowing ...
I (still) heart Atticus
dont waste your money
Dissappointment
isn't as perfect as she believed
Depressing...has much changed?
Not worth the money
A new look at an old story
The majority in the book club didn't like it. The most interesting parts was when she ...
There are powerful, lyrical sections of this book, ...
I found it a little boring in spots
A Little Disappointed
Disappointed
A new classic
Should have left well enough alone
One Star
Two Stars
Go Set A Watchman will sorely disappoint Lee's fans
A challenging story. Most of us learn our parents ...
Classic
DISAPPOINTING
this novel (which I now understand why it was never meant to be published) left me disappointed.
SAVE YOUR MONEY - BUY SOMETHING ELSE
Two Stars
Don't bother
at times funny, and always her own person
Waste of money...
Read Mockingbird again instead of this
What a disappointment.
Big Disappointment
A visit with old friends that becomes uncomfortable.
Sad that this was not edited before publication
But it was great for showing what life was in Southern Society on ...
I had a hard time with the first third of ...
Disappointing.
It's just boring. Nothing of significance occurs
After you've read Go Set A Watchman start turning the ...
Not a single likable character, with the rough beginnings ...
What a major disappointment this book was !
Read the article in the July 25, 2015 issue ...
Watchman was not worthy of the author. Should have been kept out of  publication.
Poorly written
Be brave and open minded
Ms Lee had a reputation for her wonderful book "To Kill a Mockingbird" and it would have ...
Blaaaah
Although I did like it, I was just a bit taken back ...
Feeling Cheated
If you've read To Kill a Mockingbird, Go Set ...
Just finished reading and was very disappointed in the book overall
Good and True.
and I've loved To Kill A Mockingbird since I was in high ...
Sort of a mess
The rest of the story...
Provides insight into writing process, nothing more.
Only okay
Great summer read!
not one i would recommend.
The frequent criticisms that the book destroys reader's admiration for ...
Interesting Read
Not nearly as absorbing as 'Mockingbird'. There are no ...
Boring and overly verbose
Not in the same league as Mockingbird
Not Impressed
I would love to take a college english class on the character ...
One Star
A good read.
It was ok
I was disappointed in this book aside from all the buildup it ...
Highly Disappointing
This Book Should Have Stayed Lost
A book of contradictions
One Star
Disappointing.
Not as enchanting as 'To Kill a Mocking Bird'
It was a painful experience finishing this "monologue"
This book was poorly written and filled with boring details. It also seemed politically motivated
Pleasantly surprised after reading negative reviews. Fascinating look into ...
Disappointed so far!
Exploitation
One Star
Believable But Not As Powerful as Mockingbird
but overall a real disappointment.
With To Kill a Mockingbird as my all time favorite novel, I was looking forward with great anticipation ...
One Star
It's no Mockingbird.
I was anxious to read this book as I loved To Kill a Mockingbird but to be honest
SO Worth Reading!
I felt like I was catching up with an old friend I ...
Reallllllly boring
Puzzled!
... man we thought he was but he was a good father, good at hiding his real self and ...
Fell Short-TKAM is hard to top!
Three Stars
One Star
Surprising from the author and the special place that To ...
Waste
Don't Bother
A let down
Harper Lee...'Nuff Said
"Go Rent this Book from the Library"
Not the best
go set a watchman: a novel
A book to make you review everything you've believed in.
Beyond Disappointing
Average
Half a reputation left
One for the Money Only
What a huge disappointment. Don't waste your money or your time on ...
Pretty good story if you read it for the individual ...
Great writing but no comparison to "
Disappointing and Sad
I like history. Obviously characters change from 2KAMB
Not a good read and a little unbelievable.
Disappointment
Good book
Perspective
I think Harper lee's editor gave her great advice to revise and write "To Kill a Mocking ...
Loved this book and the chance to get to know ...
Poorly written, which makes sense as its a draft ...
Should not have been published
Boring
not at all like the smart loving Scout of To Kill a Mocking ...
Curious, Challenging, and Unexpected
Average at best. The perfect example of why publishing these days is a joke.
To Sequel a Classic
Go Set a Watchman
It brought us To Kill a Mockingbird
To kill two birds with one stone
Disappointing but not surprisingly so
Highly Anticipated but Fell Flat - Spoiler Alert
Nice conclusion, expected more however.
Mixed feelings
Harper Lee's follow up novel about life in the Deep South now set in the 1950's
There's an extraordinary story in this book that very few people seem willing to see.
Go Set A Watchman:  A waste of my time.
A universal tale of growing up and discovering your parent is human
The wisdom of a great lady.
Atticus was not a racist
A very very early precourser to greatness
Taking the book at face value
Two Distinct Purposes
Disappointing - pales in comparison to Mockingbird.
The Truth That Could Not Be Told
Interesting background information on some very familiar and beloved characters
Much more than what it seems on the surface
Just an okay read
Don't waste your money on this book
Scout has grown up and so have we
Disappointing
Don't bother
This was just an excellent read. It is unfortunate that Harper Lee did ...
It has its moments.....
Watchman is not Mockingbird; it's its own book.
A Difficult, Yet Worthwhile Pill to Swallow
There are many good, bad
Atticus Finch is not a Racist in this Book
New Life Lessons
Harper Lee is wonderful!
Not the Novel You Are Looking For
Eat Mockingbird First, Then Dine on Watchman as an Unsavory, yet Somewhat Satisfying Dessert
A well-done book for a more mature mind and heart
A great disappointment
don't bother with this one
No where close in the quality of writing style and ...
Keep in mind the world at the time of writing
By itself, not important; as a cultural counterpoint to "To Kill a Mockingbird," critical reading
thoughtful and well written
Interesting, but mostly like Watching Honey Drip
To Kill a Mockingbird will always be my favorite but this book was very interesting I didn't feel ...
Every man’s watchman is his conscience
Better than Mockingbird
Reads Like A First Draft
Excellent novel to read AFTER TKAMB. Definitely a good read, a must read for today's challenges.
Insconsistent style, flawed
It all makes sense.
Very Disappointing :(
As thought-provoking as Mockingbird, or more so
"The novel must tell a story." This one doesn't.
Harper Lee asks you to ask some hard questions
Thank you, Harper Lee – it was a privilege to read you for the first time again, and always
You'll Love This Novel: and Jean Louise is a Bit of a Slut!
An indepent Jean Louise
Watchman is a perfect, elegant and disturbing companion to Mockingbird
Time to see the real Atticus Finch
I was terribly disappointed in this book in fact I couldn't finish ...
Well worth waiting for
Go Set a Watchman
Not that good.
Disappointing
A waste of good reading time.
Disappointing
A Miss, not a Hit
Disappointed.
Unfinished book
I did not enjoy this book as much as "To Kill a Mockingbird"
'Scout'ing for a better story.
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
A Terrible Read
Go set a watchman
Flawed, unmoving--it's a first draft *SPOILERS*
So disappointing! How could Scout's uncle hit her? ...
I love Harper Lee!!!!!
Boring and Irrelevant
Support Your Local Library! DON'T Buy This Book!
Good for writing
A publishing debacle
FAIRLY GOOD BUT NEEDED WORK
Prequel as Sequel
Awful
One Star
Very disappointing
Awful
A disappointing read
Go Set a Watchman is a big disappointmen!
I suppose my expectations were just too high. "To ...
Great look at parental/adult child relationship
Very high four stars.... excellent but not without flaws
Disappointing
... To Kill A Mockingbird is one of my all-time favorite reads - but it just didn't live up to ...
Raspberry!
Although I like Harper Lee's writing style
I assume this is the worst rating I can give
Harper Lee still has only one great novel.
better written, flushed out
Disappointed
A nice story but an overall disappointment.
Read To Kill A Mockingbird BEFORE you read Go Set A Watchman
Scout grows up...
Disappointing. Didn't finish it. Thought I should own ...
Excellent insight into the thinking of Southerners in the 50's
This should have remained unpublished!
I enjoyed the book but when I finished it I had ...
Poor book, blatant money making
Disappointed
I love and hate Atticus
I loved it! I also understand why Harper Lee thought ...
Can't be the Same author as Mockingbird!
It surprised me
It was disingenuous at best.
Few writers succeed with the second novel and this is one example.
"Go Set a Watchman" is good story telling in that grand Southern tradition
Different
An inconsequential melodrama
What a bore.
If I'd never read it, it wouldn't be a great loss
" but found it boring, wordy
With this book we can now add Harper Lee to ...
Its not Mockingbird !
You Can Never Go Home
I must say I didn't enjoy this book as much as the famous To Kill ...
Disheartening
Don't waste your time
an excellent story well told
Go Set a Watchman
Some long and boring passages, some lively
Others before me here have given great synopses so I'm going to skip that part
Didn't live up to the hype.
A very good read.
Watchman Lacking
a good read but not great!
This story all came together in the last chapters. ...
GSAW Is Not Rocket Science
I thought she would be sadly disappointed at that point and the story would illustrate that ...
Not a good story
Powerful, and relevant to today's political climate. So glad Lee released GSaW!
evolution of a story
Too much Hipe for a disappointing book!
I wouldn't say what a disappointment, but what a difference from TKAM
Very interesting read, not as polished as the first but more realistic.
Watchman
I loved To Kill A Mockingbird growing up but found Go ...
Most disappointing
Not worth buying
It is worth a read to make up your own mind.
Harper Lee did not disappoint .
Read it for Scout perhaps instead of Atticus
Disappointing Read
Found the first part of the book very boring and the second part somewhat less boring
Classic Harper Lee
One Star
Read it yourself !
Oh, Harper...
A disappointment....
Written by whom?
Go set a watchman
the south on things like segregation, integration
Good but not as intimidating
I wouldn't recommend it.
I still love Scout. I cared for the characters and the ...
Disappointed
Did Atticus cave to the pressure?
There's a reason this was rejected years ago.
I'm Sorry Harper Lee Allowed Greedy Publishing To Forever Ruin Her Reputation - A Totally Mediocre Book
it could have been a fantastic book. Sad that a fantastic story was so ...
It probably would have been a better read had it had more editing for sentence structure
Liked the book.
There's a good reason Harper Lee chose to only publish To Kill a Mockingbird
A promising first draft
Boring.
the baptism and the holy ghost was really good!
First chapter - award winning. Downhill from there.
it was so boring. I guess having read To Kill A Mockingbird ...
Disappointed
this is overhyped and tremendously disappointing. how this was ...
Didn't really show me much different
"To Kill A Mockingbird" is my favorite book of all time and I this just destroyed ...
Not for me...
Good followup to a great book
An okay read
Will the real Atticus Finch please……
I enjoyed this book in spite of the controversy surrounding it
Not even close to the power and skill of Mockingbird
Not the masterpiece
... is going with this- but she is such a good writer you don't care
The Story Hits Home
Slapping Scout Finch: Thank you, Sir, may I have another?
Meh.
Attacus full circle
Unreadable mess.
It is too bad the Author's family did not understand that
A little disappointing
Go Set a Watchman
Good - but a lot of monologues
Implausible Watchman
A Huge Disappointment!!
Not a bad read, actually
Don't waste your time
for fear of destroying their love for Atticus Finch and To Kill a Mockingbird
Disappointing!
Worst book I've read this year
One Star
disappointing book.
Hated it. Had recently reread To Kill A Mockingbird ...
If ever a book needed a good editor, this is it
Not a good read!
Don't waste your money.
Wish I could unread it.
It just didn't seem to flow like "To Kill a Mockingbird" did
Another reviewer said that it is at best a very rough draft and I have to agree ...
It was a wonderful book! Glad I read it in spite of ...
A disappointing Experience
disappointed
I liked remembering the characters as they were
Disappointing Read
Go set a watchman on fire would be more like it.
Just Okay
Hard work for me.
I loved hearing Lee's voice again
Becoming human
Dont bother to read this book!
This was a tedious read. I felt as though I was trapped ...
Slightly disappointing.
I was sadly disappointed. Had this book been Harper Lee's first publication ...
A tale of two Atticuses (sorry not clear how to pluralize this!)
Despite signs of great promise, should have remained unpublished
They didn't publish it the first time and it shouldn't ...
Listening to some Republican backlash to this summer's decision has to be similar to Jean Louise's sitting in the balcony of the
Read it in one day!
Go Set A Watchman by Harper Lee should led to many conversations.
SO glad I Read this book for myself..
New character insights
I wish I hadn't read it
This is Merely "Mockingbird's" First Draft
Not as satisfying a book
A little disappointed..
Great book
Should Not Have Been Published
150 years and and equality is still not here
Glad I read, but disappointed.
Such a disappointment
I enjoyed knowing the characters in advance from To Kill a ...
Mockingbird Hater Shockingly Tolerates This
I think everyone needs to look deeper...
Go Set a Watchman -- not what was expected!
The first novel of a great writer
this book was a big disappointment. It is little wonder that the original manuscript ...
Interesting, though not in the same league as "Mockingbird"
Don't Bother Reading It
Necessary reading for what it shows about how writers develop their material
A little disappointing.
A Blessing
Not inspiring
Seems like money was the motivator here
Disappointing!
methinks that...
Disappointed
Very disappointing. Would have given it zero stars if ...
To Kill a Mockingbird is my favorite novel. So glad it was published before Watchman ...
Taints Lee's legend.
Harper Lee deserves better.
Another "Coming of Age" Story
Three Stars
The book is really slow moving... almost ...
Don't read the book
Laborious
I would recommend it!
Don't waste your time reading this book!
would not recommend to anyone who still holds "To Kill a Mockingbird" ...
I think it was a good thing that it was published before this one
Very disappointing
Don't Bother....
Interesting Beginning, Then Tedious
Dont judge the book before you read it
First, to be written in the mid 1950's, ...
I did not like the language she used and was very disappointed
I really enjoy the writing
Struggled to finish this book. Atticus was totally unlikeable ...
Left a bad taste in my mouth
Book is quite a disappointment. It reads like a teenage novel in many ...
Don't fall for the hype
To Kill A Mockingbird was better and I knew the story
What future does Maycomb have?
Disappointed
It is not Atticus!!
Go Set A Watchman
A great read of coming of age and addressing how Equaity issues were delt with in the South during that time period.
I totally love To Kill a Mockingbird and I just didn't want ...
No Mockingbird
Disappointing
Underwhelmed
Must read. the end.
but not quite as good and moving
Too much hype for this book
Well done!
It was a disappointment after reading the excellent "to kill a mockingbird "
So so book
Scout sells out
No where near as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
... and would have trashed it if I had not liked To Kill a Mockingbird
I thought this was a major disappointment. I would prefer to have not read it ...
Go Set A Watchman
Bad book!!!!!
I don't think she wrote this.
Not worth the read.
Meh
I really hate to rate this book because I have loved To ...
Great Book!!!
So sad
great story
Disappointed
A Classic
Charming, informative, witty and deep.
Disappointing
One Star
Punch her again please. Dumb characters.
Good but not what I expected
A sad sequel.
A Worthwhile Sometimes Funny, Sometimes More Complex Read.  Won't Take You Very Long.
but I really enjoyed it. Lee has a wonderful way of developing ...
Terrible book: writing
It is no To Kill a Mockingbird but I felt ...
it offers an inside look at what many good people in the South of the 40's and 50's ...
Some cute flashback sections of Scout as a kid, ...
Bummer
I am glad I read it
I enjoyed the first half much better than the second half
Don't bother reading this
There wasn't much of a plot, the characters were ...
Good story, fine writing but crummy paper quality of the actual book.
Pleasantly surprised
some of the pages were either not in order or ...
Not nearly as compelling as To Kill Mockingbird. Interesting ...
I didn't love this book
Wow
Disappointing
Disappointing 😞
Big Disappointment
Comparison-don't go there!
Not as good as her other book which is one of my ...
For the Love of Scout
Too bad it was " found"
Harper Lee book
Very disappointed. Can't believe Harper Lee wrote this book and ...
Save Your Money
Powerful, challenging companion-piece to MOCKINGBIRD
Unedited
Truth is hard.
Harper Lee's story not as good as Mockingbird.
most boring book i ever read
Watchman gives more than one lesson.
but loved this book
What a story!
Most interesting as a literary artifact. None of the ...
It was fascinating to read this and consider it the ...
Loved this book
My father is a person
Skip this book and just read "To Kill A Mockingbird"
A screed that should be called "Go Get an Editor"
A Product of its Time
Definitely worth reading
Poor Harper Lee..how could they do this to her??!
Missed the mark in so many ways.
... didn't grab me at all - Scout just seemed like a pain in the neck & the others didn't ...
I was very disappointed in this
I was disappointed. It lack the cannot wait to see what ...
Needed work, rewrites, and editing
Such a great read, wish Harper Lee had written much more
Taking that into account I enjoyed reading the book
SCAM
The author's writing is between good and okay
Not impressed
It reads like a term paper that written the night before it ...
I enjoyed the book until Scout's ending
We all grow up
If you want to kill a mockingbird, publish the first draft.
Now I understand why Harper Lee did not publish this ...
To Kill A Mockingbird is my favorite book. The writing was rough in this book
Short
ok, but not what i expected
Atticus is not a racist
Terrible
As much as people focus on the apparent change in ...
Decent but not 'To kill a Mockingbird'
A marketing success but no literary merit
it seemed to start out as an innocuous love story between Scout and her hometown sweetheart
Disappointed in this sequel
Disappointment
True feel of the old south
... odd to read a continuation of a story you loved so well
It's Not To Kill a Mockingbird, but it's a Good Read
Should not have been published
Nah
lalovesreading
I didn't enjoy it. It got a bit interesting about halfway ...
Good First Draft of TKAM, But Poor Sequel
It's the Same Atticus!
Does GSAW stand up to TKAM?
Was Okay but Was Also Disappointed
Somewhat disappointing
A disappointment
Not excited
... know other reviewers have not given this book a good review and I feel that isn't fair
Three Stars
the book seems like Harper Lee's notes printed
The author who wrote To Kill A Mockingbird could not ...
One Star
A blueprint of what was to come
I could kick myself for reading this
Thank God she wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
Disappointing
Not what I expected having waited so long for a ...
Well written but very disheartening to have my view of ...
an important book and good easy read
... as To Kill a Mockingbird is my all time favorite book. Was very disappionted
I find it hard to believe Harper Lee wrote this ...
Wouldn't recommend, it will ruin To Kill a Mockingbird for ...
Very confusing book!
I enjoyed the humor but also the insight into changing attitudes ...
My favorite of Ms. Lee's two novels.
is disappointed by his acceptance of structural prejudice and racism in ...
I tried (Spoiler Alert)
Nothing could top "Mockingbird," but this is a thoughtful, grown-up Scout and it was nice to see her again.
Tedious. The author used this book to rant
Not at all what I expected. I guess after ...
Disappointing Harper Lee
Great
unsettling.
Beautiful
Good book, but not a great one
A coming of age story redux
Worst book all year!
Good, but nothing close to gripping Mockingbird
It adds layers to Mockingbird.
Another look at the southern way of life by Harper Lee
No Second Novel Ever Had More To Live Up To Than "Go Set A Watchman
Naive, arrogant rant by Harper Lee.  Harper Collins deceived us all.
Why there is an abrupt change in the last part of the novel
Worshipping a Hero Requires Accepting Imperfection
It makes me think that her Editor was a MAJOR ...
To Kill A mockingbird was far and away the better book. I will read it again to override ...
WOW !!
I especially appreciated the book in the context of the ...
It is a little preachy and needed another round of editing but glad I read it
Glad I Read "Go Set A Watchman"
Coming of Age
Boring book
Good, bad, and the ugly
Two Stars
No comparison
Weak 1st Draft
A bit of a disappointment
This is not at all like her previous book
A Real Disappointment
If you must read it, check it out from a library!
Disappointing
Not bad for a first novel.
Watchman
A disappointment.
Not all it was hyped to be
Don't bother
Not what I'd hoped for.
Virtually unreadable. It's only interesting because you can see ...
I would not recommend the book
... To Kill A Mockingbird was one of my most favorite books of all-time
I liked it.
Gypped
Should not have seen the light of day as the author clearly intended
I was disappointed, but maybe my expectations were too high
Not as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
Very simple story. Only relevant because it was written ...
There is a very good reason this book went unpublished for 50+ years
Harper Lee is a great American writer and I can see why she did ...
I know, you just have to read this even if it sucks.
Sad that this was published
Compelling content but sometimes got lost
like visiting an old friend
Why the Tepid Reviews?
Read To Kill A Mockingbird first....
Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes
Half baked
I found it very slow and boring..
Mainly because I wasn't as bothered by it as I ...
Go Set a Watchman
The long awaited first book written by Harper Lee was ...
Can't recommend the book
Sad
Should have stayed in the safe deposit box...
It has certainly created a conversation!
I enjoyed it
Cheat an old lady
It is definitely not the sequel to the famous To Kill A Mockingbird
Treat Yourself: Read "Mockingbird" Again. Then Read "Go Set a Watchman"
Waste of money
Thought-provoking prequel to To Kill a Mockingbird
Two Stars
One Star
Rent. Don't buy.
Should not have been published.
I was disappointed with this book
it was great to have Amazon ship this book to me the ...
Disappointed Reader
Returned it as a 'protest'
This one could be skipped
Hmmm...
As a devotee of To Kill A Mockingbird, I ...
One Star
Bad narration
Big disappointment
So disappointing!
I was looking forward to reading this, but I ...
I loved To Kill a Mockingbird
No Disappointment
You can't go home again?
Disappointing
First half was very good even without a plot
Two Stars
Very sad
A interesting read
Mainly disappointing (and not just because Atticus is a racist)
I loved To Kill a Mockingbird
I was actually bored with it
Loved it.
Four Stars
I see why she didn't want it published after To ...
I am glad she wrote Mockingbird after
Reader Beware
this reads more like a statement about this summer's Supreme Court decision(s) than ...
A Sad Songbird
It was definitely the right choice to not publish this ...
I know writing styles come and go, but the ...
I dislike it so much I cannot get past page ten
A Good Read - Not a True Prequel or a Sequel, Though
Disappointing
Disappointing
Fine sequel
Not a good book. I made it less than halfway through ...
Loved it. Harper Lees style of writing is irresistible!
This book did not meet up to the expectations I ...
Do not read
The writing is not the same quality as Mockingbird but Harper Lee did a great job of taking me back to a time when ...
Go Set A Watchman
Worth your time
I really wanted to enjoy this book but I didn't
This book was very tedious and quite unrelated to To Kill A Mockingbird
Better than some
Not what you expect.
I was sorely disappointed that there was no explanation about Jem
Over Hyped
Scout / A Woman in the 50's
can't recommend it
This was not a good sequel to the movie,To kill a mockingbird, but...
Excellent way to spend an afternoon...reading Watchman....
Not exactly what I expected
I really did NOT care for this book, but ...
One Star
She is a very great writer. The ending was odd though
Must read To Killl a Mockingbird also!
Heart Transplant
Is the sequel equal to the original?
Great sense of place and people
Jean Louse Fince grows up
One Star
Anticipated a good read that was so very disappointing.
nothing happens
Maybe I expected more after reading To Kill a Mocking ...
Two Stars
Wonderful!
I really enjoyed it because I took it in the proper context
A good read
"To Kill a Mockingbird" was a classic and should have been left to stand alone.
Two Stars
not as big a deal as you would think
... right away because To Kill a Mockingbird is my favorite book. This book was a bit of a ...
Thomas Wolfe was right: Neither Scout nor the reader can go home again
This book is an honest look of a southern cotton town in the middle 1960s
Two Stars
I liked the book as it took a realistic look at ...
How did the author come up with such an unusual title?
Disappointment
Disrespectful
Disappointing read.
I loved it. Her rhythm of writing is still apparent
Revisiting the Past
no great challenges facing characters
Sorry I Bought It
Tedious and boring
One Star
Not Mockingbird, but....
Took me a looooooooong time to get through this book because of the "twists" that were more like "meanders" which kept me not gu
not in a good sense, just not believable
No Wonder it went unpublished.
disappointing
His grown daughter's surprise and disappointment with him also makes perfect sense
the story provides beautiful insight into how we need to adjust when we ...
Slow getting to good part. Other book of Lee's much better
The conversations between Scout and Atticus seemed nonsensical to me ...
Four Stars
she took what was good and holy and gave us ugly sin
Fèeling ripped off.
Shameful that author's agents and attorney let this first draft out as a "novel."
Three Stars
Understanding bigotry is understanding ourselves.
More about the publisher than the author.
I find it very sad that this book was published well after the author ...
You'll Scout all over.
Old stuff
It's okay
To Kill a Masterpiece
One Star
Two Stars
Worth a read
The sections where Scout remembered incidents from her childhood were great. The rest of the book was nonsense
A worthwhile read.
boring, and annoying
Good read!
Don't waste your time or money!
Blinked and missed the plot
Expected More
I truly enjoyed this book. Everyone could benefit from reading it
and that I was prepared to hate Atticus Finch
Two Stars
I found it to be a good read, and consistent with the characters in To ...
Atticus Revisited
Save Your Money
An era forgotten
More of  Polemic About the Modern South than a Novel
good to look back at the time
I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR READING
Eye opening and engaging novel
Three Stars
Not a To Kill a Mockingbird!
One Star
Three Stars
Half good
Book was OK I loved To Kill A Mockingbird so was disappointed some with ...
I wanted to shake Scout, but didn't have to ...
With all the hype, I was expecting more
Five Stars
One Star
Disappointed
Scout grows up
Second worst
It will eventually turn out not to be Harper Lees ...
... book dragged on and some of the flashbacks were pretty
Meh.
One Star
A Study of Character
If you want to preserve your vision of Maycomb, ...
I anticipated this book with such pleasure...
Coming Home
Flawed but Worthy
she has none of the charm of the child we loved in "To Kill a Mockingbird"
just couldn't get in to it.
Five Stars
good story
It is by far the best portions of this book
One Star
Disappointing
To the disappointed
Atticus' justification for being a part of the "anti-NAACP" meeting wasn't good enough. That kept me from rating the book ...
A conflict of ideas leads to ultimate satisfaction
Good read
A wonderful book...
An interesting twist to an old story
Terrible
Three Stars
Couldn't even finish it.
Harper Lee
Painful and sad
It was a nice follow-up.  Nothing special. I was a little disappointed.
Wish I Could Write A Better Review.
Maycomb in shades of grey
Three Stars
Mundane
Disappointing
Adds depth to Mockingbird
Like To Kill a Mockingbird
Thank goodness for rewrites.
Good read.
This reads exactly like what it is
Harper Lee what a writer!
Nice writing
Did Harper Lee really write this?
Scout grows up!
Prism of Understanding
OPPOSING VIEWS DON'T MAKE ONE AN ENEMY.
Growing Up
Recommend Watchman IF you have read Mockingbird
A disappointment
Two Stars
One Star
Almost as good as "Mockingbird"
with people stating they were disappointed by the character of Atticus
WATCHMAN Fails to Meet The Hype
Doesn't seem right to publish this story
One Star
To appreciate Go Set a Watchman you probably should have ...
Three Stars
One Star
Five Stars
I loved "Go Set a Watchman"
I enjoyed it
No as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
One Star
I love the coming of age that a daughter experiences about ...
Money hungry publisher
Glad I borrowed it from the library instead of running ...
... this newly discovered book by Harper Lee wasn't any good but I really liked it
What a disappointment! I hated this book as much as I ...
Disturbing and provocative, raises questions that need to be examined by each of us today.
Anymore, it's all about the money
Not worth your money
to have a book published when you're 89 is wonderful by itself
Four Stars
Four Stars
A good read in in itself but not as good as ...
A sad short story
What's the chances two multimillion best selling authors are friends who hail from the same ...
Great Author, Not Her Best Work
Disappointing effort
I loved "To Kill a Mockingbird"
TERRIBLE READ
it is a great novel about post World War II Alabama
Welcome back Harper Lee!
We are the "watchmen"
Sorry I bought it. Feel duped by publisher. ...
Huge disappointment
Four Stars
Two Stars
very disappointed with this book
A wothwile read
"Go Set a Watchman"
4.5 Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Not bad, but not as good as To Kill a Mockingbird
I was disappointed in the book and story overall
disappointing
One Star
Early Harper Lee - Worth a Cautious Read
Go Set a Watchman to tell everyone to read this book.
It is a very good window into small-town southern attitudes before the civil rights ...
big disappointment
Not up to mockingbird standards but still a good tale.
Review of Go Set a Watchman
Very Disappointed. More like a rough draft.
the mystery of success and failure of history
An outstanding exploration of what it means both to be human and to be a Southerner
I had a hard time keeping up with who's who ...
disappointing
An uncomfortable read
Like Scout I was very disappointed in Atticus and his ...
As Good As the FIrst
Great for fans of To Kill a Mockingbird, a good read for others
One Star
Thanks, Editor
Two Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Scout grows up
GO SET A WATCHMAN HAS VALUE
Jean Louise is A "Right Peculiar" Girl - Opinionated and Passionate
Go Set a Watchman on Fire
I guess I had high expecations after her other novel ...
Don't Waste Your Time!
Scout comes of age.
Interesting, but can't compare with To Kill a Mockingbird.
One Star
One Star
Can't tell you how disappointed I was
If you loved To Kill A Mockingbird, DO NOT READ THIS BOOK
What a disappointment! It was dull
The best word to describe this book is boring
OK, book, but not nearly up to the standard of Mockingbird.
Two Stars
One Star
One Star
Unfortunate situation
Two Stars
One Star
Go Set a Watchman
SCAM Go set a Watchman SCAM
Good But No Mockingbird
Go Set a Watchman
After so many years had passed it seemed like Ms. Lee didn't let you get closer than ...
I'm happy to report that my aforementioned concerns were wrong
Disapponting
Wandering Plot
A slice of the south from a voice from the past
ITS A DRAFT
Skip the first half, but read to the end.
Welcome back.
Had a little problem dealing with this book.
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
one star
book review
Such a disappoint. "To Kill a Mockingbird" it is
Great novel
My bookclub shared my disappointment with Go Set a Watchman
I enjoyed the book
Instead of this, go get To Kill a Mockingbird and read it again.
Book should have never been released
Thought provoking
The story starts out slow and is much less interesting ...
Disappointment
Unimpressed.....a waste of time
Just read the book already!
Is this book a hoax?
Too emotional. The story is more of an argument ...
One Star
So bummed... lost inerest in the book ...
an excellent supplement to TKAMB
The storyteller is back...
Worth the Read
Disappointed
Enjoyed it more than I thought I would...
Unpolished
Excellent!
A Southern Experience not unlike the South of Today
I am a little sad this book was published as it is clearly a ...
I have heard someone say that H. Lee has ...
I say allegedly as it really is hard to accept Watchman was Lee's first manuscript when Arricis' beliefs appear so contrary to t
This is a REJECTED MANUSCRIPT. Published shortly after Alice ...
Written in time past; relative to today
Watchman a great peek behind the curtain in the making of Mockingbird.
Not worth the read
Don't waste your money
Two Stars
OK
Not as bad as some of the reviews I read
Loss of inspirational message from To Kill a Mockingbird
Enjoyable and important read
Many have criticized this book because of Atticus' transformation but ...
Worth Waiting For!
Interesting companion
It a great book when read as an adult looking back
A polemic-not a novel
A Lot Less Plot Than "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Boring
Disappointing
Re-read "to kill a mockingbird". Her far superior novel.
... was hard to finish this book and was a disappointment.
Three Stars
Interesting perspective: the writer developing
I am glad to have read it
I loved TKAM. TSAW did not disappoint
Okay read.
Save your time and money
Wanted to like it better than I did.
mixed
I like it!
The story ends abruptly and the writing throughout is poor. Why didn't she let it lie in the ...
Watchman has fallen asleep
A lifeless manuscript that should never have been published.
Very Disappointed
I Got Mine
More disappointing than I ever expected.
Don't bother
Didn't finish it... forget why but it ...
Three Stars
Glad when it was over
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Worth your time to read this book!
One Star
Good story, absolutely "of the time" it was written ...
Very good on it's own
This book reads like a draft of "To Kill A Mockingbird
Sadly unfinished
quite boring at times
Glad I read this.
not worth the time
Though she is dealing with great disillusionment, I think the way Harper Lee finishes ...
I am glad to have the book but I am not sure ...
It's Worth Reading
Suffer from insomnia?  Here's the answer, try reading this book.
A worthy companion piece
"Mockingbird" a much better book. "Watchman" interesting but not a nobel prize ...
the novel portrays Atticus in such a different light that true fans will exclaim that this version isn't the Atticus that they k
Worth reading but beware this will probably taint your opinion of your favourite Mockingbird characters
Not a bad book, but one should not judge it based ...
Harper Lee shows herself to be a developing writer when ...
Interesting, but I sincerely hope that it possibly is ...
I'm glad I read this book
Wonderful!
It's OK, but it's not "To Kill a Mockingbird."
I thought it was terrible and did not finish the
Good read. Not the quality of To Kill A ...
Three Stars
Disappointing
Worth a read
Good read and I do recommend that people read it
An enjoyable read.
Disappointing.
Public ripoff and injustice to Harper Lee
Don't read reviews. Read the book instead.
A Gifted Harper Lee
Should have never been published
Do This as A Second read
Put a new frame around it, Scout
Three Stars
Confusing, not Memorable
Four Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Two Stars
Harper Lee is a great writer! Love this book
I definitely think this novel was written after To Kill ...
Great to hear that voice again
I do enjoy many of Lee's visuals
Go Set a Watchman
Overrated
I was very disappointed. As To Kill a Mockingbird is one of ...
Some good parts...some not
Disappointment
Yes, Do Read The Book!
but I very much enjoyed the read
The Bar Was Just Too High
I love the original
Been listening to the Kindle version all day at work ...
I enjoyed this book
One Star
doesn't live up.
Just okay!
Four Stars
Comparing Two Good Books
I am glad I'm reading it!
Go Set a Watchman
Flashback sequences are fantastic and in line with the genius that is "To ...
ATTICUS WAS NOT A BIGOT!
Worth Looking In To
was disappointed. I wont spoil it for anyone and give ...
Harper Lee 's first book is a must read.
One Star
One Star
Not disappointed, but even worse than I expected
not Mockingbird....duh
Scout is able to see both her father and the system from the outside and it is a painful time for her
uch
Atticus Not A Racist
Sorry I bought it
In a word:  Complex
I did enjoy this book
very disappointed in this book
Get It From The Library
One Star
It's truly a good thing it wasn't published first
I was disappointed in the book
Scout Grows Up
Not a perquil!
This story by Harper brings pretty much to closure
I definitely recommend this to anyone
One Star
starts out much like mockingbird, reminiscing about her childhood
Glad She Went For A Do-Over
Too bad this was published when the author apparently didn't want it to be.
What a treat, fifty years after To Kill a ...
a good read with a rather abrupt ending
Agree with the one star reviewers
HarperLee the novel she took so long to publish.
If you read Mockingbird and loved it, then you must read Watchman
Insightful work by Harper Lee
I loved Jean Louise's character
So so review
Not as good as I'd hoped
Editor Needed!
Oh Atticus!
Not polished but smart.
To Kill a Mockingbird was excellent and from what I understand (may be rumor) she ...
To kill a mockingbird is a great story. Go set a watchman is political rhetoric ...
The dialogue is excellent which would easily transfer to a screenplay but the ...
Once You Come To Terms With What It Is, “Watchman” Is A Compelling Read
On my Keeper shelf  now
Holding onto Love in the midst of extream Trial.
"Don't prejudge this book! There is more to it than meets the eye."
Returning to Maycomb, Alabama
Atticus in Eclipse
The Book That Killed The Mockingbird
How Do We React When Our Parents Disappoint Us?
New material in Ms. Harper Lee's extraordinary Voice!
The Amazing Atticus
I'm afraid that this publication was a huge mistake as ...
Another Timeless Story by a Timeless Author
The characters are flawed but I enjoyed reading the book
Interesting how - though written in the 1950s - the ...
Two Stars
Go set a time to read this book!
Don't waste your time reading WAtchman!!!
Quite a great book! What if it had been published first
Loved it
I was worried I would be disappointed
A high hurdle to jump
Though the quality and clarity of the writing does not ...
Not a favorite.
Wish I did not read.
This is one of the worst books I have ever read
Five Stars
Three Stars
Disappointed but glad I read it!
Don't waste your time
Glad Mockingbird made the cut and this didn't
One Star
Disappointing
Not that great.
Two Stars
Disappointing.
Anticipation far outweighed enjoyment of reading the book
I am a human being.
It was obviously a first novel. I thought it ...
Only for a certain few.
What took so long?
oh my I really loved this book it was such a great story
Watchman is a page turner!
By reading this book it's easy to see why the editors wanted Harper Lee to ...
Solid
Seems Go Set a Watchman- the author's first novel attempt- ...
so when I started reading this I thought it read just like the kind of writing that many writers assemble when ...
Go Set a Waychman
Amazing
Was excited, then disappointed
Go Set a Watchman gives me a better understanding of how difficult it's been for Americans to ...
Five Stars
One Star
Don't read it.
Two Stars
Three Stars
A Little Disappointing
I loved this book because it reminds us that
I loved To Kill a Mockingbird
Go Set A Watchman is not a disappointment because of the more realistic view of Atticus
" Almost like a short prelude to M
Re-read the Original!
Set your expectations low and be rewarded
Still Love Harper Even Though
Scout all grown up
contrasted with the wonderful narration of TKAM
I liked the book, myself
Loved the first book
Would probably not have Been Published...
I enjoyed it so much it left me wanting more of ...
A reminder that none of us is perfect
Disappointing Harper Lee First endeavor
Surprised...
I guess I was a little disappointed in this sequel
I felt disappointed to read rather than imagine what motivated Scout
A mostly boring story with flashes of insight
Greed killed the Mockingbird
Good but not great.
Painful and profound
I was bored after the first third of the book but keep ...
Go Set A Watchman
Fine Writing, Sad Scripting
To Kill a Mockingbird has been very close to my ...
Insightful.
A "Should Read".
Ok, not great
The fabric of the story unfolds comfortably. I enjoyed the book despite a few slow-paced ...
I was disappointed by the long speeches given by Scout towards the ...
Susan
Disappointment
One Star
One Star
Three Stars
Atticus is a bigot?
Three Stars
One Star
Worth reading
Not another "To Kill a Mockingbird,' but worth still worth the read.
Closure
A wonderful and mighty story
I was somewhat disappointed. I read it after I reread To Kill ...
Disappointing
A disservice to a beloved author?
Go Set A Watchman
Go Set A Watchman
Not up to its publicity
although not as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
Don't decide against reading this book.
in my opinion there would need to have been three ...
Not that impressed
Required reading
Go Set a Watchman
Two Stars
Three Stars
Just read it.
I loved watching the characters
summer reader
... it to To Kill a Mockingbird which was far better written and of course a classic
To Kill a Mockingbird
The book was a great disappointment.
One Star
One Star
I really wanted to like
One Star
Poor Harper Lee.  This book should never have been published.
a good read.
Drivel
Good read
A Hot Mess
There was a time
Great Book!!
Underwhelming
A read to look forward to.
Harper Lee does it again!
Nice visit but I wouldn't want to live there.
Required Reading
All in all a good book
The more I read the more disappointed I became
I found the book to be just ok. Some ...
Predictable classic read
Harper Lee visionary
Boring and Senseless
Stick with To Kill a Mockingbird.
Go Set A Watchman
Can You Top This?
Not as good as I wanted it to be
I thought it was good. Made more sense when I realized that this ...
I do n't have the same approach to prejudgment as ...
Another Harper Lee Success
A Cultural Lesson
Remarkable Author
A good, quick read but no where near the impact ...
Solid book on its own. By the end, ...
Difficult read
Disappointing
I enjoyed it and found it humbling
Thought Provoking
Disappointed.
Lee is in poor health and may have been coerced into releasing it ...
To Kill A Mockingbird was much better, this book is out dated and does not ...
Its a good book by a " southern writer" that is very ...
GO SET A WATCHMAN BOOK REVIEW
Atticus OK; Jean Louise Not So Much
Sometimes a manuscript, in the hand of one man, is worse than a whiskey bottle in the hand of another.
with a wonderful rendering of Scout’s unconventional life anchoring it
It was just OK
Amazing tale of becoming a woman
True to life follow-up on an American classic
Unimpressive, one of the great marketing hoaxes in the 21st century
IT wasn't the greatest book I have read but it was not the ...
Could have been great, but it needed some rewrites
Three Stars
meh
Five Stars
Missing something
which is a much better book.
AS IT SHOULD BE...
It had portions that clearly showcase the brilliance of her ...
The first third was laugh-out-loud funny in sections
Medium.
Recommenc You Save Your Money!
Ok I got suckered into buying a memory. Don't ...
Wow!
Go set a Watchman
I was disappointed in the overall story
She certainly can write
Poor development!
Sort of a Let Down
It is very good and I enjoyed it
Depressed
... in character development and story pace - and almost tiresome in it's repetition and pace at times
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Amazingly good writing! It went by too quickly.
Not an absolution or resolution
Harper Lee's first book.
Not a great book but not bad.
its not like Atticus is the Grand Wizard or anything.
Great Read!
I was skeptical as I'm sure many people who love To Kill a Mocking Bird are
Boring, but still worth reading.
Not just a "prequel"
Wish I had this as a coming of age book ...
but I am bored. Maybe I will put aside for a few ...
the joy of "To Kill a Mockingbird" set my expectations high ...
it did so without painting the kind of wonderful story the first book offered
Essenti commentary on social issues
I did not like this book I kept wondering who really wrote it
Engaging ... Enlightening ... The spark of genius
I enjoyed it...
Great Read -- Read Mockingbird First
One Star
Very boring. I did not finish book
Two Stars
boring : (.
Very disappointed
Super Mockingbird sequel.
Death of a Hero
Wouldn't recommend it but am glad I read it
Et tu Atticus?
Watchman
I'm not sure Harper lee WROTE this??? ...
Okay
Started reading at 11pm, and could not put it down!
I've never been so disappointed in a book
Not particularly. The writing in the beginning was not ...
As Though Written By A Different Author
Clearly disappointing
good read
curious as most are - a bit disappointed - didn't flow well and characters were not crisp
Thanks again, Ms. Lee
I will never, never believe that Harper Lee wrote ...
Such a disappointment. Pre-ordered and was so excited as I loved ...
Harper Lee
Very disappointed.
Thin plot; writing shows how much the editor's hand ...
A disappointment
Mystery solved! Lee wrote "Watchman;" "edited" by Capote to become "TKAM"
Mercenary
Interesting read
Scout has grown into an adult and her real name, Jean Louise
Thank you Harper Lee
I was expecting to be blown away the same as ...
I was interested mostly because of my admiration for To ...
NOT AS GOOD AS TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD!!
Disappointed
Two Stars
One Star
One Star
Two Stars
Four Stars
Real Life
Two Stars
Very disappointed with book
I wish she had stopped writing about Atticus Finch after ...
It is difficult to read this novel and keep it ...
Interesting
Return to Maycomb
A Beautifully Rendered Fall From Grace
Go set a watchman
Don't expect Mockingbird
Something is fishy here,
Thought-provoking, powerful
A lot like its predecessor
it was good that To Kill a Mockingbird came out first
Would like to have the book
https: //www. amazon. com/gp/customer-reviews/review-your-purchases?
Sometimes you should leave 'em wanting more
Two Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Two Stars
Harper Lee conveys honesty about the beliefs and concerns that existed in the South after the Supreme Court ruling to integrate
Overrated
Not a favorite of mine
A great book, however "To Kill A Mockingbird" must be ...
I really can't rate this because it was purchased as ...
Read it!
The first half of the book was good and kept my interest
as the snippets of review seemed shocked and disappointed in the character of Atticus
A sad addition to the "To Kill a Mockingbird" script.
Read it for what it is: a first work - a draft of better yet to come
Relevant to current events
I am pretty cynical about the provenance of this book
Excellent follow up to To Kill A Mockingbird
Not as good as good as 'To Kill A Mocking Bird' but ...
Interesting but not anywhere near as good as Mockingbird
Thank God To Kill a Mockingbird came first!
There's a good reason this was initially rejected
Deeply Intimate
Raw and real. Exceeded my expectations.
"The ending more or less leaves Scout to deal with ...
Insight
A Must Read
Finally, the sequel!
Couldn't even get through to finish and friends thought the same thing!
Two Stars
Disturbing
Good read
Three Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Disappointed. I am aware the author had rewritten this ...
Enjoyed it and glad it was published
There were parts that were a bit of a shock ...
Scout grown up
Pleasantly surprised after hearing such mixed reviews... ...
I prefer To Kill A Mockingbird
Disappointing character development
It was a good follow up to "To Kill a Mockingbird" but if ...
If you loved To Kill A Mockingbird, skip this one
There is no North or  South.
Watch Out
WHO WROTE THIS NOVEL?
Caught my attention at the beginning
Worth reading
Worth the read but not as good as the first.
Stands well on its own
This book is brilliant. This young woman
Total Waste of  Money
Glad that she will be most remembered for To Kill ...
and I loved it.
Meaningless if you haven't read and loved To Kills Mockingbird
Anyone from the south can say they have an older relative they love and admire
Fantastic
The Original Mockingbird
Worth waiting for!
Timeless themes
Having just read To Kill a Mocking Bird, and ...
So-so
Choose another book
Good book for discussion especially if "To Kill A Mockingbird" ...
The writing is good, but there isn't much substance to the story
Second to To Tkill a Mockingbird.
better than I expected
I would not recommend it maybe if I lived during this time I ...
This book is poorly written with one-dimensional characters. Do not waste your money or time on it.
A time of hope????
DISAPPOINTED
understanding of each culture and bringing people together with God's love.
I could not wait to read this sequel novel following Scout into adulthood and I was not disappointed. Scout is as impetuous as e
Great Follow-Up
Big Let Down
So hard to read
Needs Editing
Slow moving read
Definitely not To Kill a Mockingbird
The first part of the book is very slow, ...
Big disappointment!
go set a watchman
I loved to kill a mockingbird
I was surprised how much I enjoyed this after all the negative comments I had read
Not so much shocking, as boring.
Not what I expected. The characters have evolved into ...
I liked Scout (Jean Louise's) efforts to find her way when ...
Was pretty slow getting started
Inconsistent with flashes of brilliance. Worth reading
Five Stars
Three Stars
really bad
No one is perfect. I really liked it and wish we had ...
Go Set a Watchman
Plain that this was a first draft, lacks entirely ...
I was very disappointed in this book
Good read
Would have made a decent short story as a sequel
Too Bad It Wasn't Edited More -- Could Have Been a Great Book
too dull for me
I wanted more from this book.
Interesting read
Disappointing
Jean Louise is a true hero in this book. ...
DON"T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME
Good first novel.
Ok, not the great or stunning book I'd expected
I liked 'to Kill A Mockingbird' and read it several times
Too Little, Too Late
Doesn't seem to b of Ms Lee's caliber
Disappointed.
Good but not great
Not the best book but surely not the worse I hi
Easy reading, with an unfortunately still current controversy.
I wish we had more of Harper Lee's writing to enjoy..
I didn't like this book particularly well
Didn't quite make the grade
The book was a little tough to get into at ...
Lee understands human emotion, with its learned prejudices, ...
Not as good as I'd hoped
Don't waste your money!
One Star
Letdown!
don't buy the hype
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Sharing Scout's Betrayal.
Go Scout!
since it was a 'literary event' and "To Kill a Mockingbird" is one of my all-time favorite books. However
I Lame
Very Different Perspective
Dissapointed and underwhelmed
Two Stars
Terrible. And a terrible disappointment.
Beautifully & Timelessly Written
Interesting
Hmmm....
A first-draft novel of Value!
It will ruin your love of To Kill a Mockingbird
I enjoyed the read and recommend it without reservation
Reece does a great job narrating the book
Scout must grow up and think for herself
Liked
Good book about broken illusions
If this was published before "To kill a mockingbird, ...
Good ending
... Set a Watchman but was left feeling a bit disappointed. The book seem unorganized and confusing
I was a bit disappointed. It read fairly well - a little melodramatic ...
I am glad I read it
A little disappointed
A mixed review
A thoughtful read for a southern child of the 50's and 60's
I had hoped that it would be as good or better than "To Kill a Mockingbird" but it ...
Scout Grows Up and Learns Truth
I enjoyed it. I reread To Kill a Mocking Bird ...
Somewhat disappointing.
Not as good as To Kill a Mockingbird
Not as suspenseful as anticipated.
Scout's tirade
Wonderful!!!
Do not buy this book.
it could not come at a better time in American social history with the problem of ...
Full of thoughtful dialogue
Only OK
Two Stars
One Star
One Star
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
I was somewhat disappointed, over all it was a writing that skipped ...
Glad it was rewritten
One Star
Five Stars
Scout became a social elitest!
I so enjoyed Too Kill a Mockingbird is the reason I purchased ...
I enjoyed reading this novel and love how it all ties ...
not as bad as I expected
Go Set A Watchman
Thought provoking and also humorous!
Would have given it 5 stars but the characters weren't ...
Publishers have killed a Mockingbird!
As she meant the story to go
Be prepared
"Mockingbird" enlarged
It must have taken the world's greatest editor to see "Mockingbird" somewhere in this unedited mess
This was not my favorite book. It had a couple of cute stories ...
It got sermony/speechy as it went on and I got bored. In the beginning
I think it's because of this that I enjoyed the story so much
Good read. A more racially realistic 1950s sequel to ...
Excellent Follow Up to Mockingbird; but Very Different.
I gave this four stars for the book getting bogged down in two late chapters with assorted moralizing
It's no Harper Lee
One Star
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
I hope Harper enjoys all the money she made from ...
I thought I would give Harper Lee another chance and ...
Since To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the greatest novels ever
Intriguing, thought provoking, ahead of her time
Excellent story with good description of the hardships and thoughts ...
I thought is rambled and wasted a lot of time getting to the point
Excellent! And very appropriate for all that's going on ...
I think Uncle Jack was the best character in the book
No one in book club really enjoyed this book and we all really were looking forward ...
I enjoyed the book very much
Best of all reading Go set a Watchman made me ...
Better left unpublished?
Don't Dismiss This Book
Anne of Monza
AWFUL!!!!
Thought provoking and an outstanding read
A POIGNANT SNAPSHOT OF A TIME AND PLACE
I loved this book
I may have enjoyed this book more
The best parts were Jean Louise's recollections of her childhood
The novel has lots of the southern humor and charm ...
Great insights into the "Southern" way of life and vexing ...
Disappointed
I was a little disappointed in the ending as it did not seem related ...
Three Stars
A Disappointment .....
Not a great book
Not worth all the hype!
A Must Read
like Scout, you are committed to your world view ...
Book review
I was very worried that I would be extremely disappointed, especially after reading warnings about Atticus being a ...
Not as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
I think the book was very interesting, although you ...
Worthy of Many Discussions
I'm glad I read this
Nice Try But...
Did not read like Harper Lee's work.
... own life and the loves of the people she loved
Not too exciting-but I'm glad I read it
Quite a surprise ending and with such a southern flavor ...
Still enjoyed the quick read
Watchman comes from the same point of view as Mockingbird ...
Warm, readable, but sometimes like a term paper finished on the due date
I liked the storyline and was a fast read
you can tell this was Harper Lee's first book because ...
One Star
One Star
Two Stars
Four Stars
A solid book, a story well told.
It's a useful novel
I was disappointed. I could hardly wait to finish it
Blah!
Read this book.
I love the way Harper Lee writes
I liked it a lot and did not think I would ...
Not sure how I feel completely...
It is a bit hard to get in to. ...
Don't bother buying or reading
It's no "To Kill A Mockingbird."
Not her best
Best part of this is a short childhood memoir
NOT A SEQUEL
Glad I re-read To Kill a Mockingbird prior to this ...
I thought I wasn't going to like this book because of racist reviews that I had ...
A Deeper Look At A Beloved Set Of Characters
Makes you want to think about things, even if the thinking may cause you discomfort.
Watchman forces us to watch heroes fall, rediscover the beginnings of bigotry and prejudice, and to reassess small town survival
Book club read, maybe 2.5 stars.
This book is so full of surprises and the overall moral of the story is so dark and pretty tragic. Here we follow Jean Louise Fi
A fitting sequel to "Mockingbird" from a mature Scout's point ...
Will continue to watch "Watchman"
Did Not Have A Strong Story Line!
If you don't think of Watchman as a sequel or ...
This book stimulates deep thinking. It was not a ...
A Good Read
Disappointing
A compelling coming-of-age story that completes the transformation of young ...
Disappointing, uninspired
A disappointment. Totally unexpected from remembering "To Kill a Mocking ...
I was disappointed but In all fairness this was a first work
CkcA good read
Characters grow up.
Steve's Review
Interesting
I was disappointed in this book
timeless piece of literature
Wonderful flashbacks though into Scout's childhood
Don't expect mockingbird
Not too bad
Lee's first book is a favorite of mine and when I heard her second book ...
Not Worth The Effort
Sequel
The story is outdated. Disappointing in fact. No ...
Unhappy
Not an excellent prequel.
No "Mockingbird "
Wasn't surprised, but understand how the *racist* description could ...
Interesting
One Star
Two Stars
One Star
Very disappointed in this book
This book was never meant to be published. Some ...
Review of To Set a Watchman
Just got the CDs and have not finished them yet ...
I didn't expect this book to be as good a read as "To Kill a Mockingbird" and I ...
Just not very good
A terrible diservice to Ms. Lee
Glad I read it.
Watchman is disappointing
This is no "To Kill a Mockingbird"! The book ...
Found the book rather boring. Loved To Kill a Mockingbird
Someone needs to pay attention
there is more to this book than Atticus
Never caught my interest
Get the Audible version - Reese Witherspoon does a fantastic job
For any long-time fan of To Kill a Mockingbird, ...
Save your money.
definitely a disappointment I'm very sorry to say
The mood was not comfortable and, therefore
Interesting for what it is, not its story
pretty good read, I think!
Not "To Kill A Mockingbird". Still it says a ...
I was a little disappointed as I had hoped for a "happily ever after" ...
I was disappointed in the book
Awesome
Oh my...
Loved knowing adult Scout
No real ending
Good story that holds your attention
A little disappointed
enjoyed it so much
Don't waste your time
Disappointed
It was slow and extremely boring to the point I could not read past the ...
Another great work by Harper Lee
It was a really good and easy read
I'm glad I read the book
Easy read; excellent depiction of growing up and the ...
Great Read
A good story about coming of age and relying on your ...
This is not To Kill a Mockingbird and I understand ...
and sweet ole boyfriend to e
Great writing by the author
Depth added to characters
The hardcover is quite nice but the pages are very frayed around the edges
This book was a disappointment to me
Loved this book --- liked it even more than To ...
Three Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Go Set a Watchman....look at your watch
Five Stars
A pointless effort by a good writer. Just remember that this was a rejected ...
Four Stars
So sad...so bad.
Atticus:  Racist or not??
It was wonderful. I am now going to read "To Kill ...
Poor Book
Very good and a great accompaniment for To Kill a Mocking Bird
i was kind of disheartened some as after reading her to Kill a Mocking bird was very different but a very good southern writer s
Not worth the time.
Not a classic but didn't expect that. Entertaining look ...
... Mockingbird is difficult to beat and will remain my favorite book of all time
Disappointing story. If I had read this book before ...
We've lost Atticus but gained a greater truth about ourselves.
It was a good read but not in the league of it's predecessor
Another, please
I really really really wanted to love this book
A beautifully intellectual masterpiece contrasted by a simplistic elegance
Would not recommend, except if you are satisfying a curiosity
Loving Harper Lee
Everything falls short of "To Kill A Mockingbird" and this ...
"Go Set a Watchman "wasn't as good as I expected
I know it's been called a "prequel" in the sense ...
Kind of a letdown
If you want to read Harper Lee, just read or re-read To Kill a Mockingbird
Go Set a Watchman,  a look into the South
Very disappointing Too much rambling on with out making a ...
... story but at times I found it a bit tedious. I am not sure why it was so ...
Please see my essay, "Facts, Fictiion, and ...
Still enjoyed it and appreciate it for what it is
I enjoyed most of it
Great read
Eh, It's OK
Good depiction of the South during the 1950's
Four Stars
Not at all what I was hoping for. I ...
First hundred pages were boring but after that the story came together
Good For a Curiosity
We were glad we read it
Since I loved "To Kill a Mockingbird" I was excited to read ...
A very worthwhile read
Finished it only out of duty
Go set a watchman
Time to grow up!
A rare and powerful look inside the personalities from Mockingbird - and of the South in it's greatest transition.
It works
A Good Farewell to Maycomb
I was disappointed in the the Atticus Finch character development
I had higher expectations--To Kill a Mockingbird is beautifully written! This book felt unfinished and unpolished when ...
Three Stars
One Star
Very disappointing
One Star
Two Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Two Stars
Some things should be left unsaid, or published
disappointing read
Expected more...
Enjoyed the experience
I would recommend the reader to see the movie (or read the ...
Disappointment
A disappointment.
I read 4 pages of this book. I found ...
Disappointing
Should not have been published.
I'm glad that I read the book due to its notoriety
Just OK...
BORING! Don't bother
Scout Grows Up
Absolutely not worth reading. Without Harper Lee name attasched ...
Fast reading - but liked it. You had to take yourself back to ...
Disappointing
Set a Watchman
I was very disappointed in this book
I was anxious to get it but it is so ...
A good follow up to "Mockingbird"
I was disappointed in this book
Ok read
A different take for sure
Was very disappointed in the book
Reviews don't tell the story!
It didn't ruin Atticus for me
I was prepared to hate this book
I grew up with Mockingbird so already had an idealized ...
Very hard to follow at first. Finally toward the ...
Good read
Not a Novel about Race...
Hold Tight To Your Sweet Tea!
Fantastic read
One Star
Really enjoyed the book
Harper Lee does it again!
If you adored Atticus and Scout I'd pass on this.
Good read
Go Set a Watchman - great story
Narration notes
Written in the 1950's but very relevant to today's times!
Realistic Portrayal
Interesting perspective, but who really wrote the book?
ever was taught that people were inferior or superior to one another
Not Lees best effort
One Star
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Scam
Not Mockingbird.
If at first you don't succeed, try ....
Same Atticus or not?
A bit lackluster.  A bit incomplete.  Not a satisfying read.
Well worth the read, but it's no TKAM.
As much as I love To Kill a Mockingbird
I only read about 50 pages, just could not ...
Well Done  complex examinination of Southern people.
but it's Harper Lee and she is always thought provoking and has an excellent way with words
it is not as well organized as To Kill a ...
Pretty good to catch up with Atticus & Scout
I was disappointed with Go Set A Watchman because it wasn't written ...
Enjoyable and moving
Not my cup
What did Atticus don't?
Jean Louis is the new hero!
Don't bother
To Kill a Mockingbird, was 3 x the book ...
An instant classic and perfect sequel to Mockingbird
If you read "to Kill a Mockingbird" its worth reading ...
Disappointed
One Star
Thought it was a very good book, did not compare it to To Kill ...
Not what I expected, but I couldn't quit reading ...
Less than stellar
I thought the ending could've been better, but Harper Lee exceeded my expectations with this ...
Loved To Set A Watchman
Glad I read it
Great Book I wish I would have run across it ...
No where near a good as To Kill a Mockingbird which was a wonderful ...
Must read
Thought provoking book
Don't lester to the naysayers
I can see why the editor returned this manuscript with ...
OK but not recommending
Disappointing
Several unexpected turns. Characters are much the same but ...
Didn't like ending
Enjoyed this book
After great anticipation, I loaned a copy of the book ...
Not as good
There is clearly a different writing style between this book ...
It read like a first draft
I thought Scout's POV as an adult was interesting and ...
Go set a Watchman
I would not have been so critical of this novel ...
Scout stirring up trouble...
I really enjoyed Go Set a watchman
Read on! It's worth every page!
Blah
Really?
Terrible
Why Was This Published?
Disappointed But I Did Finish It
Things she sees so clearly are not so easily possible in her hometown
I was expecting much more from the writer of Mockingbird and therefore highly disappointed.
this book was a disappointment. Hard to believe the same 2 people wrote ...
Disappointed
Brilliantly written! As the story unfolds the reader is ...
I was disappointed in the book
Good read
Total waste of time
Disappointing read. Can't recommend this one.
The BEST!!!
AN EYE-OPENER!
I think it was a very good book all on its own
Worth the Read
Simply a good read.
It should be published
Disappointing, uneven
If this story had been explored further.. It could have been a masterpiece.
Go Set It on Fire--Or at Least Back on the Shelf
Five Stars
Waste of time
Can We Say Boring?
Go det a watchman portrayed the actions of the characters ...
It was very interesting to read this book. You ...
It was well worth the read and I expect a good discussion when we discuss it for Book Club
What a disappointment; I wonder if Harper Lee really wrote this---and ...
Book was delivered promptly. The story and characterization a ...
I was disappointed that the critics
Was very disappointed. You knew the ending from page one
It is such a shame that Harper Lee only wrote two books
Perhaps it might help to have grown up in a small southern town
This book is secretly born of genius!
While the book was verywell-written, it seem to meander ...
Disappointed
Really like this book
Not as good as To Kill A Mockingbird for sure
A wonderful read Great characters I really enjoyed that much of ...
some beautiful scenes and a predictable but touching finale which is ...
... who are not reading this due to outside influences like media and spoilers
Could have been better
Did Harper Lee write this novel? Did someone else ...
The story would not have been paid much attention to ...
seems like the second volume in a trilogy
Five Stars
I loved it!!!
Read it till the end before you decide.. ...
Confused Culture Clashes
Changes things
A worthy trip back to and through what we think we know.
Destined to be a classic!
Participant Observation
Disappointing
One Star
Four Stars
Two Stars
Disappointing!
it felt like a first novel by a writer witch it is
It was interesting enough so I finished it.
Child and I made it through GSaW OK, but not a "must read".
Then and Now
It amazing that this was the first book Ms
Two Stars
Not the Atticus of Mocking Bird.
A great read but kept comparing it to Too Kill a ...
Not a well written book
Could not put this book down!
Two Stars
The continuation of a wonderful story . . .
No Shocks Here
struggled to keep reading
The writing was not as good, but fun to read anyway
Two Stars
It is amazing how much of the sentiments of that period are ...
Not surprised
Interesting read
Liked. The
Not Comparable but worthwhile
Nicely done!
Two Stars
Not That Good
Five Stars
but I enjoyed it. Don't expect another To Kill A Mockingbird
intelligently written. More mature I naturaliy being an adult ...
Harper Lee did not disappoint, answers to many questions I oferten asked myself ...
Lacking
Dissapointing
One Star
Four Stars
To Kill a Mockingbird First Draft
A great story
Watchman, worth a read...
A bit too Disappointing
I was disappointed -- the story drug in places and the characters ...
Would have liked more.
Glad it is here
Starts out really well, and as you think it ...
Three Stars
Three Stars
Somewhat disappointed. I love "To Kill a Mockingbird" and expected ...
Don't waste your money and time.
Too bad.
A Let Down
Could easily get involved with the characters
Excellent read
The truth isn't always pleasant or pretty - it's usually complicated, messy affair - similar to the Atticus in Go Set A Watchman
It was an interesting archaeological expedition, but does not ...
Highly Recommend
Good story. Did not ruin my perception of Atticus
One Star
Waiting for a THIRD installment
I was very excited to read it but was rather disappointed in the story
Different Story, Doesn't Change TKAM
Blah
I enjoyed this book although nothing can compete with her first ...
It's a good look at how to deal with one's feelings when ...
A worthwhile read
The first half of the novel was excellent; the last half wandered off into long discussions ...
One Star
Five Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Stick with Mockingbird!
One Star
Two Stars
Read it with fresh eyesxand insight!
Stick with Mockingbird
I was sorely disappointed. I found the plot to be ponderous and ...
The first half of the book moved very slow. ...
It is Okay
The Old South...  Beauty and the Beast
The perfect companion to To Kill A Mockingbird
I'm glad I read "To Kill a Mockingbird" first
It was nice to see how Scout is as an
A let down in the end.
Didn't feel like the same author writing at all
Two Stars
Kinda redundant and preachy
Four Stars
I was disappointed. I guess I was expecting much more
Four Stars
interesting as it fills in the background and clearly a ...
Deep Insight Into the South
Go Set A Watcman was good, however compared to TKAM it rather more a ...
Thank you Harper Lee!
Meh
Disappointing
Ok but To Kill a Mockingbird is so much better
a disappointment
what?
Harper Lee's writing style is great. This book was a good read but does ...
Four Stars
Got it to add to my collection.
Fantastic. Wonderful look into the subtleties of a woman ...
Small talk
It's a Sham
Five Stars
Leaves the reader with lots to think about.
Awesome novel! Just not for me.
Withholding This Book Was an Outrage
What a wonderful insight into the creative process of Harper Lee
I loved this book
A good read with many literary references but hard to believe ...
but not quite as good a plot as To Kill a Mockingbird
Excellent
Disappointing
it is a good read.
Five Stars
Give it a break.
it's nicely done. I felt the ending was a bit ...
Loved Every Page
You can't go home again.
Glad to have this in my library
Interesting....
Boring
Four Stars
I enjoyed it.
Three Stars
Story Trumps Writing
Of was good. According to my expectations
I just did not think the story held my attention ...
Just average
I enjoyed it.
I wanted so badly to love this book
... influence on a mediocre first draft of a truly great novel.
... ridiculous ending but up until last 10 pages book wonderful. No where near To Kill A Mockingbird~
Not as good as her 2nd book
Three Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Not so good
Don't bother
Three Stars
One Star
Two Stars
One Star
I enjoyed the book very much
Forget current political correctness when you are reading this novel ...
A crushing disappointment...
Thought provoking
A true description of the deep south in the 60's ...
t enjoy the book as much a s I though I ...
Black Lives don't matter to Atticus anymore
Not a fun read....
Three Stars
Not Worth the Hype, Boring
I am not quite finished with the book but so ...
Good Read
but considering To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favorite books, this is underwhelming
Reminds us of our US history
Acclaimed author provides continued reading pleasure.
Nice to see Scout's ideas of being an adult now ...
Just okay - no great literary masterpiece
A worthwhile read.
Not nearly as good as "To Kill a Mockingbird" but in my opinion ...
A shame that she didn't go back and finish this ...
Not bad, not good.
a must read
It's like she knows me
I hear a lot of negative reviews saying things like, "Atticus is racist in this book
This is an excellent read, only complaint is that it seemed to ...
Too bad this wasn't edited
Good read.
I was expecting not too like this novel based on the reviews but I really ...
Should have stopped with "To Kill a Mocking Bird"
Icons fall hard
Mockingbird on Steroids
2 authors??
Don't be swayed by public manufactured controversy..
Not what I'd hoped but ok
Three Stars
To Kill a Mockingbird was so much better.
Glad I re-read Mockingbird first
Good reading
I liked this book it showed changing times
Years later
Did nothing to improve Miss Lee's stature through its publication.
Bought it mostly for my mother and father.
Southern after all
Very disappointed in story line so far
One Star
Simply a wonderful read. It reminds of parts of my own ...
Decide for yourself
READ THIS BOOK!!!
Not your seven-year-old's view of reality...
Disappointment
Still can't equal "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Can't Get Into It.
Lots to think about
Sorry just not up to the standards I expected. ...
It has some fine touches, even some fine paragraphs and the writing ...
Consider It a First Draft
Great read
I had so much fun reading this book
Complex and thought provoking
Do Not Read or Buy. Only a First Draft and Not What You'll Be Expecting. Sad Situation.
Three Stars
Two Stars
Harper Lee
Three Stars
Must read
Slow but steady read but then picked up at the ...
I expected more. It came off as more of ...
Disappointed
Better than I expected
Despite others feelings of disappointment, I loved the book
Glad I Read It!!
When does the movie come out?
Pretty darn good
So dissapointing!
Interesting
Three Stars
Not as good as her other book
Character development was poor and the storyline just too thin to be captivating
Three Stars
Five Stars
One Star
I just could not get interested in this book, ...
Disappointing
I loved the book
Creates More Questions About Authorship of TKAM
Don't buy it!
Five Stars
No stars
Sadly Cringe-Worthy Prose
It was ok and I enjoyed it but I understand why they made her rewrite
Five Stars
Not nearly as good as "To Kill a Mockingbird"
A good read.
Enjoyed the book - a good read - I think ...
Wonderful book.
A must read!
Scout's a grown up and Atticus is a human afterall
Totally Worth the Wait
I read this for a book club meeting. It ...
I found the book to have no plot and boring to read
Disappointed
Three Stars
Three Stars
Good to be back in Scout's world even though it ...
Truly Amazing.
Disappointing
Three Stars
Go Put Away A Watchman
Go Set
Five Stars
Five Stars
Scout All Grown Up!!
The South and States Rights
OK read.
Two Stars
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favorite books.
Three Stars
It needs to be read with an open mind and ...
Five Stars
Disturbing and disappointing.
Go Set a Watchman doesn't disappoint if you put aside preconceived expectations.
Five Stars
A Good First Book
Disappointing
Three Stars
I felt it did not measure up to her first ...
IT WAS GREAT TO RE-VISIT SOME OF THE CHARACTERS
Five Stars
Must read
however the story itself wasn't as good.
Not my favorite book. It was difficult to get into and ...
One Star
Two Stars
we need more from Harper Lee this time around
Small Town Goody
disappointment!
Absolutely amazing
Loved it!
Two Stars
but like Mockingbird it is very well written
I loved it. It shows that all people are human in the way they think and the way they act.
A quick read, but less subtlety than expected
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Scout unleashed
Overall Disappointing
What a disappointment.
Meh!
Three Stars
Three Stars
I'm glad I read it
One Star
Okay
Just the truth told
Five Stars
OK Read
Three Stars
... after I got to the real story it was great.
An awful sequel to one of the greatest novels of all time.
Draft Novel
Five Stars
to be quite tedious. Since I was a young adult when the ...
Miss Harper Lee, another grand slam
Watchman's Atticus
Not a good book!
Okay read.
Four Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Good read
Not a "must read."
none
Go Set a Watchman
Classic
Save your money.
A disappointment
A bit of a disappointment.
Three Stars
dull
Five Stars
Boring
Slow but sure
I'm not as disappointed as many critics by Harper Lee's Go Set a ...
Well, it was an interesting read, but not ...
Thomas Wolfe said You can't go home again.  He was right.
Disappointing read
Three Stars
Three Stars
not as good as to kill a mockingbird
Great read
Very disappointed in this storyline and racial environment at that time
Glad I read it but was not thrilled with it.
Three Stars
Worth reading
Disappointing ending
Another thing I did not like about this book was
It was painful to read
I feel like I've been starving and finally fed
Worth reading but. . . .
Nothing New
Atticus is NOT racist as we use the term today.
I was a disappointed fan after I read Harper Lee's newest release
Two Stars
Worth Reading
Four Stars
Mixed (up)!
read for historical curiosity, not for the writing
... SYNC WITH THE WAY SHE WROTE HER STORY I LIKED IT AND WILL REaD AGAIN
A casual reader's brief thoughts on Go Set A Watchman
Please don't compare it
Should have remained a mystery and unpublished.
I really enjoyed this book and cannot understand why some folks think ...
it seemed that the author wanted to explain why she had become so obsessed with her image of a perfect father and man
Not 'To Kill A Mockingbird'
Harper's easy going southern manner is so easy to read
Worthwhile as a sequel
Ho Hum Not as ggod as Short Flight  an unbelievable book not yet published.
One Star
A didactic bore
Three Stars
Three Stars
Easy to understand why her editor sent her back to ...
I hope she didn't leave any more out there like this.
Good for a first novel but no Mockingbird
Three Stars
Academically interesting but not a great read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent.
I know many people haven't liked this but I thought it was excellent for her ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Skip it.
The sequel
A really great book. A must read!
Thou shalt not follow a multitude.
I know this received a lot of negative reviews, ...
Masterpiece
Don't buy it expecting a polished sequel
Watching THE WATCHMAN
Just Go
Four Stars
Well worth reading, Reese Witherspoon makes it better as an audiobook
I was very disappointed. there were whole paragraphs lifted from "to Kill ...
... sorry I read this book it has destroyed my love of To Kill a Mocking Bird
NOT HAPPY
A good editor would be helpful
Four Stars
A great read with lots to say
Book review
One Star
A disappointment
Three Stars
Somewhat boring. Expectations were too high because of To Kill ...
Perspective was disjointed in parts.  I kept wanting Jean Louise to just grow up and be strong and decisive.
so-so
Was a little disappointed. Good story but no "To Kill a Mockingbird"
No Comparison
I actually did not enjoy this book
Interesting & mediocre
One Star
2nd
Three Stars
Not my my book
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Beautiful
Disappointing. Did Harper lee really write this?
It was good, but the original publisher of To Kill a ...
Great book!
Better than I'd expected
This is no Mockingbird
Two Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Very slow moving. It took 2 weeks to get ...
Two Stars
Four Stars
Not What I Expected.
A Book For Today
Harper Lee has the ability to tell it like it is about growing up in the South
Go Set A Watchman
"Go Set A Watchman" reads much like a sequel
One Star
Definitely read this as a follow up/accompaniment to Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird.
joy for new book
Set this Watchman back on the shelf
... the earlier novel and plan to but did not enjoy this novel
Three Stars
Two Stars
Interesting follow up to To Kill a Mockingbird but not as good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Story too short for me
Up and down; back and forth
Two Stars
Not To Kill a Mockingbird...
But read more like a short story than a great sequel
Four Stars
Good book. Worth reading
Four Stars
Two Stars
well-written
Three Stars
One Star
One Star
... as much as "Mockingbird" But it was not a bad read
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great read!
Disappointed.
Liked it. Clearly an early Harper Lee effort
FANTASTIC!!
A visit down memory lane!
I have loved reading Harper Lee's original book
A lot to think about
repeat of to kill a mocking bird. Lacked sufficient ...
Very slow reading. Not up to "To Kill A ...
Three Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Poorly written, but useful
To Kill A Mockingbird Characters: the sequel
Depressing Read
Four Stars
... to receive the book and it was an utter disappointment
Two Stars
Not great and no comparison to To Kill a Mocking Bird
Four Stars
Enjoy it to the end!
Poor and unorganized writing
A great first draft!
The novel has taut, solid writing, especially in ...
One Star
Loved it!
Disappointing novel. It seems clear to me why it ...
Find your own watchman
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Another Masterpiece
Three Stars
I found the book to be better than I expected
but I enjoyed this book
Three Stars
Read To Kill A Mockingbird again instead.
Four Stars
One Star
To Kill a Mockingbird remains the best book ever
Three Stars
High expectations,  but...
Two Stars
Scout and me
Well worth reading
Good and disappointing
Three Stars
Disappointing
Two Stars
Two Stars
Interesting Book!
Three Stars
very thought provoking
Two Stars
Five Stars
HARPER LEE DOES NOT DISAPPOINT
Hold onto your seat
Curiously interesting
One Star
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
An interesting read. You can see why her friends ...
If you love Harper Lee - read this book...
A most interesting read
For such a time as this
Just okay
This is the perfect era for publication of this book
It is an excellent read.
Can you return an E book?
Critical race and gender issues of today resonant with the thoughtful plot.
Great but has some racial undertones that can be disturbing
The worst was yet to come for the black civil rights ...
More Worthy of Pulitzer
Growing pains
Beautiful Addition to the Maycomb World
Powerful in Its Own Right, But Not A Sequel To Mockingbird
A mere kernel: we got the whole cob later, thank goodness.
Flawed but worth reading
A Different Lens For Different Times
"Every man's watchman, is his conscience."
Go Set a Watchman, While Highly Recommended, Does Not Resonate the Way 'Mockingbird' Does
Perhaps the Greatest Footnote in Literary History Harper Lee's much anticipated manuscript ...
Three Stars
Loved hearing the voice of someone who actually lived in ...
I tried to like it. It has its moments
Absolutely worth the read!
I can understand why this version was turned down and the publisher asked for a rewrite which led to her really good book, TO KI
One of the most boring books I have ever read
It was easy to read
One Star
Four Stars
Cultural insight very good
Five Stars
I did enjoy it.
One Star
Two Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Interesting food for though.
The Age of Innocence---No More
This was a good book, I'm glad I read it but don't ...
Slow to start
I thought it was a great novel and I did get some picture of what ...
I'm happy to say that I finished reading Go Set a ...
... mad as all heck that we find out a horrible nasty tidbit in chapter one
This was a necessary and welcome look at Atticus and ...
Not as good as the original but I'm glad I read it
Three Stars
Lukewarm read
Ah, well....
Don't rush out to buy it.
Three Stars
Four Stars
though not nearly as good as To Kill a Mockingbird
Four Stars
Harper Lee does it again!
A "new" novel by Harper Lee.
Go Set A Watchman
Not a fan!!!!!
Don't expect a Pulitzer
Surprisingly good
... up reading "To Kill a Mockingbird" I was extremely disappointed with this book
One Star
Three Stars
but a was good.
Two Stars
Disappointment
Stick with To Kill A Mockingbird
Two Stars
Disappointed
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Good Continuation
Four Stars
First draft of a really great novel
Poor Scout! (possible spoilers in review)
Read for yourself
It has been a long time since I read the ...
Lee or Hohoff?
Disappointed Reader
Should Never Have Been Published.
Why? Who?
Disapointed
None of us are as good as some people think we are nor are we ...
Thought provoking...
If you are looking for a book like To Kill A Mockingbird
This reads as a draft or author's notes for a ...
When I finished it I was disappointed and thought that It was not the best book ...
Two Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Not Google!
Two Stars
1st Draft - 2nd much better
Disappointing
Two Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Not as good as first book
Four Stars
This is the "Mock" from to kill a mockingbird.
I was pulled in immediately.
ELEGANT PRESENTATION!
This was an amazing twist on the To Kill a Mockingbird most of ...
Harper Lee's Draft
LIFE IS NOT CUT AND DRIED, THINGS AND PEOPLE CHANGE
This is an excellent book. there have been negative reviews of the ...
Not worth the time it took to read it.  Should have had more edited out.
One Star
even superman isn't perfect. It was an interesting story that held my ...
Decent. I can see why it was shelved the ...
Three Stars
Entertaining
Three Stars
Reads like a
Held my attention... but "elementary" in it's ...
I enjoyed the story and learned a lot from it
Harper Lee Has Published Another Classic
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
And loved
you want to know the surprises.
An excellent read. A good glimpse of the South in ...
Four Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
An Unexpected Surprise
Does not read like a Harper Lee story
A Thinker
A new Lee
A Closer Look at a Great Writer
Not worth the $13.99 I paid to download
Really good
How could you, Harper Lee?
Two Stars
Three Stars
A Stand Alone Book You Should Read
a great second story
I was expecting more.
Well put together story and most believable. Not a ...
Okay, but disappointing
It was extremely boring. Even reading this book forgetting anything about "Mockingbird" ...
so I was disappointed in the story
Three Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
I was disappointed in the novel
Great promise
I thoroughly enjoyed it
Interesting but also somewhat disappointing.
Lee's writing is wonderful! However
Fantastic!
Interesting in a historical sense
Loved it
Not Easy to Accept, but Writing is Still Riviting
WE'LL NEVER SEE THOSE OTHER DOZEN
Interesting and Educational
Five Stars
Okay
Three Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
A bit disappointing.
Dont bother
One Star
Three Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
go set a watchman
Okay
Three Stars
Three Stars
Grimmski51
enjoyed reading about 'Scout' in the sequel and her strong ...
What a thought-provoking read!
No human being is perfect or worthy of God-like adoration
Memories of home
Go Set a Watchman
Race - Still a timely subject
Perfect sequel to Mockingbird
Don't waste your money.
One Star
Did not like it.
Disappointing Read
Three Stars
It was O.K.
Four Stars
Worth a Read
Five Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Three Stars
Did Not Enjoy This Book
but it is very good.
Boring.
Five Stars
very much interesting, specially after reading ,Mockingbird.
One Star
Four Stars
A must read for To Kill a Mockingbird lover
Four Stars
but Lee did not write the book to satisfy me. The "New South" is still the "Old ...
Loved the novel
To many differences
Disappointing!!
Worth the wait
Enjoyed Harper Lee's style of writing but disturbed by all ...
A good visit
Go Set  Watchman
Atticus human after all 😓
I enjoyed the novel
Nowhere Near as Great as Harper Lee's Original
Three Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Good, but not great.
Maybe more personal than Mockingbird
Attics is not a racist
A First Draft, Not a Sequel
Sadly disappointed
and came to grips with race relations in the 60's with to pretty deep insight
Historical Fiction at it's best
One Star
Really disappointed. If I had not read To Kill a ...
Beautiful ending, surprise
... the moment that I opened the book it was like hearing from an old friend
Good read.
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
Another great read!
Ho hum
Didn't like
One Star
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
i enjoyed the book because it was so true to the ...
I'll read this one as many times as I've read "Mockingbird" - 30, 40?  I've lost count.....
Finding reality
Three Stars
Okay
Five Stars
One Star
Three Stars
One Star
Good interpretation of the tmes
One Star
One Star
Mockingbird much better
There are probably many reasons why Harper Lee did not ...
Great Read
A poor sequel to a truly great book
A Rather  Sad Event
Watching Watchman
Much like, "Too Kill a Mockingbird" Scott's idealist viewpoint
One Star
Did not find it an easy read book
Didn't like it at all
Two Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Disappointing
Really good book
Just finished Harper Lee's "Go Set A Watchman"  Enjoyable reading on a rainy day but having trouble accepting she wrote this bef
Everything came together...
Two Stars
Southern Hospitality
Two Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
but not as good as I thought it would be
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
She's done it again
Five Stars
Okay
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
worth reading
Great book
Four Stars
So far so good, I am only about half way thru
This book could easily stand alone as an exceptional novel without the historical ...
Cannot recommend, boring, boring, boring
Exploring Many Differing Views
a mix of great writing, immature plot development
A good read
Go Set A Watchman
Hard to follow conversations
I did not agree with many of the critics who disliked Atticus portrayal in this book
Good
Three Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A reunion with a twist
Two Stars
Two Stars
Young writer.
Five Stars
Great Background for Mockingbird
The story didn't go anywhere. After reading it I ...
A Meaningfully Good Read
Five Stars
No Way!
Expectations are everything...
Disappointing
Excellent writing, but I kept feeling the dialogs were ...
disappointed would be the word
excellent
Expectations not met
Go Set A watch,a
I liked it much better than I thought I would
Beautifully written, yet it felt more like an essay ...
Three Stars
Four Stars
Stands On It's Own
Excellent book. Excellent service by Amazon
Two Stars
It had a few good parts, but was mainly philosophical
One Star
Good read
A thinking book
Disappointing
I enjoyed noting how the themes had been honed for Lee's ...
Amazing
I was somewhat surprised
Love shatters icons
Three Stars
Two Stars
Boring and dreadful
Two Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
let alone a happy one. Sad to wait 50 years for a ...
As good as To Kill a Mockingbird. Harper Lee is what every writer should aspire to!
Clifthanger?
This novel is so true to the time and place ...
Not even close to the first book..
Insights into the southerner's perspective in the 60's
TIMES CHANGE
There was a great deal of dialogue that didn't seem to go anywhere
The world is not a perfect place
Greatly disappointed....
I liked the book
A must read with no preconceived notions
Harper Lee is remarkable
Harper Lee Naysayers are All Wet!
i have heard that some people were disappointed that this twisted one of our long time favorites ...
The Flavor is the Same
One Star
So-So
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
I loved it. Nearly as much as Mockingbird
I was.. and still am.. Deeply Disappointed.
Three Stars
An Uncut Gem
Insightful, but Not Magical
Wonderful Addition to Scout's Story!
Haunting and less satisfying, yet important in the story it tells.
The Death of a God
Lee's writing process & Racism
The Other Half to Scout's Story
Judging the Past on its Own Terms
Ignore the media hype, and just read a brilliant author spreading her wings
Scout is back, but not necessarily grown-up.
To Kill a Mockingbird is better
Here's How to Like This Book ...
The Complexity of Belief vs the Reality of Racism
Good
A slightly boring relation with familial traits...
"MOCKINGBIRD" BROUGHT A LOT OF "AMERICANS" TOGETHER, LIKE HEALING, WHAT WILL....
Read this Novel!
Harper Lee's ability to tell a story remains second to none
watchman half a mockingbird
One Star
wonderful story, just like the first one
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not sure
Great Experience
Three Stars
poor character building
Interesting
Five Stars
Amazing
This was the novel that Harper Lee wrote before To ...
There was an awful lot of ballyhoo about it being ...
Quit Judging and Start Listening to This Book's Real Message
This is an excellent book in it's own right
Go Set a Watchman
Jean Louise all grown up
Worth the wait
Five Stars
Wow
Not as good, but good.
Three Stars
Three Stars
Go Set a Watchman
Good novel
One Star
Three Stars
Two Stars
Very slow start. Just got to keep going.
EARLY WORK WITH A STYLE NOT YET
Three Stars
Five Stars
Just a thought....
A treasure on growing up
Interesting
I tried to like it
My Heart Bleeds
Great classic
Stunning narrative on how we see bias
Worth the read
heartwarming
Great book! Recommend everyone read it
nice writing style but sloooow
but overall it was a good read. Almost scary how some of Atticus musings ...
A trip back home....
Another Harper Lee classic.
Two Stars
One Star
Not as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
... "To Kill A Mockingbird" or it's just not a good book. But I am very disappointed with it
No movie here
A good read!
Her pouting is tiresome. Not much else to the
An amazing look at the south in which we were raised.
Not worth the time to read it.
Go Set A Watchman doesn't disappoint
A satisfying, and somewhat surprising companion to To Kill A Mockingbird.
but is more like a sequel to "To Kill A Mockingbird"
A Book full of Scout's Memories
Even though it was written first, it must definitely ...
Thought provoking
Two Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Worth it!
Too bad!
Three Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Great sequel that started as a prequel
Four Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Bird of a Different Feather...
Not so racial
Different generations seeing segregation differently
Feelings on the Novel
Beautiful Lee style
Very good, but not as good as Mockingbird
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
but an easy read.
Two very different books - each a gem
Very disappointed--big let down
and the writing is poor. It somewhat ruined Mocking rid for me
Two Stars
Don't waste your time.
Entertaining. Not "TKAM, " but still entertaining and ...
RECOMMENDED WITH LIMITATION...
Great book
Harper Lee has given us another great novel and one last chance to visit Maycomb and ...
An utter disappointment. I wish I could get my money back
Good but not great.
Good, but not TKAM.
enjoyed the story but was unhappy about the way things ...
If you read Mockingbird or live in this part of ...
Harper Lee has said many, many times that she ...
RETURNING HOME, SMALLTOWN LIFE.
this coming of age story is beautifully written, and while Atticus is not the same ...
Very good read.
Not a pariah but a healer.
Loved it
She's Still Got It!
Wow
Intense look at southern city during 60's
Less than satisfying
Loving this book. As an English teacher who has ...
Three Stars
One Star
Five Stars
No Mockingbird
Boring.. cannot believe she wrote it
Three Stars
Four Stars
Good book
disappointing book
Watchman: So real for many. Not to be ignored.
Harper Lee is an excellent writer. However
Very good
This is not a real continuation to Tkamb!
Read this - it's not just about Atticus being in ...
Disappointed
Very disappointing and would not recommend it. I was 3 quarters of the way ...
Wonderful development of characters we have known for so long
Great Book To Learn About the South
Not sure how I feel
Two Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Very disappointing!
Not the Best of Her
Was right there with you, Scout
I did not enjoy this book
This is like reading the rough draft of a great novel
I loved this book
I loved it. I'm so happy it was published
It was not her best work and her the characterization of Attticus was as ...
Very nice
Glad I read it
it's another viewpoint!
Throughly enjoyed the story and the great writing of Harper Lee
Worth reading but disappointing in comparison to TKaM: a ...
Great story!
While not as great or as action-packed as to Kill a Mockingbird
A sequel to TKAM in every way
Controversial subject matter well presented
I was disappointed after all of the media blitz on this book
Loved it
Go Set A Watchman
Should never have been published.
Three Stars
Okay book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
I really liked the book
Worth the wait...
Two Stars
Choppy
Not the Best
I enjoyed "Go Set A Watchman" almost as much as I ...
Definitely worth the read!
Interesting as a backdrop to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Frankly, disappointing. I now know why her publisher ...
Glad I read it
Putting the book in perspective, it was quite interesting ...
Why don't they see.
Enjoyed reading this book
Excellent. Very realistic for the era
Great book!
Please read one and then, the other
I love the way she defines each character and allows us ...
A little disappointing
Are you serious? That was it?
So glad it was published
A Fan's Sadness
One Star
One Star
Three Stars
Waste of money
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
FALLS SHORT
She wrote an excellent book. I can see why she withheld the ...
Great book!
I'm not sure.
Not as Good
Don't waist your time
A lot of hype for nothing
was prepared not to like it as much as "To Kill a Mockingbird" It ...
Wonderful! It's best not to read this book while comparing it with To Kill a Mockingbird. Also, don't give up on it too hastily.
Go set a watchman
Only the particularly stupid assign labels to fictional characters.  Remember Dan Quayle and Murphy Brown?
Racism is a National Disease
I think this book was more about Scout's realization that ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Sorry I Wasted My Time and My Money
BORING
NOT Mockingbird BUT more true to white Southern exceptionalism
Go set a watchman
Didn't care for
Beautifully written. I finished it way too quickly
Best book of 2015
A Nostalgic Trip
Not what I'd hoped
Good read
Great story about growing up and seeing your parents as ...
Enjoyable read and mostly consistent with To Kill a Mockingbird.
Back to the who wrote To Kill a Mockingbird controversy.
GO SET A WATCHMAN IS WELL WORTH THE READ!
You can definitely tell that this was her REJECTED first ...
very different from  To Kill a Mockingbird
How Fortunate Are Those of Us Who Lived in this Time Period and Know Our Own Truth.
Familiar, raw and enriching
A wonderful literary artifact, and not even a bad novel
I was ready to love it, then ready to hate it...then I read it.
A wonderful read
ARE YOU KIDDING ME  ?
I expected more character development from tkmb. Jem and ...
Can't go wrong with Harper Lee!
fantastic character portrayals.  Any reader in the South or with an understanding of the Southern history & the racial struggles
Great, good reading. Enjoyed greatly. Thank you. Smooth on the mind, not harsh on the soul. Love the characters, espe.cially Jea
It was a good, easy read but definitely not Go Kill a ...
I was disappointed in the story and character development
Another excellent book from Harper Lee
It is a good post history look at the characters to How To ...
Wonderful Book
A story that should have been shared a long time ago
Understanding The South
The timing couldn't be better to deliver its message to the world of today
Largely a disappointment
Harper Lee's writing style is still incredible.
I really liked this book
IT FEELS LIKE AN INCOMPLETE BOOK
Two Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Interesting book
Harper Lee
Worth reading
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my favorite books of all time
Very uneven.  Definitely a rough draft.  Not sure Lee wrote it.
I was disappointed, but I may have had too high expectations
You really can't go home again.
Definitely worth reading
Sweet Home Alabama - NOT
Thomas Wolf said it best. "You Can't Go Home Again
As sure as time, history is repeating itself (page 197).
Two Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Boring.
Three Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
I think it was Uncle Jack who said, "A ...
I love reading her descriptions and her explanations of circumstances in ...
Fantastic!!
It has the power to tell the truth.
Not a very organized thought pattern. Ended abruptly. ...
Skip it.
Consistent with my experience
Just okay and I cringe writing that since I absolutely loved To Kill A Mockingbird
Uncertain
Excellent Book
Three Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Don't waste your money.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Forces us to grow up and accept the messy business of life as it is...
Great Read
Very true to my childhood in the south!
I was surprised by the this book because the plot ...
I was disappointed. I expected it to be as good as ...
After all the hype watchman was a disappointment. It was thought provoking but could have been ...
A disappointing read
A good story about a  young woman's development in a difficult setting.
One to be Remembered
Going home
Can't Put Down Read
First half boring... Second better.
expected more
Scout Grows Up
Disappointing
This was great to read the "Rest of the Story"
Very thought provoking!!
One Star
I couldn, t get into it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Disappointed
Good read!
Better skip this one
Four Stars
Different, but good
Was this book actually edited?
Food for thought for America
It was an effective betrayal
Best read of my life
This is a good period piece which reflects the attitudes of the time
Worth the Life-Long Wait!
is sad. Jean Louise's coming of age and her words ...
One Star
Three Stars
Have read better books
Three Stars
Boring.
One Star
One Star
an excellent attempt at an adult novel
Two Stars
Two Stars
Good read.  New insights.
One Star
Four Stars
Disappointing
The real south
Beautiful and thought-provoking story
I love To Kill A Mockingbird
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Explaining the South by a true Southerner.
It was wonderful to see a more complete look into Atticus Finch
Worthy
Very enjoyable read.
The Message is Still There
Not an interesting book
Lower class whites are to be segregated instead of blacks ...
Three Stars
Give it a try, ignore the negativity.
Four Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Brilliant. Timely yet timeless. Go Set A Watchman reframes Ferguson.
Leave the Classics Alone.
Disappointed
Pleasantly surprised
A Great Book
Scout grows up
Excellent
... reading "To Kill a Mockingbird" this was a huge disappointment!
Very disappointed.
Don't bother with this one.
Three Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
A worthwhile read.
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
As the reader sees Scout's and Atticus beliefs he/she can see both views. Both are very understandable.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not a favorite.
A thoughtful book about racism and paternalism in 1950's South.
Racist book
Go Set a Watchman a Hit
Brilliant encapsulation of the early 1960s.
Sorry Harper!
One Star
Must read
NOT To Kill a Mockingbird by any stretch of the imagination
Harper Lee has a superb gift of the English language and great literary knowledge
Glad I read it, even though poorly written (in my opinion)
One Star
Disappointing
Five Stars
Betrayal and disappointment on a grand scale by a beloved character
The only parts I did not like were the long drawn out explanations of the beginnings ...
The Fairy Tale Ends
Go Set a Watchman Rings of Truth
Too sad.
Is Reading Go Set a Watchman Like Looking at Revenge Porn?
Poorly written on too many levels.
Three Stars
Boring does not begin to describe it
I couldn't put it down and was a bit sad when it ended
Thank you Harper Lee
Lee does a nice job of glancing backwards to Scout and Gem's childhood
Question the time the novel was written!
I wanted to read the book because I always loved "To Kill a Mockingbird"
One Star
Very good book
Great book! Especially if you grew up in the south.
Two Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Great reading
One Star
YUk!
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read. No disappointments
I found it interesting that in to Kill A Mockingbird ...
... thought no wonder 'To kill a mockingbird' was the better story because this story seemed tame
Did this book make Atticus look bad?  It did and it didn't.
Absolutely Marvelous
Wonderful story
A good read from a Pulitzer prize winning author
Disappointed.
Worthwhile read
Four Stars
Go set a Watchman
a good read.
I liked the nostalgic tone of the book and the style ...
disappointment
Go Set A Watchman
Five Stars
Would not recommend to friends
Three Stars
A Story That Is So True.
A worthy successor to TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD
I loved To Kill a Mockingbird and thought that this would ...
The Perfect Sequel
I bought, I read, I loved, and I feel awkward about it.
Better than To Kill a Mockingbird
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Scout Returns to Maycomb to find everything changed for the worse.
Turns from an introspective wonder to a frustrating disaster.
Fairly tedious. Original publishers were right in turning it down
Wonderful, after all these years
Great
Four Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Should have stayed a first draft
Scout Grows up and her view of life changes
Loved it!  Harper Lee captures a moment in time.
Five Stars
nothing like To Kill a Mockingbird
Interesting but I can't say I would recommend it. I can see why her publicist
waste of money
Understanding is Not Always Uplifting
Excellent and enlightening!
... to see how Harper Lee developed the classic and perfect book, To Kill a Mockingbird
Two Stars
Five Stars
My wife read this and was disappointed. She said it did not come to To ...
... book was very readable and everyone I talked to enjoyed it.
Waste of time and money
review ** spoiler alert ** I loved it! First of all
Disappointing, disconnected.
Loved this book
New perspective on old friends
This book is a perfect example how a wonderful editor can guide an author ...
Dated and disappointed.
Boring
Interesting novel
Five Stars
Like Mockingbird better
Don't bother.
Excellent book.
Lifelong development with relatable crises of identity and belonging
Welcome Home, Harper Lee!
Arguments aside with respect to Harper Lee's intention, publishing Go Set A Watchman was long over due. It is wonderful.
Very satisfying
One Star
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
A good readb but kind of left me hanging on where Scout was going from there.
Good read, not easy read
Excellent read.
Five Stars
Two Stars
a dirty word, and faith
A fitting sequel.
I'd really like to read about what happens to Jean Louise (Scout) ...
Rip Off!
Great Plot But Reads Like An Early Draft
Four Stars
Five Stars
Needed editing and maybe another voice
Two Stars
... To Kill A Mockingbird and felt it was equally good.
to set a watchman
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
I recommend this book.
Five Stars
A great read!
Meh
Atticus Tarnished
It may not be To Kill a Mockingbird, but it's a great book anyway
Fabulous book! A must read for fans of her ...
One Star
Two Stars
I loved this. A worthy companion to To Kill a
WONERFUL READING
Telling it like it was ...
Read this like you are holding a newborn baby. Be calm, delicate, open-minded, etc.
Pretty good, worth reading
Not as good as Mockingbird
Five Stars
One Star
Too preachy! No wonder no one would publish it ...
Glad I Decided to Read "Go Set a Watchman" and Decide for Myself
disappointed
Two Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Not what I expected
Two Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Important book for our time
TKMB is much better than this novel
Still Worth Reading
One Star
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved the writing style
but it seemed Scout was too easy to shrug off the KKK
I really enjoyed this, even if I found myself comparing them ...
Five for conclusion.
It wraps the story up
Worth the Read
Three Stars
Five Stars
Great Classic
I am glad I didn't listen to the negative reviews and read
Go Set a Watchman
Jean Louise sees Maycomb from a fresh perspective.
Don't buy.
I liked it but not as much as To Kill A ...
donot go into thinking this is as great as t o kill a mocking bird
Harper Lee wrote a second masterpiece
Wow, unexpected emotions
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
very dry and boring throughout.
Go Set a Watchman
Five Stars
Good read
Read It, You Will Like It!
Read with an open mind.
Well Worth Reading!
I enjoyed reading about Scout in her young adult life just ...
Riveting.
Unfulfilling read
Don't believe all the bad press!
Four Stars
Overall I see it as a good introduction to writing
Don't Spoil Mockingbird !!
Good, but NOT a great read.
This is without a doubt the most thought provoking book ...
I liked it more than I thought I would by the ...
Scout is almost grown up.
Four Stars
A Harper Lee Winner
One Star
Atticus Finch is a difficult to like.
Five Stars
GREAT BOOK
Four Stars
A Different View
A thought-provoking novel
To Kill A Mockingbird is my favorite book of all time
to kill a mocking bird is my favorite book. I could not wait to start to ...
Do we rally know Atticus Finch?
I did enjoy reading this book
Read Mockingbird first
Five Stars
This is a really good book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Definitely a good read!
Five Stars
Well written but too short!
Read the book ...
Absolute disappointment!!
Five Stars
I liked this book a great deal
Interesting read...
Went into reading this book after hearing terrible review. s Did not expect to love it
I was so disappointed. To Kill A Mockingbird was my favorite book
A Good Read
One Star
Not disappointed at all
Excellent book!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
I really enjoyed Harper Lee's style of writing and storytelling.
All Grown Up
Book Review.
Long awaited
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved it!!!!
Five Stars
Great story about tolerance
Need some digesting
Five Stars
Loved it. A must read
Great story
Couldnt Put It Down
Surprise ! I Liked It !
Not Worth the Time and Money
Watchman requires seeing Atticus as a whole person.
Terribly outdated.
Great Read
Excellent summer read
Five Stars
An excellent book. I'm really glad I read it
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
seemed like a first
I found it to be a fascinating and revealing look ...
A good story, one that reflects on history as well ...
Southern Nostalgia, Worthwhile Reaing
All grown up
This book is so bad, it makes "Mockingbird" completely irrelevant
A different historical perspective
Atticus, the Not-Racist Racist
Great work of art. Do not believe the New York critics.
Flawed? Yes. But complex, rewarding, and fascinating nonetheless
There has been a great deal written in recent days about this novel
Go Set a Watchman and the Cultural Competence Continuum
Don't judge this book by the rumors
the book and especially the movie romanticized a character in ways that most of us would like to see
It was good to have Scout’s childish perspective and focus on a ...
Scout Becomes Jean Louise
Sweet
Welcom back, Harper Lee
While "To Kill A Mockingbird" is literary genius, "Go Set A Watchman" is a genius of wisdom and self-analysis
A Manuscript Whose Time has come
This book is WELL worth the effort!
Far more nuanced than critics have said and worth reading
Two Stars
To Kill a Hero
Excellent and timely messages for 2015 and the continued racial conflict in the U.S.
powerfully written and consequential
The publisher got it right the first time...makes me love To Kill a Mockingbird even more!
Fascinating and Timely
Long Lost Manuscript
Great
Should Harper Collings Have Left Well-Enough Along?
Read it all before you Judge.
Enjoy it for what it is - not what you wish it were
A legacy torn down
A Necessary Companion to To Kill a Mockingbird
some disappointment ensued with the depth of racism in Atticus' character
Childhood's End
Don't pass on this book
3 1/2 stars.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Didn't Love It
Flawed but compelling
I wasn't fond of the beginning of the book. ...
Worth One Read
Not disappointed
Just left me wanting more - had to re-read TKAM ...
Scout Grows Up
Book proves today's confusion
Fantastic Read
Fascinating!
This book should not be called a sequel.
I liked it
I am a huge fan of Harper Lee - all of her 1 book - so wasn't not disappointed by this one either
Timing is perfect
Five Stars
Different
Five Stars
Three Stars
Just read this along with To Kill A Mocking Bird. It doesn't have any of the charm that the original release has. Sorry I spent
Five Stars
I'm sorry
I was somewhat disappointed in this
I started reading this with some trepidation because of other ...
One Star
Three Stars
Five Stars
Aa
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's no To Kill A Mockingbird but it's still not to be missed.
Go Set a Watchman
Scout Grows Up and Atticus is a Real Person
Close to home
watch out for the watchman
Five Stars
Good Read.
Three Stars
Nostalgic, tired, and anti climatic
I love Harper's style of writing and the richness of her ...
Superb!
I enjoyed Harper Lee's depiction of Southern culture in this novel
Disappointed
Enjoyed it very much
I really enjoyed the writing style of Harper Lee and wished she ...
... slow and I didn't think I was going to like it. I'm now a little over half way ...
What's all the fuss about?
Why kill the bird?
TVery disappointing and overly hopped to the point where I would like my money back. After finishing this book, still have no id
Oddly Interesting
Reality coming of age.
and they were stupid, the blacks would vote to oust the white ...
Two Stars
Go Set A Watchman
Good read
I think it's important to read this book but it's ...
I would recommend reading "To Kill a Mockingbird" first if you haven't
I wish I hadn't read it
READ IT.
poor character development
Despite What the News says I LOVE IT however you must read to kill a mocking ...
Lee's Lesson Is the Same
Atticus is not a racist. He is just caught ...
There are some excruciatingly funny parts ( a relief from the racism
Such is life.
Good grammatical construction
Another Great Book by Ms. Harper
Five Stars
Two Stars
ai personally enjoyed it more than the original
The book was not one that hooked me at the ...
A comfortable pair of jeans..
... a mocking bird has always been one of my favorite books. It was very hard ar first to ...
Had I read it after "To Kill a Mockingbird" I might have liked it more that would have been a long time ...
Excellent novel that should be judged on its own merit
"Watchman:"  A novel of the 1950's and of 2015
Disappointing
Atticus is... human.
Loved her visit to the Methodist Church
The difference is that Atticus was dedicated to his profession and was determined to uphold it to the best of his ability
One Star
Its about time Harper Lee
Truth
I was fooled right up to the end!
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hype was all wrong
I am happy I grew up with the version "To Kill A ...
Better than I thought it would be
Growing Pains
Undecided, too soon to evaluate ?!
Good Book
Tough act to follow
One Star
I liked it but not nearly as much as "To Kill ...
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Good book
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Three Stars
Interesting read.
Another Great Read From Harper Lee
I enjoyed Harper Lee's use of flashback to her childhood that ...
Timeless excellence not easily forgotten.
Atticus, what's happened to you?!?!?!
Too shrill for Mockingbird
Terrible
Three Stars
One Star
😩
Wonderful book. I re-read To Kill a Mockingbird before ...
Loved it - recommend highly
Was as well written as "Mockingbird". Brings us an ...
To Set or Not to Set, A Watchman
What If Scenarios?
I was pleasantly surprised that I was thoroughly unable to ...
Blasphemy
It is fascinating to read this after To Kill a ...
Southern Hearts & Minds
the first third red like a "first book"
at a time that was at the threshold of major change from the roots and traditions that had been comfortable for so long
Five Stars
Two Stars
A must read for all lovers of To Kill a Mockingbird
One Star
Four Stars
BUT THE SEEDS OF A GOOD BOOK ARE THERE AND APPEARED IN "TO KILL A ...
I'm glad I read it from the literary exposure
Watchman leaves you wanting more.
This probably the best book I've ever read
Scout was a bigot
Not what I expected, but I'm glad I read it.
As many people are disappointed with the discoery that Atticus Finch is a segregationist
Slow and uneventful.
Loved this
a Look at the South when I was Growing Up
A book for today
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Great!
Even though not on the same literary level as To ...
Very informative and worthwhile read.
Disappointed
Rejecting Your Roots
Excellent Book
I think it reads like precisely what it is
Five Stars
One Star
Three Stars
I know why she never published this book after reading it.
Wanting more from Harper Lee
This book is a painful reminder that we have refused to learn our lessons ...
Harper Lee has two books and each is a classic.
What a waste of time
Sequel/ Prequel to Mockingbird is Worth Reading
Loved it until the last few pages!
Very easy reading. Finished in 3 days
Not a GREAT read
Disappointment, but well written
Could have stayed unpublished
A Book To Ponder
Not To Kill a Mocking Bird!!!!
Three Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Meh
Four Stars
Three Stars
loved it
I enjoyed the book but thought it took too long getting ...
A step back to the past in the present
The Greater of Two Great Books
Not what I hoped
Get the book--don't believe the negative hype that the book changes the character of Finch--does no such thing.
Powerful
Loved the book
... in a few months and hopefully I'll find it better than my first read
boring. I didn't even finish it
I thought it was great. The charactors were just as engaging and real ...
Loved it!
Very insightful look into changing times in the heart of ...
"Atticus is just to good to be true"
It wasn't as bad as I had heard
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of my two favorite books, and Go Set a Watchman is almost ...
Harper Lee Rights the Wrongs
Expected more. After Scout's shocking realization, it takes ...
So Many Problems with This Book
Excelent book--Harper Lee is a great writer
BRILLIANT
It's been interesting to see the response from friends. ...
I wish I had read this before reading "to kill ...
but was very disappointed. I quit reading midway through the novel as ...
AN ERA  THAT IS HOPEFULLY, LONG GONE
it was better than I expected from all the prepublication hoopla
Growing up sucks but it is a part of life regardless..
To Kill a Mockingbird is an awesome book. Go Set a Watchman
A big letdown
Three Stars
Two Stars
DID NOT MEET MY EXPECTATIONS
Good Book
I was interested in the story line in the context ...
As expected not as great as To Kill a Mockingbird
It would be hard to live up to "Mockingbird", ...
Disappointing
Having grown up thinking how delightfully innocent were the characters ...
Disappointing
Great read...but
Take It For What It Is
See why the publisher wanted  more  from Harper Lee
however it is difficult to not be a little disappointed after To Kill A Mockingbird
Growing Up
If this were written after Mockingbird, it would have been awesome.  As it is, it's brilliant!
It is never easy to read about a lifestyle and/or views that are ...
I was expecting to dislike this book
I really enjoyed this!
Ideal vs. Real
A good visit with old friends
Southern Rcism for What It Is
It appears as a poorly developed draft of a possible ...
On human imperfection.
Don't let her past work blind you.
Five Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Excellent book - worth waiting for.
Good Non- Prequel
Great read AFTER Mockingbird
love love love
This gives one some insight into how the south looks ...
Too Bad Harper Lee Wrote Only Two Books
that Atticus was trying to do what was best for his community and I think
That is good, because I can enjoy Go Set a Watchman ...
Just like the follow-up to GWTH
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Interesting, at times entertaining
... accept but it was a story of the deep love between Scout and her Dad even though he was ...
Read it as a companion to "Mockingbird"
Scout all grown up...
My wife and I both really enjoyed the book
Different
Dissapointed
this is really a good book. I LOVE her writing style
I cried once again...
Great representation
Not As Great As "Mockingbird"
Short, but worth reading
Scout's story
Best read in a long time!
Sometimes you just fall in love with a line...
Want to see a movie come out >>
Brilliant. Rest of the novel I thought Lee started ...
It is a good book. Not as good as Mockingbird but it ...
The first 3 or 4 chapters were just "I'm still ...
and all through this book I couldn't help thinking how much better it could have been with a thorough editing
I loved the book
Read the Book, not the Reviews
Two Stars
Four Stars
Harper Lee Has the Ingredients For the Sequal
made reading fast and easy. Latter part of the book got a little ...
A Necessary Sequel
One Star
A Great Peak Into the Beginning of a Masterpiece...Thank You Ms. Lee.
with all the good and bad that entails
After waiting for months to read this book, now I just wish I had let it be.
Book review
They are merely the context in which Scout learns the difficult truth that her beloved father is not perfect in every way
Good, but not great.
Don't read it!!
So so.
The Why of Jim Crowe
Not too bad. But writing falls in the category of second ...
...Watchman
this is a great book wiritten by a great author
Good read
Miss Lee was smart in publishing "To Kill a Mockingbird" first
_DECIDE FOR  yourself
There's a Lot of Cleverness Here
Jean Louise Finch is the adult heroine of this novel --- a complex and powerful character.
A great sequel to her first novel
Boring
An outstanding sequel to-To kill a Mockingbird.
Watchman for today
One great book doesn't guarantee two
but glad I did
This book made a lot of sense. Harper Lee ...
Tedious and clumsy
Raised my curiosity
Should be a Classic
In short, I loved this one. It's so not a sequel!
I like the sense of place. It was a continuation of to kill a Mockingbird in flavor.
They waited 60 years to publish it, but it's more relevant than ever.
It is just amazing to me to see reviews from others about how ...
Amazing read
I was prepared to hate it since TKAM is one of my favorite books ...
I really enjoyed this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Harper Lee Has Gone and Done It Again!!!!
Harper Lee: The Watchman Declares What She Sees
Nicely written, beautiful moral
but an easy & quick read
Maycomb County in a parallel universe
Transition
Stop and Pick up this great novel ASAP
Wonderful book--ignore the derogatory racial terms and get to the meat of the arguments
Scout grows up.
Don't expect this to be "To Kill a Mockingbird". ...
I did enjoy the book
Would not buy
Different and the Same, stands on its own as a good book..
One Star
Five Stars
Four Stars
A great novelist
Brilliant discovery of the self
I loved it but I think it's because I first reread ...
Not interesting but why do I feel so uncomfortable and uncertain?
"First of all," he said, "if you can learn a simple trick, Scout, you'll get along a lot better with all kinds of folks. You nev
something like "very good
A Book To Read
Very good
not disappointed, great read... thank you Ms. Lee
Worth your time
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Very Good
Five Stars
One Star
DIsapointing
Four Stars
One Star
Two Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Four Stars
I don't understand why some people didn't like it because it seemed that Atticus had changed
i am glad I re- read To Kill A Mockingbird before this ...
One Star
Do not read!
Wanted to keep reading!
Lessons for growing up.
Hooray!
Four Stars
Race and the deep south
This is evidently NOT Harper Lee's Writing! FAKE. ...
I enjoyed it.
Disappointing!
Written better than I expected and an enjoyable read keeping in ...
Loved this.
Glad I read it.
Wow,,,
Wonderful Southern Book
I enjoyed the writing and it really reflects the period that ...
Not one of my favorites!
Not as good as: "To kill a mockingbird" but a good ...
Certainly a good
I think it was essential to read To Kill a ...
Childhood scenes sparkle
One Star
Five Stars
I liked To Kill a Mockingbird better
I loved it.
Excellent read!
Looks like Harper Lee has a lot to say about how ...
I enjoyed Scout as a young woman
Thank you Harper Lee
Don't Believe the Hype
Excellent Book - Don't be turned Off because Atticus is less of a hero!
Outstanding!
An ok read
Old friends in a different place....
At last - a believable Atticus.
Enjoyed the book
I really did enjoy the book
Not as good as Ms. Lee's previous book.
Go Set a Watchman:
One Star
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
I was disappointed in the book
While not as good as To Kill a Mockingbird
An Accurate Historical Novel that's well written
Thought provoking book causes you to question yourself on how you feel!
Excellent Book
I enjoyed the final conversation with Scout and Atticus
Five Stars
Five Stars
Definitely not one of Lee's better works. I would give it a 3 overall
Strange and Boring.
Smart lady. Good perspective on the real world
The Huck Finn racial prejudice conundrum circa 1955 (approximately). ...
Thoughtful is the word. It makes me think. ...
Interesting to read for who ever is concerned with racial ...
Got better at the end
Two Stars
Read it
Harper Lee continues the story...
Some of my book club members did not like this because of what they did to Scout
YOU NEED TO READ BOTH TO FULLY UNDERSTAND
Go set a watchman
Three Stars
Five Stars
One Star
One Star
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
DEFINETELY ONE OF MY NEW FAVORITE BOOKS!!!
The writing in this book is beautiful and descriptive
Good but not Great
I enjoyed reading the continued story of Scout (Jean Louise)
Great timing
I don't believe Harper Lee wrote this. Even if ...
I was pleasantly surprise and consider Watchman my second favorite Lee book
Enjoyed reading it
Thoroughly thought provoking
Coming of age for Scout to Jean Louise
I read To Kill a Mockingbird and loved it. Although this book had the same characters ...
... Mockingbird which should be read first to allow for great discussion opportunities of the two books
MUCH more interesting ...
I hesitated to read "Go set a Watchman". Would ...
"If you did not want much, there was plenty."
Atticus was human after all.
Thought provoking.
Two Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Will Read It Again
Harper Lee is a gift
You can't compare this to TKAM.
Not that bad
Some difficulties of Growing Up!
Hard to get into at first, at least for me
It was thoughtful. I don't have the problem that ...
but shows good explanation of Scout growing up
Well done
Only kept reading hoping it would get better. Nope!
Only good in small sections
Gripping!
You won't be disappointed.
LIFE IS NOT ALWAYS WHAT YOU THINK
I feel cheated...
I loved meeting Scout all grown up and Atticus old
I did not have time to read this book yet ...
Integration and southern culture.
Amazingly well written
Still so very relevant today
An injustice to Harper Lee
moments of. brilliance
While it was a shock that Atticus turned out to ...
maycomb county--then and now
Must read
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Experience the Watchman.
but it does not make for an easy read.
Good and Relevant
Papa from a New Perspective
A good read.
Great novel bad book quality
I was disappointed with this book
Scout is all grown up.
A must-read for Southerners
Go Set a Watchman a great read!
Historic time in USA
Good Read
Disappointment in the midst of hype
Nothing of interest here
Skip it and reread Mockingbird.
I love her words
I grew up in southeast Alabama during segregation Ms. ...
Worth a read
I know this book has been controversial but I loved reading it
Another Harper Lee Classic
A voice I love and have missed
A Thoughtful Story about a Place and a People in Transition
Did not feel good or educated after reading
After all the hype and all the publicity about this ...
I enjoyed this look at Scout (Jean Louise) from an adult's ...
Outstanding writing
Poignant and funny.
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
We would rather be ruined than changed
Ten stars for my soul.
Go set a watchman was a good, quick read
I REALLY ENJOYED READING ABOUT THE SOUTH DURING THEE YEARS
Better than I expected
Worth every minutes spent reading it.
Kia
Two Stars
Five Stars
Nostalgia Trip
Very vibrant story and was true to the times. ...
Brilliant!
unedited book
I give it the four stars because it is connected ...
Great story. Almost as good as To Kill A ...
Like the wind before a storm.
Thought Provoking Novel
Worth buying to have 1st edition but thats it.
Okay, but not her best.  I expected more.
Interesting and Enjoyable
Not even close to "Mockingbird".
Harper Lee gets it just right
Worth a Read.
While the book is not the quality of To Kill ...
This is a spectacular insight into human relationships - parent ...
... "To Kill a Mockingbird" which I consider among the best books I have read
Beautifully written
Don't Bother
Disappointing
A modern masterpiece
Good to revisit old friends
Solid follow up.
Great evocation of Macomb, and nuanced characters.
Scout vs. Atticus
Great Read
Four Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Disappointment
Four Stars
Good Book, but not as good as Her first ...
I was surprised it was so good. I was worried that it couldn't measure up ...
Lee's in charge!
You might have to read parts of this book more ...
Go Set a Watchman:Nothing like To Kill a Mockingbird
Stands Alone
So, here's the big debate about this book: is Atticus a racist or not?
I enjoyed reading Harper Lee's first novel that she wrote
A Disappointment
Good Novel --
Good story and not inconsistent with TKAM.
The perfect companion for To Kill A Mockingbird
Lee does not disappoint in offering a follow-up (Yes
An education into life in the south
Great book but
Couldn't WAIT to read this!!
Terrible book. If Harper Lee had not written "To ...
Great choice for bookclub.
I thought it was well written and I enjoyed it once I really got into it
I cannot say which I liked better. Many people have discussed the issue of ...
Disappointed
Two Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Great read by a great writer
It totally makes me sad for them
Deserving of the reviewers' criticisms.
I really enjoyed the novel
my sister described it as "preachy"-- It gave me insight ...
Should be required reading for all ages
Enjoyed this.
Atticus Finch has flaws. Film at eleven.
What a waste of time. Not what I expected
I had to wait till the end to like the book - almost put it down
The writing is good in places but is predictable and it doesn't have ...
Go Set a Watchman is a great GREAT novel
To Kill A Mockingbird was the unusual better second novel
Worthy effort
I enjoyed To Kill A Mockbird more
I wanted to hate it. But I loved it
One Star
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Go Set a Watchman
Rather shocking language for 2015 but not for the time ...
Not what I was expecting.
Wonder if book three is somewhere?
Go Set a Watchman - EXCELLENT
Very entertaining…Haper Lee was before her time. An accurate ...
This is a wonderful book that gives an excellent depiction of the real ...
Watchman is a Must!
Better than I was lead to believe
Good Read
Beautiful characters
Good for teenagers or a long air flight.
like being with old friends
One Star
dare to read this book
Couldn't Put It Down...
A dreadful disappointment
Thought Provoking
Great writing
great read
Good followup
Excellent
Harper Lee did not disappoint.
very controversial but I loved it. It's a book of its time
Definitely written for a different time. Some interesting historical ...
A need to have.
Simply Wonderful! It's been a long time since I've enjoyed ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Go Set A Watchman
One Star
Four Stars
Same Author?
Three Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Just say no.
Must Read
Loved this book
Very enlightening. I am half- way through and I ...
Don not read it as a continuation of To Kill ...
Stick with this book it's worth the read. 5 stars
Very Boring
Five Stars
Loved the story line
Scout sees the world through the eyes of an adult.
Once you've read To Kill a Mockingbird and then begin ...
Great Read!
Disappointing.
Loved the book and timely even today.
Excellent read
Well written
Of course it wasn't as good as To Kill A Mockingbird
I found it to be perfect to read after To Kill A Mockingbird
but much better than the review I read
Living in Alabama, I felt compelled to read this ...
My take
At this point I think there were good reasons that this book was stored instead of published ...
We should all be Watchmen for each other!
Her childhood descriptions ended up being the best parts of the book--not surprisingly
Enjoyed
It was there all the time!
My opinion of Go Set A Watchman
The Gray Areas
Learning to Agree to Disagree
enjoyable, emotional and thought-provoking  couldn'r put it down
Scout receives a new understanding of her father Atticus!
I am so glad this book got published
I liked the story and learned a few things from a ...
Harper Lee doesn't disappoint!
The attitudes of the 1950s south are brilliantly shown.
Amazing and Sad
Disappointed
Beautifully written!
Don't expect To Kill a Mockingbird.  Just read...
It should have stayed in the vault where they found it.
Reviewers all wrong.
A first draft
One Star
Two Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
A Disappointment!
I had a hard time getting into the book. ...
I absolutely enjoyed and loved the novel
A fast read well written -difficult to a ccept weaknesses ...
Back to Maycomb
Good Book
Five Stars
Wonderful!
' It seemed like the author had something to get off her mind ...
This read like a sequel
I can understand why this was not published because of ...
Good but obviously her first
A moving return to the 1950 national reality of the South.
Harper Lee's Watchman Hits the Mark
Read it ... but PLEASE go into it knowing it's a different, uncompleted, story than To Kill A Mockingbird!
An impressionable and enjoyable book
This is a first version of a classic story, the early outline of what was to be
Different from the first, but a good read
Not a Book Club Read . . .
Keep Your Eyes Open So You Don't Bump Your Head
Good, Not Great
Four Stars
The whole message spun out into a rather dull book. Sorry did not enjoy
Four Stars
Fascinating
Little disappointed with the explanation at the end
A look into the past!
What I did get to read was excellent.
It was good, but not as much fun as To Kill ...
I did read 'To Kill A Mockingbird' years ago and loved it. I found it necessary to read this ...
Different, but that's okay with me :)
Five Stars
I'm assuming this is as good as her book "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Four Stars
I wish she wrote more!
It looks like it came from a book of the month club
disappointed as a whole
Not To Kill  Mockingbird
TOTAL SATISFACTION TO THE Nth DEGREE..
A DIFFERENT BOOK BY A FAVORITE AUTHOR
excellent book
A good first novel
I like the shoe but it runs a little wide and ...
Don't listen to the critics!!!
Doubtful if Lee wrote this novel
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
I loved that this author wrote another book after "To Kill ...
Fair read
A good read, but....
"Go Set a Watchman" is a big disappointment. The author prods and examines the issue of ...
Interesting Sequel to an American Classic
Skip this one.
Five Stars
saw atticus as an excellent lawyer but also an antiquated man who was a ...
Five Stars
I feel like the negativity comments are unfairly just
More then worth the wait
Harper Lee hits another one in!
Five Stars
Powerful Message
Worth the Wait
Great read. A moving story of growing up and becoming her own person.
Better thzn expected
This book was not what I was expecting. History ...
One Star
Glad they came back
Another great book.
Lee Has Become Even More Amazing
Don't waste your time and money
but I recommend you read To Kill a Mockingbird before to reaquant ...
I really liked this book
Another Pulitzer for Harper Lee?
Not as good as the first one
One  Good Book
Go Set A Watchman
Not exactly w hat I expected,  but enjoyed the very different outcome.
a good read
Great book!
Five Stars
It ended with me wanting more.
Not good.
Enjoyable
One Star
Overhyped
Three Stars
Great depiction of small town southern life in that time
Intriguing
The book was delivered on time and is a wonderful read.
Mockingbird pre-visited
Not a Sequel
I love Harper Lee and admire the air she breathes
Enjoyable
Slow read
Rehash
Forgery?
I really thought this would be a better read. But it was only fair
What's all the hype about?
Five Stars
Thought-Provoking
Henceforth to be Conjoined
It changed me.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well worth your time
Atticus isn't perfect. But it's a good read
An Incredible Journey
I am glad I read it.
Should have been left unpublished.
MANY TKAM super fans and I read this
Good Read
Three Stars
Better than expected
Eventually
Wonderful book! So accurate for that era
Read it, so you can say you did.
I may be in the minority! I prefered it ...
Loved it!
Life is not for faint of heart
kept my interest, some time between to kill a ...
Disappointed
Some what hard to get into, but once you ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Great similes and metaphors
Enjoyed this book
It was wonderful. I had never read " to kill a ...
Five Stars
Good not great
Must Read
My esteem for Atticus Finch has in no way been ...
I still like Atticus, he is a product of his time ...
Go Set A Watchman did not change my love of Harper Lee's book To Kill A Mockingbird as ...
Instant Classic. Exemplary Southern Literature
Five Stars
Best surprise book of the decade
I was NOT impressed.
Great read!
Five Stars
Three Stars
I enjoyed the book
Having re-read "To Kill a Mocking Bird" and the journalist's ...
I'm surprised that this book got so many bad reviews. Did no one who reviewed it understand ...
Not quite what i expected
Very Entertaining Story From Beggining To End
Amazing book, brings me back to my childhood when ...
Must Read
this is a good read but not page turning
Worth the read. I reread To Kill A Mockingbird ...
Eh....
Great book
Four Stars
Happily, just the first draft
The discussions in this book captures a past time of turmoil.  They can give us insight to form the discussions we have today.
Was Okay
To much hype fir an inferior effort
I very much loved this book
Worth a read
Change comes to Maycomb
This book is really good, but not as good as To Kill A ...
Shocking excellence
Two Stars
I had loved to Kill a Mockingbird so I had to read ...
Worth reading from a literary history perspective
Five Stars
Five Stars
Go set a watchman has a Slow start. Not clear on who is the watchman or is it a gatekeeper/oppressor
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
a must read
awful book
I was afraid it would skew my love for To Kill a Mockingbird
Four Stars
Just OK. Remminded me of when I had to ...
Glad she published the book
Young Woman Returns Home To Her Southern Roots to Find Answers?
Beautiful Story told by a Story Weaver
Excellent read!
I can't imagine this being published first, before "To ...
Like meeting up with an old friend
Very good
Good discription of a small town, talk of small town Big events.
but good once you get into it
I see why this was never released before!
it is just a book people
Not worth my reading time.
all the hysteria over this novel is misplaced. It ...
Four Stars
Wow!
Okay Read
Beautifully written
Disappointing from Harper Lee
Glad I did
Not Mockingbird
but not nearly as good as "To Kill a Mockingbird
Five Stars
Five Stars
It gave me a new outlook on the people of ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it
Four Stars
This was very well-written and just as great a story as To Kill an Mockingbird
Five Stars
Four Stars
Too short
It was good and I was glad she wrote another book but ...
I was waiting for this and very much enjoyed it. It was a different time and how ...
I loved it! It touched on issues that our country ...
I loved it and such an easy read
This is NOT To Kill A Mockingbird
Five Stars
Worth It!!
every bit as good as her other book
Hometowns and Family
Pretty Good Novelty
All Hail Scout
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Hummm
This is real, not what we may want, but what is
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Excellent read
Loved Harper Lee's book
I enjoyed this book more than To Kill a Mockingbird
A must read for anyone who loved To Kill A Mockingbird.
Loved this book.
A good book
Two Stars
a great novel. "Mockingbird" is a coming-of-age story about Scout ...
Enjoyable but not Mockingbird
G R E A T
Worth the read.
Adult version of "To Kill a Mockingbird "!!!
Still Relevant and Masterfully Written
Be Prepared to be Shocked and Amazed
Reason as a practical partner in the real world
Great book!
Two Stars
Four Stars
Enjoyed it and still think about it
Legitimate Literature or  Typical Democrat Political Fiction
I loved it!
One Star
Three Stars
Four Stars
Old South History
Go Set a Watchman
Excellent!!
A Book to learn from
Four Stars
Read To Kill a Mockingbird first, then enjoy this!
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good to hear their stories in their element
Four Stars
Five Stars
The book was like the one we feel about o Kill A Mockingbird
It's time has come
WOW
Four Stars
Three Stars
Very enjoyable
Good story needs editing
Sometimes you get what you need
Confused
Not a fan
Good Read
Four Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Melodramatic and mediocre
... A Mockingbird" when I was very young---never left me Loved Scout Critics who call Atticus racist are so WRONG--- ...
Whoa!
I expected a somewhat better story line
Very good book
Five Stars
Worth your time
Five Stars
Disappointed.
but still a good read.
You will want to add this to your collection!
Disappointed
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
ok
Very enjoyable!
Not great!
Oklahoma
This book is a hoax
It was just, very ok! Nothing when compared ...
Five Stars
but I enjoyed it.
Family & Home
Challenging, delightful book!
Four Stars
Five Stars
important window
A Masterpiece
Tkam is so good. Hard to get into this.
Three Stars
Three Stars
Worth the journey
Five Stars
Five Stars
Undecided on liking or disliking this one.
Did not disappoint
Five Stars
Three Stars
and came to grips with race relations in the 60's with to pretty deep insight
Better than her original work!
Brilliant, Raw, Powerful, Timely
Listen to the controversy......Then read it anyway!
Three Stars
Purely backstory for Mockingbird
Four Stars
Can't top "To Kill A Mocking Bird"
Do read!
richness of "Mockingbird" but still a good read.
Must read do not listen to critics.
Excellent-her writing is amazing. I loved the period piece and how she ...
A good sequel
Three Stars
Three Stars
A long wait
"Watchman" Is More Of A True Reflection Of Our Grown-Up Selves
Just okay for all the hype
lots of detail.... sometimes loses the ...
Good read! If you like To Kill A Mockingbird
It's not Mockingbird
Don't Miss Reading This Story!!!!
Kept me turning pages into the night
Five Stars
Get [ em] Scout
Review of Go Set A Watchman by Harper Lee
Four Stars
Four Stars
Incomplete.
A good reads\
Did not like
Four Stars
What it was like in the South
Great Read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Random
Great Read - I couldn't put it down.
Harper Lee doesn't disappoint!!
but still a good read.
LOVED IT! First book I have wanted to read ...
Five Stars
worth a read
Was good, not her best work
Elder abuse. This book is an example. Somebody ...
I highly recommend it.
A must-read!
Five Stars
I can't say it was a particularly good book. I finished it
Go set a watchman
Personally speaking I really enjoyed the book
Two Stars
An interesting quick read! It kept my interest till ...
... a gift from a beloved icon who wrote the great American novel
Not a great read!
Go set a watchman!
A Slow Start
Five Stars
A grand discovery
Harper Lee writes in Donbridge
Great Book with a real perspective of human faults
Two Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Must read for all Harper Lee fans & a To Kill a Mockingbird
The Watchman: the Conscience
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
I was disappointed.
Go Set A Watchman
A great read!
Much to think about
I enjoyed the depth and content of this book more than ...
Five Stars
Good sequel
Loved it!
I was just the best!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Predicts a stellar talent
The Watchman is Not Yet Set
Taming Scout
Highly recommend it- I loved it.
I was very disappointed and would not recommend anyone read this book
" it doesn't have a great story. get your mind wrapped around these facts ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Entertaining reading!
Not to Kill a Mocking bird.
Five Stars
A great easy read.
Go Set a Watchman-deckled edge
Good writing, but not as good as To Kill a Mockingbird
Amazing!
Two Stars
I enjoyed the second half
Dramatic reading was spectacular!
Three Stars
Terrific
Five Stars
Must read
Great Book
Yawner
enjoyed it with my
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Not nearly as good as 'To Kill a Mockingbird' but enjoyed the book
At times, confusing
Not as good as "Mockingbird"
Poorly written... has to be written by ...
A Must Read
Puzzled
Truly insightful look at society as a whole.
A really great back story
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Love her voice as much as ever
I would highly recommend it.
Hi
Four Stars
Not to Kill a Mockingbird
An honest look at the times through the eyes of ...
just like the rest of us
loved it!
Delightful and insightful
Great book, not finished with it but great so ...
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
"Watchman" Shows by Omission  the Value of a Good Editor
Unchanged is Harper's Lee's Literary Magic!
An amazing work of writing that makes you at least glance at the world through the eyes of another and shows you nuances a
Atticus and Humpty Dumpty and Coach Taylor and Zeek Braverman
It Isn't Easy Being Scout
The Old Southern Culture's last shuddering gasp of breath....
Lets imagine if...
A coming-of-age novel for adults
A Different Standard
An alternate view of Southern sociology and psychology
Passionate yet immature -- still worth reading
Forget the Hype, A Deeper Message It Contains
love of anecdote
Five Stars
Ignore the controversy - if you loved Mockingbird, you'll enjoy Watchman
An Important Book About Bigotry
An Independent Conscience
Good Reading
The Genesis of To Kill a Mockingbird
White America experiences what Harper Lee experienced in the 1950s
Doesn't Stand Alone, But Superb Companion to Mockingbird
Watchman sees a different view
Not so much a previously-written sequel as a converse of Mockingbird
Go Set a Watchman Is Lee's Rough Draft of TKAM
The book 80% is This & That....
but I know I can recommend it if only on the basis of it being ...
Why We Need Harper Lee's Go Set a Watchman
“Any man in this world, any man who has a head and arms and legs, was born with hope in his heart. “
Go, and read this wonderful book.
The South Revealed
Fascinating book
Go Set a Watchman
I'm so glad it was published
You can see my star rating.. that is ...
Three Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Two Stars
GSaW
Three Stars
Just ok, not great
Four Stars
Three Stars
Awesome book. Now I think I will reread To ...
I thoroughly enjoyed it. Any critism must be from people who ...
Thank you, Scout
Happy Ms. Lee did not give up!
Five Stars
Worth the read
Five Stars
Great read
One Star
Thought provoking and uncomfortable
I am not sure?
To Kill A Good Story
John's Review
Five Stars
Gives another view of the family making them more human ...
Very disappointing.
Lukewarm for Set a Watchman
Go Cash a Paycheck
Four Stars
Five Stars
Read this.
Five Stars
Good read
this is the best book ever written
Love this book
Not as good as Mockingbird but I really liked it
Don't dismiss as a publishing ploy, read Watchman to complete the Mockingbird story
Two Stars
Though I have heard some controversy about the character of ...
Ok book
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
The unexpected at Maycomb
Beautiful piece.
... a classic as To Kill a Mockingbird but an excellent recreation of the feelings of many people in the ...
I liked the book very much
Pale Imitation
a winner!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Thought provoking
Fair at best. I can see why her editor sent her ...
Much anticipated
Stilted
Watchman makes us consider the complexities of race
Another Iconic Book from a Master
Definitely worth a read
Comment
Four Stars
Wonderful and so very thought provoking
Three Stars
A good read but
Meh.
It read as a draft and not a completed work ...
Wonderful
Deep South & race in the late 1950s
Five Stars
great for book club
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
should not have read early reviews
Masterfully crafted and very human
Sad.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Worth checking in on old characters.
Life repeats thru the ages.
Out of time
Don't read it
I enjoyed visiting with the Finch family again
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Intriguing!
I'm glad I read "To Kill A Mockingbird" right before reading ...
I thought the book was very good. It shows the way some people in the ...
Amazing writing by a brilliant author
Didn't expect it to be so wonderful but it picks up the story of Scout and ...
The Watchman's Heart
An important book for American readers seeking insight
Five Stars
Liked To Kill a Mockingbird
Three Stars
Five Stars
Was so so. Nothimngike mockingbird.
Had mixed emotions before I started the book but then ...
Yawn
Go Set A Watchman.
Five Stars
Five Stars
If you like to think for yourself...read this, please.
Disappointed!
I liked both of Harper Lee's books
Three Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Scout twenty years on, Just Read This!
A
not easy for ANY woman in the 1950's
Good follow up story
Updating Scout
Piece of History
Not disappointed!
Meh.
Just okay
Four Stars
but I like it.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Not disappointed
Four Stars
Four Stars
Good Read!
Novel tells what happened to the characters from TO KILL ...
Loved it
but so far I really like it. It's hard to not compare it to ...
Five Stars
I enjoyed the book immensely
Another Success
Enlightening
A lesson to young (student) authors... Writing is a process!
I really enjoyed this book
Just don't understand!
Five Stars
Nothing New
Two Stars
Great book. Slow to start but then gets to ...
I loved reading this book
Better than the "first" book
Five Stars
Wow!
Keeping it Real
Loved this book
Good reading entertaining
Got much better.
Not so good
Harper Lee at her best!
Curious, but a little disappointed.
Three Stars
Don't bother
enjoyed the
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
I was disappointed in the writing
Five Stars
Four Stars
😖
Isaiah 21:6...........Go set a watchman.
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Give it a shot!
Another Masterpiece but not as easy to like.
Five Stars
Worth Your Time
Southern literature at its best!
I liked the book
The book was excellent but was badly edited
Three Stars
As much as I liked "To Kill A Mockingbird" (I just read it again ...
Honest and Refreshing and Realistic.
I thought it was good. I'm glad I purchased a copy for myself
Atticus is the same man we know and love in Mockingbird
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
You can't go home again
Five Stars
Five Stars
Harper Lee Does it Again!
Total waste of time
Stay for the end.
THE READ ATTICUS FINCH
Scout Comes of Age
So-so
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beginning was slow. Would be hard to follow if ...
Good Read
One Star
Another winner from Harper Lee
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
A national perspective
Three Stars
One Star
Go set a watchman
Not a Sequel...But More Than a "Rough Draft"
Let's go home Scout. It's been a long day.
A Great Book
A book by its own; not simply a sequel.
Read it!
GREAT READ
It was wonderful to read about Scout's adulthood
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Timely story
Five Stars
Loved this as much as Mockingbird
The rest of the story
Recommended
Another classic
Five Stars
Why wait to release "Go Set a Watchman"?
SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN PUBLISHED.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Working on reading it.
harper lee book
One Star
but sad.
Five Stars
Slow start but interesting thereafter
Quite a read .
Truth Spoken
Heartbreaking and so relevant... It will never be allowed in public schools.
Should have stopped with to kill a mocking bird!
Great companion to "Mockingbird"
Drivel
Harper Lee does it again
Five Stars
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
I was constantly reminded how wonderful 'mockingbird' is
Tribal Relations and Youthful Gods - Southern Style!
Not Special
Well written and read
Sorry I Bought This
One Star
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
if not for the comparison to To Kill A Mockingbird, I'd give it five stars
One Star
Keep an open mind
Hard to teach and old dog new tricks.
Let's rewrite the ending
I thought this was excellently written and very realistic
I loved it!
It gives a great prospective of what the mindset must have been at ...
a muddy read
Four Stars
Love it!
Three Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Right on the mark
Three Stars
Good Sequel
If you have family members on Facebook who are all of a sudden shockingly racist, you may need to read this.
Not what I expected
A father/daughter relationship masterpiece
I get it!
Excellent Read.
Great Sequel!
An Essential Read
The private Atticus?
Racism Prevalence
Truly literature at its best....
An adult coming of age story
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
A classic!
Begins well but something is not quite right
Good Book, Not Guaranteed Delivery
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Dethroned Hero
Garage sale item
Wonderful Book
Four Stars
Will the real author please stand up?
A More Nuanced View of Southern Biggotry
A Look Back At Events That Shaped Us
Read it, and read it again, and then... read it one more time just to be sure you absorbed it all.
To Kill a Mockingbird Fans: prepare yourselves for a hard battle
Readers who are angry that Atticus is no longer the perfect father and wise elder need to grow up
Lee’s novel becomes better than great—rather
Nice to hang out with Scout again
A Compelling Story
This is NO "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Don't bother to read
Jean Louise Finch's story
Wonderful!
a must read!!!
Five Stars
Excellent Book. Wish Harper Lee kept writing more
Harper Lee Hits Home
I really loved the book
Not a terrible first effort
Not What I Was Expecting
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
New view of the Finch family
Disappointed
Important Now More than Ever
Don't be swayed by the negative press regarding Atticus being racist, read this book
Five Stars
Deserves a five!
The novel met my expectations for a good writing, equal to To Kill A Mockingbird
This book got bad press when it first came out
Harper Lee revealed
Enjoyed the righteous conflict between father and daughter...
A Great Book!!!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good Read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Misunderstood?
great! great!!! great!!!!!!
Excellent book, but misinterpreted by some.
Learning about the South from Harper Lee
Somewhat disappointing atory
Bursting the Bubble
Must read for anyone with ties to the deep south and a broader view of the world
A great read.  Look for the hidden meanings of people's actions.
A great piece of literature
I believe his actions in both books were based on his love of the law and not any kind of racial ...
Loved it for what it is (don't get caught up in what it isn't)
Interesting and thoughtful read.
Superb!
Beautifully written book, but no feminist masterpiece
Excellent!!
Library book
A Different View of Atticus
One Star
had hoped for more
Faith and trust...
her nurse are superbly drawn up characters in this wonderful book. some of the chapters are hilarious like ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
One Star
very good book
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Step back, pause, and listen
Five Stars
A difficult return to Maycomb
And I love the way she pictures the Southern ambiance
I thought it was an excellent novel. I liked that it was told from ...
I loved the book.  It showed that there is racism and bigotry in all of us,but we can also have goodness and do the right thing
Great to get back to familiar characters.
Four Stars
Don't buy it.
nice book
Don't miss this one
Re-read To Kill a Mockingbird first.
really really enjoyed it An ee
Short and expensive
One Star
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyable and Interesting
Glad that I read it
Harper Lee is an excellent writer.
Compartments.
You'd do well to actually read it
Thank you Harper Lee
This book offers Harper Lee's early observational descriptions and her ...
Scout is grown up!
Wonderful glimpse into history
Couldn't finish it.
Go,set a Watchman. By Harper Lee
Too close to the truth (and I loved it)
Thought provoking
A good read with a lot of depth
I am glad I am back in the NY area
Long Time Coming
I loved meeting adult Scout
Not predictable
Harper Lee is a fantastic writer.
Excellent book
Magnificent. I believe that too many people have misread ...
Very good. Like a step back in time
A Fitting Sequel To Kill A Mockingbird
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Disappointing after having just reread To Kill A Mockingbird.
Remarkable Book
Not an outstanding work
harper lee novel
Five Stars
Wonderful Sequel!
however I was disappointed in Scout's father
GOOD BUY
Two Stars
Go Set a Watchman stands on it's own.
Great Book!
Sequel to Mocking Bird
Newly released Harper Lee novel perfect complement for To kill a Mockingbird
Growing up in the South
Very Good.  Very Troubling.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fast paced.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Don't give up on the book too soon!  It's worth the time!
Wasn't prepared...
Two Stars
Five Stars
A daughter sees her father for who he is, not who he was
A great book!
Another chance to enjoy Harper Lee's genious
still think ok of Atticus
Five Stars
Disappointed
not happy
A MAGNIFICENT READ
It is amazing that the author was able to know the future ...
To kill a Mockingbird so good, this one I could not really get into
A book for all times
WONDERFUL
I thought it was pretty decent. The beginning is really good but as ...
Surprisingly dark look at beloved characters
A Two-Time Read
Watching for a Mockingbird
Save your money
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
big disappointment
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
... lesson that the man whom she most admired & loved, her father
Five Stars
Very thoughtful
Brilliant, authentic
I loved this book
It's Right on Time...
Thoroughly Enjoyable
Don't Believe the Thought Police -- Read This Book!
Very interesting
I liked the book
Five Stars
Now a Must
One Star
A great read !
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
The narrative is beautiful, and takes the reader back to the original ...
Man's take on Go Set a Watchman
I like it
Very interesting book for YA or adults. Vocabulary and ...
A must read to the end!
Glad I Ordered the Book
Five Stars
Terrific
Harper Lee's Original Source
Who's Guilty?
Tale of the Distant South Rings True
GREAT READ...SPOILER ALERT
An all-time anticipated book did not disappoint. I can understand why publishers were reluctant to ...
The Second of Two Great Books
Word had it that in this book, Atticus is ...
She has done it again
Just what I wanted.
Great First Novel
A truly great novel
Scout is as fascinating an adult as she was when a child
Give full attention to the entire book, not just the first portion.
Giving it a chance...
Conflicted Southern girl brought to reality
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
The ever present need to make right decisions for the future and good of others
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
What goes around comes around.
Relevant and Beautifully Written
Strong first novel
A truly fabulous novel
Thought Provoking
Read it!
Two Stars
Worth the read it you've read To Kill A Mockingbird
I was expecting more
Almost as good as To Kill  A Mockingbird
A Must Read.
Relevant
You can never go home
The author definitely paints pictures with her choice of words ...
Both Scout and Atticus are disappointing to me yet far ...
It's not finished
I loved this book.
A Good Read
A Sequel
This is a good book although I know some people did not like ...
Parents are people too
A must- read.
Five Stars
Loved the Book
It was interesting but I thought a bit thin. ...
I liked this book and considered the time period in which ...
A big disappointment.
Worth waiting for...
Five Stars
Five Stars
... it to "To Kill a Mockingbird" you may not like this book
Beautifully well-written book
Scout grows up!
Great cure for insomnia!
... perspective and values at that point in time are beautifully developed. I have a keen appreciation for her ...
As good a read as To Kill A Mockingbird
I enjoyed the book and felt that Scout was less disappointed ...
It was a great book and I'm glad it appeared as a sequel ...
Jean Louise is a memorable character!
Five Stars
not much to the book
Rip off
I think this is one of those books that is more appealing because of the fine reading.
The South as it is and was.
Thought provoking but disappointing
... a challenging book for anyone who has read and loved To Kill a Mockingbird
Reading "Go Set a Watchman" followed by a rereading of ...
Boring Disappointmen
Five Stars
great book!
I was happy to find the answer to question was Atticus Finch ...
Same wonderful style as was To Kill a Mockingbird
A book about healing
A great read. Good companion book to "To Kill a ...
Will become a great companion novel to Bird
Enduring work
Go set a Watchman.
Interesting view
I loved the relationship between Scout and her father
Thought it would another trial story but thought it was ...
A Winner
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
I'm very good book that I was not able to put down
I liked the book
Suprises!
Amazing
Bittersweet
An awesome and unforgetable read!
To Set a Watchman does not begin to measure up to her first novel.
I enjoyed reading the book because of the historical significance
One Star
I should have saved my money.
An excellent book that perhaps couldn't be published in the '50s ...
Don't kill the mocking Bird
Good, but not Great
A PUZZLING TITLE
I almost put it away, and then I couldn't ...
The Rest of the Story!
I loved it! I hadn't read To Kill a Mockingbird ...
I had never read "To Kill A Mockingbird" so I ...
A Hard Story
... book started slowly but and sometimes lagged but I enjoyed the book
Good historical background to "Kill a Mockingbird"
On it's own
Open Mind Required
READ THIS BOOK!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
A several times read
The novel starts to "disintegrate" towards the end, but ...
I loved this book
An excellent life lesson
Not what I expected
She waited for good reason.
DO NOT BUY OR READ THIS BOOK- HARPER LEE NEVER WANTED IT PUBLISHED
A Bygone Time?
It's complicated
I am SO glad this one was allowed to see the light of ...
Five Stars
Two Stars
Hurray for Harper Lee!!!!!
Sure glad she wrote "To Kill a Mockingbird"
A good depiction of 1950's Southern America and a young woman's ...
Outstanding even better than 'To Kill a Mockingbird'
People who think Atticus suddenly turned into a bigot are ...
Great follow-up to Mockingbird and Scout as an adult
perfect
Harper Lee's 2nd book
Slow to get into the story. By the end ...
It definitely helped that I had read To Kill a ...
Splendid, thought provoking.
Thank you for publishing this draft.
Very compelling and absorbing look at the Civil Rights movement ...
Full Circle
Excellent!
Interesting revisionist reimagining.
Harper Lee is a great author, but Atticus does not come out looking ...
It took awhile to read it and did not compare ...
Valuable insight into race relations in the South in the 1950s
Good read but "To Kill A Mockingbird " still my ...
I did not find it like that, I would highly recommend it
Affable story; Humorous and far less dry than TKAMB
Jipped and dupped
This book is terrible. I'm so disappointed in Harper Lee
Go set a watchman
Terrific book - don't listen to negative hype!
A great read, but not what I expected.
Another please!!!
... first I was afraid I was going to feel bad by the time I got to the end of ...
Not nearly as good as TKAM, but glad I read it
Hurrah for Atticus
Five Stars
A Gem
Fifty years coming out
Ashamed of all those here who have read this book
Interesting novel about one look at the southern views and ...
I have no words for the way my favorite characters turned out
Another Excellent Work
but blended nicely with To Kill a Mockingbird
Enjoyable
Thoughtful
love it
Help
This beautifully written novel is insightful and relevant
Highly recommended
Well done sequel
i can see where people would call Aticus a racist ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Go Set a Watchman
The story is told through Scout's eyes. The basis ...
All grown up...
Go Set a Watchman
Five Stars
Is the time right?
Set Your Own Watchman
I was surprised at the ending I wanted the story ...
Go Set a Watchman was written skillfully and has quite ...
A great sequel to her first novel
I know lots of people were disappointed and did not like to find out that Atticus ...
Loved it...
Thought provoking
Is it great? Not so much
I loved this story
Scout grows up.
I really liked this story
Was a good read. Too bad it took so long to ...
One of my favourite books of the year
Amazing, both terrible and beautiful at the same time
Interesting Follow-up
Harper Lee didn't Disappoint
The crash of a mythology
Atticus from a different perspective.
I though it was wonderful. I wanted to read it because it was ...
My heart is broken
Four Stars
harper lee
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Great book.
A must read for Harper Lee fans
Glad I read To Kill A Mockingbird first
Did not see what others were ranting about. Atticus did not come off as the bigot as many claimed
What a different story
Interesting
Wonderful...
Go set a Watchman
Interesting.
Great sociological study_ opened my eyes to a lot of ...
Five Stars
Harper Lee's return
I am Maycomb
Five Stars
Very good book.
Better than most of its reviewers can understand.
Challenges one's self-rightedness
Solid
Painful life lessons
forget TKM
a happy childhood
A Great insight
Harper Lee has a wonderful writing style
Five Stars
Great! I enjoyed the turn of events and how ...
Three Stars
Great read!
GREAT work!
Better than expected
Great Read
let it simmer and enjoy the ending
Loved it. First I reread To Kill a Mockingbird
Three Stars
Watchman is a poor effort for someone that would win a Pulitzer on ...
Five Stars
Old friends
Five Stars
Worth Reading
a stunning revelation
Go Set a Watchman was great!
Buy it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
mhm
Love Harper Lee!!!!
Go Set a Watchman
Just a wonderful read.
A conscience of a generation
You have to say you read it - but then you wonder was it worth the effort.
Another Harper Lee masterpiece.
Maybe a 5
A fine sequel to "Mockingbird"
The South of the US in the 50s is brilliantly described and it is written in the same whimsical ...
Great read
but disappointed in it so far
The voices of Scout and Atticus were clearly the same ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
very enjoyable.
Harper Lee
Four Stars
another great book
Five Stars
great, could not put it down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... the places in the heart most of us would like to return to
Better than Mockingbird
Great book
Five Stars
Amazing
I wouldn't miss reading a Harper Lee novel and I do recommend it.
Five Stars
... going but the second half was well written with good characterization that mirrors the deep south in the 1950's
An excellent read
Five Stars
It's a good book that all North American's should read and realize ...
The great lawyer with a race problem
Harper Scores Again
A Masterpiece
Haper Lee opens a window...again!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Two Stars
I found this to be an an excellent book. Some of the detail might not ring ...
Two Stars
Shameless
Great, wonderful, fabulous. Yes, it is well worth reading
A quick and wonderful read. Still very relavent to today's issues
Five Stars
positive review
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great defense of the Civil Rights Movement.
Don't pass on it if you loved TKAM
Five Stars
Disappointed
Must Read
Lee on target with Racial interactions
Five Stars
If I still taught high school English I would love to use this in an AP English class along ...
Love
Five Stars
Five Stars
Much ado about nothing
A taste of wisdom
That required great self control
Ok
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Wish she had written more books. . .
Five Stars
A GREAT READ. SHE KEEPS YOUR ATTENTION ALL THE WAY
Great Book
Superb!
A Book For All
If Only...
Five Stars
Everything I loved about TKAM, in reverse and raw ugliness
Harper Lee Never Misses.....Another Classic From One of America's Favorite Authors!!
" I just finished reading this wonderful book, and I absolutely recommend it
Five Stars
Slow read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great setting. Fine writing. Interesting perspective. Prophetic in many respects.
I'm a slow reader
Haven't finished reading it yet. I do not want ...
Four Stars
Not as good as Mockingbird, but fairly good read
Another classic
Masterful tale of the process of coming to know your self
Five Stars
Four Stars
Are You Brave Enough to Grow Up?
Growing older in a complex and imperfect society
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Read the book, Don't believe the critics
Once I started reading I didn't stop until I finished
It fulfilled our thoughts on how Scout grew up.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very disappointed, don't waste your money
Comment
A painful time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
like To Kill A Mockingbird
Five Stars
Wonderful and Worthy Sequel to "To KIll a Mockingbird"
Five Stars
Leaves you wanting another sequel!
Four Stars
One Star
It's not what you've heard
I found it difficult to enjoy because of my love for her first published book
One Star
horriblle
Five Stars
Timeless ENJOYMENT to the very end!!
but the book wasn't that good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thank You Harper Lee
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not her best writing but well worth reading.
Scout took you through her world.
Perfect timing
It was worth the wait.
New Book
Three Stars
Three Stars
Stick with "To Kill A Mockingbird"
So far, so good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read IT for a treat
This isn't so good.
Interesting and thoughtful treatment of a young woman coming into herself as an adult
Life is not black and white!
Great sequel
Five Stars
... Set A Watchman" and so far I am very pleased.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Go Set a Watchman
I love TKAM. I am glad I read it
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Four Stars
Five Stars
great story!
Not for the sappy sentimentalist.
Required reading
was very disappointed in the overall production
I loved this book
Five Stars
Don't know yet
but love it.
Relevant
Great!
Like many others Mockingbird was one of those books I'll ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
TKaM was NOT a fluke
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Sequel to an American Classic
it just may be the perfect book at the perfect time
If You've Already Judged This Without Even Reading It, You're Ignorant And Uneducated, Plain And Simple
Go Set a Strawman  - still fascinating to visit Maccomb again with Scout
Go Set A Watchman. Yes.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Most people I have talked to said they didn't like this book for the sole reason that it didn't ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I really liked this book even though I had been told that ...
Southern novel.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved the book.
Interesting read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Have we improved race relations?
good
Wonderful
A wonderful end to a timeless stiry
Four Stars
Disheartening
Divisively Difficult, and Morally Brilliant
I understand why this was rejected by publisher at the tome
Worth the read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Disappointing
Hateful
Five Stars
Provides a good picture of what the beloved characters from "To Kill ...
I'm glad I read it
BRILLIANTLY PROVACATIVE
Five Stars
Boring
Go Set a Watchman! !!!
Not as good as I wanted.
The Mockingbird's Encore
Some reviewers in the media were not happy with the book or the context
Thanks Harper Lee
Five Stars
Smooth Reading
Five Stars
Racism or Realism
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great and inspiring book
Very Good Book - Worth Reading
informative sequel
Obviously not as good as the first book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
The writing flows.
I can  recommend "Go set a Warchman"
Broke my heart and crushed my soul. Absolutely magnificent.
Complex, relevant and thought provoking in these troubled times, with the strongest possible feminist lead.
Unique
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
I am so glad I read this
Best read of the year!
Great read. Love the angle and the character
Not A Classic
Maycomb in the 50s & times are changing!
Although many have denounced Atticus in this novel as a ...
No
One Star
It was so nice to read this novel from the adult perspective
Ideal for Children.
Five Stars
The book is fantastic! So Atticus got old a little more eccentric ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Harper Lee has a great touch for writing about the South of years gone ...
Racist for all the right reasons
Five Stars
Really enjoyed this book
There are deviations from TKAM that really read like they were written AFTER TKAM was completed
It is very well written. Harper Lee is definitely ...
Harper Lee was already one of the greatest authors of our generation. This cements that.
I was really disappointed with this book in the beginning but stuck with ...
Amazing!
loved the book
Five Stars
Five Stars
An Excellent Book!
Lee Does It Again!
A brilliant book
Go Set a Watchman
Two Stars
None
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent Book Highly Recommend
Very thought provoking.
Fantastic book. "To Kill a Mockingbird" has always been ...
Four Stars
To Kill A Mockingbird is my favorite film of all time
Five Stars
great reading
Five Stars
Three Stars
An honest analysis of complex issues by someone who has walked in Southern shoes which almost no critics have done.
I liked it better than her first novel
Not the least bit disappointing!
Five Stars
Interesting
Good thinking exercise
A must read!
So good!
bearing to steer the toilete
good read
somewaht of a disappointment due to all the hype
Spoiler alert
Set watchmen
I really liked it.
To Kill a Mockingbird is an all-time favorite of mine and I loved having the chance to ...
Wow! Wow! Wow!
DO NOT READ THIS BOOK!
Fascinating read
Good product
Scout has grown up and is dealing with adult issues ...
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
AMAZING read - Totally lived up to the predecessor
I loved it and plan to read it again
I think it shows Adicus Finch as a very good man but with flaws
Book for its time.
It's a Christmas gift. So, I'm unable to ...
but I seems like it was really large print
but I am so disappointed in it
To Kill A Mockingbird Part 2
Incredible narration
One Star
Five Stars
Loved it!
Loved It!
the author is a fantastic writer.
A great writer delivers
Exceptional tale
No Mockingbird
To Kill a Reputation
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Powerful
Five Stars
never thought I would get to read more about Scout.
Lee's a good writer. Deep understanding of the feelings of her
Five Stars
Do not waste your money
Very thought provoking
Great, insightful Read!
however you look at it, it's racist
Five Stars
Enjoy before comparing
certainly not a classic, but far better than I expected and ultimately worthwhile
Not What I Want but What I Need
Go Set a Watchman
Five Stars
Four Stars
A very thoughtful and brilliant book
Really intriguing to meet Scout as a young woman. ...
Atticus is not a racist.
I did enjoy the book
Shadows come forth
Five Stars
Atticus Still an Honorable Man!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK
Buy it and read it for completion and simple enjoyment.
love it
Well written so far
Four Stars
It see obvious to me that because the South was the way it was then ( and parts of it is like that still
Five Stars
The truth hurts.  Everyone's a little bit racist.  Only honesty will bring true social change.
you will love it
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!
Four Stars
Interesting sequel
READ
Five Stars
Great book!
Read this as a pre-cursor artifact
Four Stars
Two Stars
Horrible! Just Horrible!
i can't believe i fell for this
Five Stars
Not as good as 'to Kill a Mockingbird', just 'OK'
Great read!
Five Stars
Enjoyed this one as much or even more than To Kill A Mockingbird.
Five Stars
Five Stars
An easy, insightful story.
When does the movie come out?
Definitely a couple of surprises and a damn good read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
From another era. Fantastic. And relevant today, still.
A Watchman-your conscience...
It has been a great read. I have a hard time putting the ...
Why it really doesn't matter if this book is "good" or not
I was seriously disappointed and would like a refund
Five Stars
I am from Alabama and was looking forward to this book
Five Stars
BORING
Find yourself and some peace
should be required reading in our schools
Masterpiece
Interesting read after reading To Kill A Mocking Bird first ...
I will say it flows and reads like "Mockingbird" in true Harper Lee style and that makes ...
Good to meet characters again
Five Stars
Great buy!!
A classic >> must read
Five Stars
A long wait well worth it
In fact it was one of my favorite novels of all time
Highly recommend to any lover of literature.
A Worthy Sequel To "To Kill A Mockingbird!"
Sequential Success!
What hurts more is how much we love "To kill a mockingbird"
Unlistenable
One Star
Four Stars
Question above are silly. Harper Lee does not need ...
After this atrocity of a book, rebooting the Harper-verse is the only opinion.
poor Quality production
cheater- cheater!
Five Stars
Excellent
Good enough
Four Stars
Harper Lee's best novel since To Kill a Mockingbird!
The gullible American public will buy anything that is heavily ...
I
