Fantastic!
May Be Kristin Hannah's Best Book ...
What An AMAZING Novel -- Five Stars Isn't Enough
I felt compelled to write this review for the other readers like me who are drawn to highly rated books with ...
So anachronistic!
... to agree with the reviewer that said it read like "Nancy Drew joins the Resistance"
Show, don't tell
Very Disappointing
Weak
it was nothing like the story in this book
Mistakes abound, one sister ages four years while another ...
It left me feeling like I had just eaten a meal of air.
Pixelated Pulp Fiction
Adjective Central
Familiar story line strewn with unreal characters...........
Could Have Been A whole lot more
Merde
An adult subject, but by an author who was more "young adult" in style..
but then became disgusted with the character development
Beaucoup de clichés!!
THE NIGHTINGALE SOARS!!
Just awful
Magnificent. Extraordinary.
It seemed like a trivialization of what Occupied France went through
The story was weak and the writing terrible. The characters had too many coincidences and unbelievable ...
Disappointing and frustrating read
Hackneyed and cliche-ridden chronicle.
book written for teens
I was delighted Ms. Hannah increased my own understanding of this ...
Pretty Mauvais
Overrated, formulaic, predictable, poorly written glorified romance novel
Suspenseful and romantic at the same time, and offers readers a very personal portrait of life in wartime
Surprisingly mediocre.
great book
Badly written novel
Disappointing WWII Novel
Plot is much better than the disappointing writing
A melodramatic view of the French resistance through the eyes of America
Annoying
As so many people have rated this book so highly I really wanted to enjoy reading it but.........
Not a literary endeavor; sophomoric writing and poorly developed ...
I hated how the writer deliberately withheld which sister is alive ...
The Best Book That I Have Ever Read
Unbearable.
Ho-hum historical fiction
Audio Book CD is 17 hours of compelling storytelling detailing the life in Nazi occupied France
I hate to quibble about certain details that were wrong or ...
Why don't editors do their job?
Not worth reading
Kristin Hannah Tackles the Horrors of WWII
It is one I would have avoided like the plague not too long ago
WWII Chick Lit
A new subject for Kristin Hannah.
Believable fiction based on WW2 facts
I enjoyed the book
5 stars plus a bit more, if Amazon would let me
Emotional and Unforgettable - A 5-Star Read from Kristin Hannah
but I really felt like I was experiencing a Lifetime movie or The Hallmark ...
I would actually get in a bad mood just by reading this book
I can only repeat what all the other one-star reviews ...
Disappointing
One Star
long, but worth the effort.
Literary deja vu
One Big Cliche
Trite page turner
Did not hold my interest...
Disappointed
A must read!
Two Stars
nightingale
One Star
This Bird Doesn't Sing For Me
It seems like the author bought a boatload of adjectives and then ...
Huge disappointment.
The Nightingale
Kristin Hannah has written a significant novel...
A Tale of Two Sisters: Kristin Hannah's "The Nightingale"
Good book that needs better research
The Great and A bit Not So Great........I did Purchase Book From Amazon!
Superb Historical Novel of French Women During WWII
The Nightingale
In War We Find Out Who We Are
Stunning and Exquisite
Watch the news, folks!!!!
Interesting story that kept me listening....
A Compelling Story Written by a Consumate Storyteller
A truly breathtaking account of love and strength
One Of The Most Emotionally Impactful Books I've Read In Quite A While!
A transformative experience
Fiction Based on Truth
Just seemed like a romance novel set in WWII
Richly Realized Historical Fiction
It read like a school essay
The Nightingale is a beautiful and inspiring story that you will never forget!
poor, but noble
An amazing story of true love and courage!
Reads almost like a mystery war adventure
An exceptional novel about two sisters in WWII occupied France
Story of Truths
I've read better
Total waste of time
... the reader made this excellent story come alive!
Mon dieu ...
Read All the Light We Cannot See instead
A Saga of Sisters
Excellent, excellent book
Not Impressed
Didn't find all that interesting
Read this book!
A so-so book for a long trip... (review of CD version)
I will miss this book.
especially compared to Doer's wonderful novel. I love novels about WWll
Marvelous!
Very Disappointed
Where did this come from
Good story, so-so writing.
Poor writing. Had to put it aside after a ...
An informative take on the Resistance to the Nazi regime in France
WW2 & Women Survivors
Spectacular
I found to be unnecessary. Thankfully it doesn't happen very often
A heart wrenching trip to France in WWll
Courage and Unspeakable Hardships
The Nightingale
Well worth the time to read.
Superb
seemed like she hired a frosh lit student to write her ...
A Must Read!
Incredible story of war, families, love, hate, utter despair and happiness
Melodramatic and corny.
Excellent!
I highly recommend this book
We cannot forget...
The storyline seemed like it could be captivating
Shallow Nightingale
Reads like a romance novel
A great book! Many of the French people living in ...
Two Women's War Story
I loved this book
Excellent historical novel
Gripping story set in World War II France
The Audible narration was easy to listen to
Good plot but poor format
Two Stars
Not so much
Simply spellbinding!
Wonderful story, but know that it is intense.
A Spell-binding, Heroic Novel
Spellbinding Novel
Another great Hannah read
Incredible read...
A MUST read!!! I would recommend this book to everyone.  This is one of the
Touching book
Such an amazing story
I wouldn't comfortably recommend it to my friends
A story of two true heroines!
A touching story
Can't stop thinking about this wonderful story
Save for airplane or beach reading
Gorgeous
A Very Good Read
From a writer at the top of her craft
ordinary people doing extraordinary things!
It wasn't just bodies, they broke people's hearts too....
The initiative is great; the style not so much
This WWII story of sisters and reconciliation will break your heart
The Nightingale Has Sung
The Nightingale
A superb book with all the elements of a best seller, satisfying literature
I'm afraid my short review will not do this exceptional novel, The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah, justice.
in love we find out who we want to be
Perfectly Heartbreaking and Powerful
The book I wish I had written
Emotional steamroller
LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!!!
A poignant compelling historical fiction, of two strong courageous sisters faced with challenges, of love, life, and survival!
If You Can Only Read One More Book In Your Life, Read This One!!!
Amid the growing hate and terror
Susan Petrunya
Dixie Diamanti
I loved the story, but wish I'd read the book instead of listened to the audiobook.
Don't Bother Reading Reviews...Read the book!
So very moving!
Brave women of an era full of pain!
The  tragedy  of war  in Paris and the  strength of  those  who  tried to  help.
was like no other Kristin Hannah novel I've ever read
I would give this 10 stars if I could!
I feared it would be too much like the other Nazi/French resistance book but it far surpassed ...
Women and the French Resistance in WWII
Excellent
My favorite book of the summer
Truly a wonderful book
this is a wonderful book! The characters stay with you - I ...
An incredible book
Too much tragedy squeezed into one book.
I loved every single moment of this well crafted story and ...
The author makes the reader to feel like you're right there
Maybe it was because I had heard that this book was so good that it was a 5 star book
Powerful
Don't not read this book,  you will be missing a lot of wonderful and awful...wonderful writing and storytelling and awful histo
Lyrical
Utterly fantastic
MOUNTAINS TO CROSS
Beautiful.  Simply beautiful.
Fascinating story of French women's struggle during WW II.  A must read for fans of this genre.
easy to read
The Best Book!
Beautiful & Poignant story of love and sacrifice
Occupied France
A Must Read!
The women of occupied France
Great story but I should have gone with the book
Opposing Means of Surviving WWII
HR LADY
... tears to my eyes it was one of the best I ever red
One of the BEST!
One of the most amazing books I've ever read
The Best or as good as it gets.
A heart wrenching must read for all!
Could not put the book down!
WW II book of France involvement
Typical Kristin Hannah but in a sad time
You've come a long way, baby!
WOW
So many Heros
A moving tribute to the brave women who fought in different ways in occupied France during World War II.
This may be my favorite novel set during WWII
This is one of the best. The stories plot line moves quickly
Couldn't put it down
good read, depressing, good twist
5 Stars for The Nightingale
Will remain in my top 10!
The Other Side of War
Engrossing read with a few alienating narration choices.
To be fair, the book description didn't interest me much...
A "Must Read"
MUST READ!!
AMAZING
A book like this comes along only a few times in a generation
Beautiful sad intense story of fictional yet very real lives
Moved to tears
Unpretentious
Best Kristin Hannah Book Ever!!
anyone else who enjoys such stories of heroism should enjoy "The Nightingale
UNFORGETABLE
So real.
Powerful
Best book I've read in a long time
Courage of women during wartime!  Fantastic!
Heartwrenching
I would recommend it for sure
Men, as well as women should read this book
Incredible Book
Doing what you can, can make a difference
entertaining read but...
A Must Read Masterpiece!
Powerful historical romance
A Darker Kristin Hannah
war brings strength
One of best books I've read in quite some time!  A nice mix of history, family, and storytelling.
Must read
Remarkable
A Book That Will Haunt You Long After You Turn the Last Page.
Singing Nightingale's Praise
Fabulous
Close to Perfection
Survival and Resistance
Keep reading past the first few chapters.
Fascinating
History Lesson thru Fiction
Very compelling book loved. Loved
Loved this book.
Well Told Story Of The Strength Of Woman
The Nightingale - A moving and thought provoking read
Couldn't Get Into It
Personal War Story
This is a good novel that keeps you interested
Powerful
The most important novel of the year!
Delightful Journey Through Time and Love
Heart wrenching, but beautifully done
Wonderful
A must read for those that enjoyed, "All The Light You Cannot See"
Sensational! Impossible to put down. Be prepared to cry, as the author cleverly depicts strength of human character under advers
Read this book now!!
Incredible book on what the French went through with the Nazis.
Romancing History
who gradually fell in love with he girl
I really enjoyed this book
Interesting story- well told
STORY -TELLING AT ITS FINEST!
Great from beginning to end!
A Gripping Historical Fiction About Women in World War 2
Remaining Human in the face of Inhumane Circumstances
WWII AND A UNIVERSAL MESSAGE
I did not find it interesting. It did not ...
A Must Read
Unrealistic romance ruined this one for me
I was amazed at the moving description of character
An Excellent and Moving Story - Recommended
Love of family survives in war.
I've been known to cease reading some books halfway through, but not this one!
A Story of Remembrance
Have your handkerchief ready!
Wonderful WWII novel
The Untold Story of the Women's War in World War II
Heartbreak of a family torn apart
Sherman was right
Great read!
My favorite line in this book which sums up the whole ...
Kristin Hannah's Best Book!
In addition to the heartbeaking reminder of how Jewish people were hunted down and so horribly disposed of
May we never forget! Fantastic WWII tale.
but anyone would enjoy this book
Perfect book club read
Horrible times but Beautifully drawn.
Amazing story, it had me researching WWII and thinking ...
I will read this book again in the future and highly recommend the read
This is very good historical fiction
Smile, laugh, love, cry. This book had it all!!
Her sibling appears to be better adjusted with a husband and the beginnings of a ...
Kept me on the edge of my seat!
A page turning story
Love in tragedy<3
Author creates depth of characters in a real, and compelling way.
This is an exceptionally fine novel about life in Nazi occupied France during WWII
A Tough but Important Historical Tale
Good reading if you are at least 75 years old
Soul touching, fabulously written and a true testament to love, heroism and trust
Impossible to put down, very hard to top!
This was our book club choice for August and usually ...
A True Treasure of a Novel!
Couldn't put it down.
I really enjoyed the story
I loved the book I felt I was right there with ...
Captivating Historial Novel
Accurate historical fiction with an intriguing look at love.
I am so glad I save my 5 stars for the books that ...
We can never forget!!  A great read!!!
I really got into this story and enjoyed it very much
Unfortunately rather accurate
A very good read despite the few
I loved this book
Unforgettable!
Really tough read
Secrets can save your life, or change it forever. Stunning in its power and grace, an intriguing novel of wartime France
Viva La France????  Hell No!!!
I enjoyed this book but It was intense and dark and ...
Not disappointed
Another superb offering by Kristin Hannah
A WONDERFUL BOOK!
France during its occupation is historically well done and characters ...
... was really just an add on to a really good story, but with "The Nightingale" the history was ...
Outstanding Read!
Whole New Perspective Of WWII A True Page-Turner: Read In 1-Day!
An incredible story of one courageous family's struggle to survive and retain humanity the face of inhuman atrocities.
Recommended
You wan't to read this book...and you'll be very glad you did
You don't want to pass this one by
Nightingale
Excellent read!
Outstanding, just outstanding
Love through the horror of war!
A Testament to Humanity
It seems to me that we all enjoy different things
The Nightingale
I gave this book 5 stars for many reasons. ...
Great book. Kept me guessing.
Wonderful story and writing!
'The Nightingale' is a reading list must read
Cannot part with it!
This book will become a classic
I love Kristin Hannah's style of writing and would recommend any ...
Amazing book!
Sad to see it end
Renewed my LOVE for audio books!
"If you're going through hell, keep going"
A good tale of a black period in the history of Europe
A book you will always remember" Yes, Good can out of evil".
Absolutely loved this story
The Pages Flew As I Read this Great Novel
Outstanding
I'm so very glad that The Nightingale slipped under my deadline
What will happen next?
Beautiful, Heart Wrenching Read
The family dynamics were fantastic. Kristin took relationships that seemed broken beyond repair ...
Excellent Portrayal of the Plight of Women under the Nazi's
A Perfect Book
Heartbreaking and heartwarming story ! A must read
Loved this!
Kristin Hannah Does it Again- in a very different genre!!
Persevering and Love
A page turner from the start!
Great read
A powerful story of survival
Quick, full, emotional read.
Wonderfully crafted story.
Five Stars
Had me turning the pages
You will live with these characters for awhile . . .
who is beautiful, adventurous
Simply amazing.
Omg.
An amazing read!
Pass
As there had to be in a story like this, there was violence and sexual content
beauty and courage through my tears
the characters' love for their country and their courage in the face ...
Beautifully written
Riveting story, beautifully told
sorrow and joy expressed by the characters in this story as they ...
Well written.... couldn't put it down ...
Felt like I was there and glad that I wasn't
A good read and a sensitive look at the Nazi Occupation of France
This is one of the best books I have ever read in my life
Loved it!!
Helped me appreciate life and the fine moments we rarely have
Outstanding Historical Novel
AMAZING!! Read this book!
insipid and stupid
Don't miss this book!
France in WW2  in a way I hadn't thought of
A remarkable story.  Get it and thank me later.
Wow!
One of those books you can't stop thinking about
Just read this book!
Intriguing and Fascinating Story!
The Nightingale was a great read! I wasn't sure if I could take ...
The Nightingale -- A Good Read
Awful
This is one of the very best WWII books I have read
I've read a hundred ww2 books but this one, is the most emotional.
A touching. tale of Two sisters
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great story, great characters with the will to survive  in Occupied France in WWII...
Great Historical Fiction
Slow start, incredible finish.
but I'm glad I stuck with the story
Heart wrenching page turner
Amazing book - I felt every emotion the characters were feeling
Historical, Entertaining and Meaningful...
Best book I've read in a long time
Meh
Tale of Courage and Survival
A story of sacrifice and bravery during the harsh reality of World War II France.
Amazing story!!
I love Kristin Hannah's books
This book will stay with you
A story that stays with you long after you've read the last page
A sisters bond will never be broken
One of the 10 best novels of the year!
Inspiring Story of Survival Set in WW2 France
The Nighingale
Transporting Read
The Nightingale left me breathless and in awe.
Absolute MUST Read!
Historical Fiction HIT!
The Best Book I've Read In a Long Time
I really like Kristin Hannah's books & have read most of them
Absolutely my newest favorite book!
Hated to reach the end....
Best way to find out what it was really like in occupied France during WWII.
Isabel's constant longing for acceptance and love from her father and sister was very painful for ...
I love Kristen Hannah books!!  This one is probably the best of hers.
Summer Reading for sure ...
Another excellent WWII book
Outstanding
This is one of those books that stayed with me ...
it's horrible, never knowing where to turn or when you ...
Absolutely incredible !
Great historical fiction
An emotionally charged reading
This book is unforgettable
Five Stars
Beautiful and Poignant
Hannah's books and this one may be my favorite.
Is this an original story or a copy cat?
This is a beautiful story of courage and love
Brilliantly written!
Not light reading but worth the commitment
Rich and engaging
Two sisters, one War
Five stars are not enough
A beautiful and poignant story
A must read!
Lovely story
this is one of the best books I have ever read
Beautifully moving story
Really enjoyed this book
Amazing story, loved it
Easily Hannah's best novel to date
predictable and a bit sappy
like I am
The nightingale has sung, and continues to sing in my heart!
Loved this book
Thoroughly enjoyed this book - although the subject of World War ...
Anachronisms didn't bother me.
Memories fade...well at least they become shadows
This was the first book since Gone Girl that I ...
Words can't describe how glad I am that I gave it a chance
A war time story
Hold on to your book!
A WWII Novel
I have enjoyed many of Kristin Hannah's books but I think The ...
Excellent storytelling. Historically revealing. A heartfelt book.
Wonderful Book
EPIC STORY OF OCCUPIED FRANCE DURING WORLD WAR 11 OF TWO SISTERS.
Beyond words.
"You should read this book!"
I fell in love with the book
I liked the introduction of mysterious (only revealed at the very ...
Excellent. I'm old enough to have a few memories ...
Beautiful.
Absolutely Wonderful!
What a remarkable way Kristin Hannah has with delivering a story that captures you and keeps you at every turn of the page.
There are better books available
This is one of the best books I've ever read
We must never forget!
This author NEVER disappoints!
Better than a book you cannot put down
Vivid and riveting
Weak copy editing
Heartbreaking
4 to 4.5 Stars
An emotional roller coaster to be savored
A really good story from a different perspective
Fantastic! I'm not knowledgeable enough about World War II ...
and this is one of the best I've ever read
The silent hereos of World War II
Loved this book.
Excellent Story
The bravery of women.
Tears...
Must Read!
Five Stars
Enjoyable Read
Heart Wrenching
Women Heroes under Extraordinary Conditions
Touching and Moving Booking
The evils of war
Couldn't put it down...
Women, war, and Courage
The writing was very good, good character developments and really
Beautifully written story.  What a talent Kristin Hannah is.
I really liked this book and its characters
I really loved this book
French civilians in a time of war
Fantastic!
Riveting  Read
Slow start then into the middle of occupied France with multiple characters and a vivid picture of dealing with Nazi horrors
One of the best WWII books I have read in a long time
Four Stars
A novel that I will literally never forget.
This book was very easy to put down the first ten chapters or so
The Story of A Heroic Woman Whose Spirit Is Likened to A Nightingale
The author did great research and really piqued my interest
Riveting
Once I started this read, I had to finish ...
Mediocre novel about WWII in France.
Beautiful novel
Brings WWll to your doorstep.
Treat yourself!!
Excellent
This book was WONDERFUL. It was consistently engaging and always interesting
Binge Reading for Historic Fiction Fans
French Family Drama of Occupation
Best yet
Highly emotional
great title, as it relates to the character of ...
Survival
I Recommend It
A thoughtful read.
Good read, but slightly inaccurate in places.
You must read this book!!!!
While I enjoyed the story
Excellent!
Great historical novel
The Nightingale was not the first book I have read ...
I read the book in two evenings and loved it even though it involved the horrible evils of ...
Each one thinking the other is the better person. Love helps them see beyond the day ...
Captivating!
This had a good enough story
personal Love
The many sides of bravery.
I lived as a teenager during WW2 and knew terrible things happened but was not aware of what was ...
Must read!
Characters you despise, others you admire. Some you love and others you hate, all blended into a new/old story of WWII.
No spoilers here..
Four Stars
I love the stories of the two sisters as they deal ...
Excellent, well-written, and well-researched novel
I would give it 10 stars and it would not be enough!
Amazing story of heroism, endurance, and heart!
absolutely engrossing!
One of the best of recent books
Fabulous Read!!! Loved It!!!
Beautiful, haunting book! One of my favorite books!
Excellent Read
inspiring story
Worthwhile Reading
Superb
The Nightingale Sings!
Amazing and eye opening...
Bittersweet
A powerful story. A must read.
A must read
Powerful and beautifully written
Great read!
Thought Provoking
Good plots and construction, slightly above average writing, great ending
Kristin Hannah has produced a great insight into the role of women and the French ...
Long book, but an amazing story. A book i never wanted to end
Good WW II READ
BOOK OF THE YEAR
Lives up to the promises
The writing is both beautiful and non-obtrusive so that the story seems carried completely ...
A Haunting Story!!
A Must Read!
Amazing
Moving story about a horrifying time in history
War Hero Sisters
Love anything Kristin Hannah writes! Don't miss this one!
Positive review of The Nightingale
The Nightingdale is a must read!
I have read hundreds of good books over the years and have never felt compelled ...
The ending was beautiful and brought tears to my eyes
Page turner!
A Worthwhile Look into What the Vichy Government Created in France
Capturing history and humanity
Best of Her Books!!
Another great book by Kristin Hannah
I hope this book wins so many honors for the author
Good fictional recount of the impact of the Nazi regime ...
This is the best book that I have read about WWII
Wonderful Story!!!!
This book was amazing from start to finish
World War II in the French Countryside
First half of the book drew me in with the ...
Second half of the book better than first half
most captivating book I've read in a very long time
thrilling story
Faith, Hope & Love and the greatest of these is Love!
The Nightingale
This is my favorite book that I have read this summer - I ...
I really enjoyed to book and it was very interesting to see ...
WWII story -
It is a great book, worth to spending time
A great read!
Story of women in Nazi-occupied France
thinking things would surely get better for the residents of this little French village
Monumental,moving,masterpiece.
An excellent read
Nightingale
Memorable
The Nightingale is a beautifully written story
Amazing
The book made me see how two sisters can be war hero's and I'll admit at first it thought it may be one of those mushy romance n
I truly enjoyed this book it was an interesting story and the ...
Review of The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah
The Nightengale is a tear jerker for sure but what a beautiful story it is.  Try it SOON!
A book to highly recommend!
Riveting Historical Fiction
I really enjoyed it. It was hopeful
Reading it twice!  Extraordinary!
The Nightingale : This will make your heart race and be fearful.
Fantastic book!
Just Wonderful....
Nicely written, thoughtfully conceived
but I know what I like, and I liked The Nightengale
A wonderful tribute to the brave women on the home-front in ...
Heartbreaking and uplifting
Mostly it is a sad book, but it also makes you think so ...
Please Read This One.  It is a great book.
Excellent Story
One Amazing Book!!
Based on that assumption the plot is good with a few twists and turns speaking of heroics ...
Heartbreaking and hopeful all at the same time.
Love your Neighbor as you love yourself.
I am so glad I read this book.
Girl Power
Another excellent book by Kristin Hannah!
A story of the Resistance during World War II
A terrific read.
I absolutely loved this book
Timely Piece
"Nightengale", all to real
A different view about WWII
Unforgettable.
Victory
Two Stars
human interest
The BEST of the BEST!
Great Read
There are books that are entertaining or fun to read
Hannah's best book yet!
but the writing was simple and to the point - a very and informative good read.
review of "the Nightingale"
Heart rending, honest look at what it is like to live in a war zone
A beautiful read in the eorst of times
Deeply Moving
Two thumbs up!
It was wonderfully written, and I enjoyed reading it
I don't usually like to read about war, especially world war 2 as my parents are from Germany and have talked about their memori
Thoughtful, Enlightening Story
FOR LOVE OF COUNTRY
Historical Nonfiction Extraordinaire
Great story of the French Resistance
A great feature from my perspective
Hauntingly beautiful story.
Nightingale, YES
Well done Kristin Hannah.
The Nightingale - a great summer read!
A Different View of Germans re WW2
A "MUST" read for many! Fabulous story!
Tough To Beat!!!
I highly recommend it!
Stellar Movie Material, Not for Women Only
And yet the storylines move along swiftly- good balance! I have only read maybe one other ...
I can't type....I'm crying
I'm not going to do a synopsis of the story here - there are many of them already on the Amazon site - but suffice it to say tha
This is an amazing story. Best historical fiction book I have read
Courage when you thought you had none
A must read
I love Kristin Hannah's books so was determined to read this ...
Unforgettable!
Must Read
I gained a great deal of understanding from reading this novel
Fantastic reading!
Gripping story of two French sisters, one in the French Resistance, during Nazi occupation
this was a good read and discussion for a book club
Great book about powerful women
Horrible audiobook narration; Good story;  Read this, don't listen to the audiobook.
as well as delivering a wonderful story with strong characters
One of the top five of more than 100 books I have read in the last 12 months
One I Will Never Forget!!
Women who helped others survive during WWII in France
Viva La France.....or you cannot totally destroy spirit!
Great book, enlightening and emotional about life during WWII
What a beautiful heartbreaking read
EXCELLENT
How to survive the pain of WWII and to make a difference!
The nightingale, a must read, recommend you have the tissue box ready
Sisters in the French Resistance in WWII
The Nightingale is the story of two sisters living in ...
She believed that all people were loved and should be treated with respect
but doubtful that one could suffer through the story without the love songs sung
Wow!! Highly recommended!
Fabulous
I could not put it down and learned a lot about human sacrifice- Amazing!
Excellent!
Just....read this book!!!
It was also refreshing to have the Catholic Church play a useful and humanitarian role
A Must Read
I loved this WW II book because it didn't dwell on ...
but nevertheless a good read.
Have Tissues while reading
A great read
Strong and Determined.
A rollercoaster
The Nightingale
I enjoyed it...
This is one of the best books I've read in years & I'm an avid ...
Always touches my heart.
is one of my favorite authors. You will not go wrong in reading ...
Chapters left out?
Must read
One of the best books I have read
The writing isn't that good
Addictive reading!
I don't know if they really had it this bad, but there were some heroic women and this ...
Don't miss this one!!
WWII and France are of interest, you'll love this one!
Best book I've read in a while.
Recommended Saga of Two WW-2 Heroines
Mistaken Motives
The characters are very well-developed and it was hard to ...
This is a book that sticks with you long after the last page is turned!
The Nightingale is an excellent read I could hardly put down
This story you need tissues at times but I would rate this a 10+ if I could
Amazing story.
Fabulous historical fiction on WWII France
I always enjoy Kristin Hannah's book and this one
love, cruelty
Kristin Hannah is a favorite author who surprises me over and over by her ...
I have not read a book like this in a long time
Nightingale
Amazing Women in Terrible Times
Female Perspective of the French Resistance
Deserves many awards.
Well written--I am always amazed by the bravery of the regular citizens of the ...
Thought Provoking Novel
good but not worth 5 stars
I liked this. book Very historical I haven't given 5 ...
and this is one of my favorite novels. While reading this novel
What so many gave up so that so many might we free.
War through eyes of women
A beautiful serenaded of life, love, and loss
I loved the fact that this story is about the heroism ...
A Song From The Heart
Beautiful Heartwrencing story!
This book made me cry.
Enthralling!
Highly Recommend
"The Nightingale" was an excellent example of how the French resistance helped to defeat ...
A very difficult but deeply emotional read
Absolutely worth reading
A very good book. I enjoyed it very much
A book you can't put down
A real eye opener of a book!!
You feel like you are in the middle of France and enraptured ...
Courage in the face of evil
Women in war
BEST NOVEL I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME
Great Read
Best Book by Hannah
This is a MUST READ!!!
The Nightingale is a spellbinding book!
Excellent Book
This is a wonderfully written and thought provoking historical novel
Incredible!
Heroines Amid a brutal War
Great story, weak writing.
Love love love this story!
An inspiring story about courage and choices
Very touching and realistic story.
Captures it all!
What an amazing surprise! Marvelous characterization and fabulous research made this ...
Loves to Read
Great Book!
A Truthful and Painful book
Amazing
This is Kristin Hannah's best work to date
One of Kristin Hannah's best yet
We can never forget.
but I didn't feel like it picked up until I was 65% completed with ...
and then it got better. Then it got better again
Best book I have read this year
I absolutely loved it! The Nazi's and what they did horrifies ...
Inspiring tale
Beautifully written novel with such depth of characters.
One of this best books of the year
Best historical fiction
ONE TINY ERROR!
... about the feats and accomplishments of men it was great to hear about some of the accomplishments of women
... that makes one imagine more vividly what it was like for the citizens to live under the German rule
So Brave
Although the stories are painful, this author has crafted a beautiful tale
So well written that it puts you right into the ...
It is a multifaceted look at love of family
another unforgettable outstanding WW2 story
An easy and enjoyable read, don't expect more.
The Nightingale will give you wings....
Knid of know that this is not going to end nice, but the author has such a good job ...
The Nightingale is one of the best books I've read
One of my best reads of 2015
I REALLY enjoyed this book
When all the bad choices have been made for you.
but this book was WONDERFUL. I'd love to write an excellent book review
Intense in so many ways
Have tissue handy....lots and lots of tissue
A must read!
Mixed feelings
Such a good story... such heroism
A Story to be Remembered
Another heart-grabber from Kristin Hannah!!
Heartbreaking and heartwarming
I could not stop reading The Nightingale until it was ...
Loved this one!
Excellent
Gripping
... of this book because "plot" is unimportant to this wonderful story. Everyone who has any interest in the ...
Amazing Novel
totally engulfing
A most amazing book!
This will be one of my favorite ever books
A Different Point of View
Beautiful Graces Under Fire
Song of the Nightengale
The Nightingale is very compelling
It was wonderful, captivated you from the first and never let ...
One of my all time favorite books.
Superb storytelling
Amazing
I started the book on a European vacation (mistake) and it is bad when you want to hurry and get past famous ...
I needed this book!
Couldn't put it down!!
Excellent read
An emotional, heart-grabbing story
I love history and historical fiction
History we need to remember
Heroines
The Nightingale cost me several night's sleep
A great read
Great read!
No words
About 2 sisters that couldn't be more different but you love them equally for their strengths
one of her best
I really enjoyed this book
A Must Read!
A tale of growth and survival.
Work in progress
Wonderfully written, totally engrossing book
Nothing short of perfection.
Powerful
Wonderful book
Thought provoking
Great historical fiction
A beautifully written novel of life in France during WWII and ...
So AMAZING! Kristin never ceases to deliver!
Beautifully written book about a difficult and sad time in ...
What an amazing book. I understand so much more about life in occupied France.
Which Path Was the More Heroic?
I really enjoyed this book
A book everyone should read.
Survival
A DULL SONG
most excellent
Historical Classic
I didn't love it, but I certainly didn't hate it.
I loved this book
Gripping read
The Novel Speaks For Itself, Fantastic
A splendidly and graphically told book.
very very good historical fiction about the resistance movement during the second wold war.
Excellent book! Great characters and I miss the book ...
Outstanding!
It was an amazing journey reading this book
A story you can't put down.
Exceptional!
Best book I've read in a while
Profound gratitude
Five Stars
Gets into your heart  and stays.
The Nightingale was one of the best novels I've ever read
This book gave me insight into the horrors of war ...
The Nightingale is a powerful book of love and loss set against the backdrop of WWII in ...
A 5 Star Read in Historical Fiction
The book is a captivating story of women finding their strength, of the power of love and the atrocities of war.
Five Stars Plus!
It was amazing to see all the suffering that went on
Captivating story that hangs on long after the book is closed!
Best book I've read in awhile
Raw, emotional, and bold!
A lesson of what should not happen
The story about another time and place...yet one where you could relate and yet try to understand
THE STORY GIVES YOU EXCELLENT INSIGHTS INTO HOW THE FRENCH WERE TREATED BUY THE ...
Loved it
Revealing story of women and their sacrifices during world war II
One of my favorites
Good read
Kristin Hannah has a great writing style that helps the reader lose themselves into ...
This is probably the best so far
Couldn't put it down
A compelling read!
A story of the war in France1944 and how the French had to cope, very well written.
The author does a great job of conveying the misery of the war and ...
Excellent
Compelling and thought provoking
Incredibly deep and poignant
The Nightingale soared over my expectations
... have read many of this author's books and have loved them all
Glad I read it, Could have been better
Deeply Satisfying
Stunning!
Emotional
A Compelling Story of an Occupied Country
a five plus
A beautiful story of courage and love
Amazing
Amazingly moving book.  A must read.
reading on was bad for sound sleep
Horror of the Nazis in a beach book.
Loved this book
French Resistance illuminated
A must read
Lived and breathed this story like no other
Beautifully written
The Nightingale
There are many words to describe this book but I ...
This was not an easy book to read because of the subject matter but ...
Kristin Hanna opens the heart and mind to the unbearable detailed truths of WWII telling it with the dignity it deserves while h
Hard choices in occupied France
A tale not to be missed...love, war and family!
Different, but Good!
Focused story , adequate writing
A different take on the usual WW2 stories.
Great historical fiction read about the French Resistance of WWII
I would find myself during the day after reading the previous evening what that period in history was really like. The author di
This is a gripping tale of 2 sisters living in ...
An Epic Emotional Journey
Loved this book!
Worth the read.
Read this book!
All I can say is “Oh My!" Kristin Hannah has out done herself with this one!
It made me realize how good people can find themselves doing bad things and how ...
You can't get much better
The Best
An Outstanding Historical Novel
beautifully crafted novel
A beautiful story. It makes one really admire the French ...
Worth Reading
I enjoyed it even though I had to put it down ...
Great read!
Must read
Beautiful But Painful
THINK ABOUT IT
Great real-world barely put it down!
It is a very good read.
Exceptional Book
World War for Two Sisters in Occupied France
Awesome Read
Wow
The Best Book Ever! Needs 10 Stars!
The Nightingale
Totally Believable, Heartbreaking and Uplifting
You Won't Be Disappointed!
The Nightengale, a must read, so glad I did!
Beautiful story about an awful time in history
I liked that this time her characters not only have to ...
The Underground Resistance During WWII
Captivating story
Unable to leave my car while listening to audio version.
RIVETING!!!!
Heartfelt
Fabulous Book!
This was a really good book and I had a hard time putting it ...
The best book that I've read in years!
A fascinating, can't put down, read.
A Tale of Two Women
Gripping, well told, about courage and connections
Beautiful and Horrible
Her best yet!
I give this book 4 1/2 stars.
A MUST READ FOR EVERYONE
I loved this book
This novel pulled me in.
This is one of the best books I have read
A page turner with historical fiction giving a picture of war
Heart rending but also heart touching!
An amazing story!
There are quiet heroes everywhere!
Life of real people in occupied France during the 2nd world war.
Lest We Forget
This is a great glimpse into WWII
Enjoying getting books that are very interesting that I would not of thought of getting because I never heard of them before.
Eyeopening
Moving WWII book
Great read!
captived me, had me in tears. amazing story
Stunning...absolutely stunning!!
The story of a brave you woman who defied the Nazi occupation of France
Loved this book
An Amazing piece of Historical Fiction
My own feelings.
But in the end I was glad to have read it
A story of members of the  the Brave French resistance during World War II
Love and goodness triumph overm unfathomable evil
Riveting WWII Fiction
I wasnt sure i would like it. As I got about halfway
Absolutely excellent
Excellent book
Highly Recommend
I heart this book so much!
Best Novel of Kristin Hannah
Heart-Wrenching and Hand-Wringing
A Tale of Two Sisters
I enjoyed this book since it was written from the viewpoint ...
Oh my goodness - what an amazing and wonderful book.
HARD TO PUT DOWN
A must-read!
A good but emotional read.
The Nightingale will keep you up at Night!
Excellent book, and very thought provoking.
Wonderfully written. Kristin Hannah has a unique way of ...
An amazing novel about a woman in occupied France during WW ...
Exception in every way.
Hannah's The Nightingale was a moving portrayal of life in ...
Occupation of France
A must read book
Engrossing
Never Underestimate a Woman
Knockout
Added to my list of best books I've ever read
Moving WWII story from the female point-of-view
What a book?? This could be a lesson ...
Wow!!!
I recommend this novel to anyone who enjoys historical fiction
What a great story. This book takes place during WWII
I have always enjoyed Kristin Hannah's books
Must read historical fiction novel!
Inside the Invasion of France
Overwhelmingly Touching
Amazing Just read it!
Best book I have read in a long time.
The Nightingale Sings
WOW...A GREAT READ!
Engrossing story!
beautiful and emotional.
I normally don 't like war stories but this book had some great and ...
Great read. It has constant action and even makes you shed a tear or two.
Sad but beautiful story
Hannah has a marvelous gift of making her characters so real it is easy to forget I am reading fiction
Wonderful story, hard to put down.
Riveting
I could not put this book down and was sad to finish it
A must read
Beautiful and painful story of love and cruelty
It is without a doubt the best book I have read in a long time and ...
A story about how Parisians suffered under Nazi occupation.
Three Stars
Four Stars
A beautiful tale of two sisters with very different lives
Wow
I couldn't put this book Down
This one is a masterpiece for Kristin Hannah!
Eye opening
A great page turner that will keep you reading into the wee hours of the morning.
Recommended if you like historical fiction
THE NIGHTINGALE SOARS
Finished this book pretty fast because it was hard to put down
This was one of the best stories I have ever read
Nightingale excellent read
It is a tender love story that exists amid the human atrocities committed by ...
A different point of view of WWII
Atrocities in France
This is such a good and very interesting book
Enthralling read
A Nighingale Sings in Occupied Franc!
History made vivid and personal.
I cannot recommend this book enough
Very moving story of resistance by women in Nazi occupied France
A must read.
beautiful. thought-provoking.  Historical love story
I wasn't quite sure if I would like this newest and very different novel by Kristin
Wonderful writing, you can place yourself in the place ...
Epic
Liked it!
The characters carry the day
Great read.
Exciting and probably very real
Great for Book Group Discussion!
French Sisters Survival during WWII
Collaborator or Hero
A MUST read!!!!!!
Ten stars
Good historical fiction
This was an excellent story about the brave men and women who helped ...
Wonderful book - very tough to read some of those ...
The very best book that I've read in a long time
How women survive
Great story of suffering and survival in WWII
amazing and heartbreaking
Great read
Five Stars
Christian Hannah did a great job of bringing the story to a dynamic of ...
This World War II 2 novel set in Nazi Paris ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book! Perfect as always with this author!
The author weaves a beautiful story of some very amazing characters
Courage
I LOVED this book
Brave Women in Occupied France
Standing up for what is right is a costly outcome for two estranged sisters in France during WWII
Four Stars
Another great book
Wonderful
Beautiful story
Five Stars
WWII Family Saga
Five Stars
There are many books written about strong individuals making a ...
Bittersweet!
Amazing story of love and triumph through a horrific time
Good reading
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Family, heroes, history,
A good story line but the characters and their situations lacked ...
Very well written
First Kristin Hannah...won't be the last.
Five Stars
Unforgettable book
Great story
Four Stars
Excellent book. I am not into 'war' stories but ...
Five Stars
Plan on staying up past your bedtime to read.
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I'VE EVER READ
Not to be missed!
I Loved this Historical Fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This book was a great read from start to finish
Exciting and Sad
A Compelling Read
Superb! Captivating from the first page to the last ...
Amazing story, it's so good I'm going to read it again! Outstanding!
tears at loss of loved ones. Very moving
The 1st page hooked me.
A must read for all who love freedom!
I enjoy reading historical novels about World War II and this ...
Five Stars
Sad, but good
He nightngale
A novel that compels us to remember sacrifices by those ...
Five Stars
the story escalates in intrigue and suspense, as the ...
Her best book. couldn't put it down
Best book I have read in some time.
Phenomenal!
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
An amazing read! Well researched and written
The Nightengale Refuses to Sing
Riveting
Hard to put down
So far, my best read of 2015.
Another Fabulous Read From Kristin Hannah
Wonderful Book!
A beautifully written book that drew me in from the first ...
Captivating and Heartful Account of a Time of Human Tragedy
very good read and great facts of ww11.
WWI - Up Close & Personal
... stays home & deals with the changing situation as best she can - the other confronts the war & ...
Very good read
I really enjoyed this book
Story of the struggles  and survival of WWII
I loved this book
Stunningly awesome
The Nightingale takes us on a risky behind-the-scenes look at WWII freedom fighters.
Amazing book about 2women during wwII.
Enjoyed this book very much
everyday existence would be unbearable for most but they survive out of love. Not to be missed
Amazing Book!!
WWII from a woman's vantage point
As all the reviews say, this is a book ...
You will ask yourself if this story really did happen.
The reader feels what it is like to live under siege
A Tribute to Feminine Vitality
A pass it on novel
The Nightingale
This is a gripping war story about the sufferings of ...
Amazing and at times gut wrenching portrayal ....
Everyone Should Read This...
Two Sisters experience different faces of War & Occupation of their country in Wartime France.
I cannot say enough good things about this book!
This was a very good story. The tale of two French sisters whose ...
The Nightingale
Didn't love it.
An amazing novel
A tear jerker but wonderful story. I would give it more than 5 ...
Wonderful book! One of the best I have read
Five Stars
Novel close to Great!
will make a great movie. It gives a different view of what ...
This is a great book. It was recommended to me by a ...
I appreciated the excellent but accessible writing
I enjoyed this book enormously
Terrific book!
Hands down, one of the best books I've ever read!
What an amazing book! Written with such "heart" that one feels ...
The Nightingale
Riveting ---so so good
Beautiful! Heart wrenching!
Great read
What a beautiful story. I loved every word
Great book! Great character development
Pins and Needles
Great Book
The Nightingale
great read
Their strength and ability to survive was amazing.
Riveting!
Great book!
Loved this book
One of the best WWII Historical Fictions
Terrific book. Run out and get it.
a must read!
Serious fiction based on actual events.
Book reader revisiting this reality in graphic and profane manner is offensive and unnecessary. Without graphic brutality and pr
Wonderful!
Loved this book
Amazing read after Invisible Bridge and All the Light We Cannot See
I thoroughly enjoyed it ...
Nightingale
Incredible reading
My favorite of Kristin Hannah's writings so far
is a good story. I encourage especially the younger generations to ...
I really enjoyed this book because it kept my attention and made ...
Couldn't put it down
This is by far one of my favorite books that I have read in a long time
Mesmerizing story of women and war...!
Family's in time of war ,the good and bad of it all
I have recommended this novel to many of my reader friends because ...
An excellent read! Highly recommended to everyone
Read this book
Well written, well described and full of feeling and anguish.
hard to put down
The Nightingale
Definitely a 5 star!
Perhaps the finest war novel I have ever read.......or experienced.
Hannah writes about love, courage and compassion in a most compelling way
Wonderful!
One of the best books I have ever read
Excellent book….
One of the better books I've read in a long time
A journey through war and healing
So very well written and a wonderful story. I just can't say enough wonderful tings ...
Wow!!
She Does It Again!
A book like no other
As Good As it Gets!
Makes you think
READ IT AGAIN.
Suspensful...
Great character studies and her prose put you in the ...
Wonderful
Awesome a look at life in France during occupation by the Nazis
nightingale
Women of WWII
A great read
Best book of the year!
Tragedy and Triumph!
A Moving Historical Fiction . . . .
A story of life under the Nazi occupation in France.
Occupation Miseries
Having read and understood and believed the horror of the ...
READ THIS
since i love all books by Kristen Hannah
Wonderful
It made me feel what it would be like to live with sometimes sadistic occupations forces and what ...
... once I got them all sorted out I rally enjoyed this book
recommended by former librarian
An Unforgettable Tale of Heroes and Heroic Acts
Hannah at her best
Wonderful book!
Loved it!
Wow
No Words
Loved it.
Extremely moving book.
Sometimes it is difficult to face reality and Kristin Hannah did a good job of bringing it to light
Nightingale shines!
Excellent book for those who love reading about history and the human heart
The Nightingale was believable and delivered on every page.
Finding one's self in the midst of chaos
Unexpected!
This book was chosen for my book club and to ...
Grabs you immediately
Congratulations Kristin Hannah!
Sensational!!!!
It is too tragic and troubling for my personal taste and enjoyment, though
Untold Story of French Bravery.
So glad I read this!
Great book! Interesting look at WWII from the French ...
Good Read
That mistake was one of the best ones I have ever made
The French citizen experience of WW II
Read and ponder
I loved this book
Rich, deeply moving, horrifying
Great read
A wonderful account of the things these people went through to ...
GREAT
"The Nightingale" Sings a Sweet Story
Strength and survival
Don't miss this one!
Found the stories of the French people who resisted the ...
A Must Read
Heart-stopping epic tale of determination to follow one's values.
Deeply engrossing novel of World War 2
a moving story, compelling and readable
However the will to conquer back their tranquil life and the love for family and freedom had allowed them to survive ...
Fantastic fiction with great detail from history
Amazing
history and good characters.
The Nightingale gets another rave review
Great read
yet so much the same in what they wanted - to be loved, to love others
Amazing story...
Great read
EXCELLENT! I was truly moved by the atrocities of ...
Beautifully Written Portrait of a Family During WW II
Unputdownable Book!
She wanted to fight the enemy, but how?
Hypnotized!
A great read and a real standout! Loved this book!
Not a typical Holocaust novel
Exquisite tale of love, bravery, and spirit during desperate times
Fascinating read.
I highly recommend this book
Profound, gripping and moving.
Excellent novel! One of the best I've ever read
Love is born from hate and nurtured by courage.
wonderful!
What a marvelous storyteller is Kristin Hannah.
Gripping and fabulous!
The Nightengale is compelling reading from the start. It ...
Not a Predictable Read, Well Worth Your Time!
Absolutely LOVED it!
and I was not disappointed the entire way through It's been awhile since I've ...
Fantastic!
Great book, couldn't put it down
A Great Adventure Read ... could not stop listening..
Close, But No Cigar
Historical fiction at its best
An extraordinary read depicting amazing strengths of ordinary people, especially women.
Great Read
I found it so boring and redundant
War and it's tragic sequella
Kristin Hannah is an amazing writer and The Nightengale is definitely in the top ...
World War II from a Woman's Perspective
Words to live by
This is one of the best books I have read
I loved this book so much I would read it again
What a story to tell.
A suspenseful and intriguing story of a somewhat dysfunctional family ...
The Nightingale will sing to you!!
What a great read, I couldn't put this down!
Wonderful novel.
The Nightingale; a great read!
wonderful story
Breathtaking!
This novel guides us through the French Resistance Movement during ...
World War II Story of love, loss, and moving forward.
Great read
The nightingale
Couldn't Put it Down
A brilliant and edifying historical novel.
The Nightingale
A must read.
Better than 5 Star!
I loved the book
Heartbreaking and beautiful
brilliant book
Vivid Characters, Strong Story Line
Kristin Hannah is my favorite author. I wasn't as excited about the release ...
Lots of adventure and good character development
Loved this book
Kristin Hannah at her finest!
A Book to Hate and Love
Excellent story about two very different sisters (but ultimately not ...
this is a great book. That being said
Surival
The Nightingale
Engaging and emotional war story
This book is very well written and presents an unforgettable ...
Wow
and the outcome was perfect. My devotion to her characters by the end ...
A different WW11 perspective
Occupied France and the bravery of two sisters
Highly recommended tale of two very different sisters in occupied France during WWII.
Wonderful read filled with tears and love and survival
Great book with a different twist on WWII
I loved every minute of this book and cried at the ...
Another Wonderful Book from  Kristin Hannah
I could not put it down!  Great book!
Loved it!
The mystery element -- which sister survives to old age -- seems unnecessary when the main plot is so strong
It probably would make a good movie if the author was allowed to write the ...
really great read!
The setting and general content were excellent.. It was an intermittent page-turner
France in war
Great read!
A tangled web
Wonderful
and this is one of the best. Compelling
... experiences described as I know they were true I liked the perspective of learning how war with Germany effected ...
This book will remain with you long after it is finished.
Excellent read
An engaging and moving tale
Beautiful story about a horrible war
NEVER AGAIN !
Nightingale - Great
Wonderful book about Germany-occupied France during WW2
Never cease to amaze me
Love historical fiction for any era
A stunningly beautiful story of love, loss and courage
Best book I have read in a long time.
Wonderful novel.
Hannah does a masterful job of weaving main character's current ...
It was as if the publishers wanted the cover to be as beautiful as the story
Captivating, emotional - hard to put down.
Touching
A moving, enthralling and devastating story set in Nazi-occupied France
Will not disappoint you
Love is the greatest gift
Great Historical Fiction
You will not be disappointed!
Love always remains
Amazing
Very compelling read!
Riveting
This was one of the best books I've ever read
Wonderful story, strong amazing characters - so worth the ...
Extraordinary
a must read
Historical fiction without a soap opera
incredible!
Totally immersed
A Must Read
All the Light We Cannot See (Doerr) remains my favorite book about World War II France
Excellent story about 2 sisters both caught up in different ...
Great read about Nazi  occupation in France and its effect on one family
I absolutely loved this book
I loved this book
Very difficult read due to the reality BUT very well ...
held my interest
Love and Redemption
Best story
This book was an excellent read. The disturbing part of the story is ...
A story of rememberance
Excellent but heart-wrenching
Its a really good historical fiction of the holocaust in France
Wow I
Excellent!
I could not put this down. My father flew ...
Great read!
Most beautiful book I've read maybe ever
Great Read. Highly Recommend ! I truly enjoyed this story. The character development was done quite well. Each and every charact
The Nightingale
Beautiful
Finish this slow starting book
Movie Material!!
Rebirth
Actually more like 3. 5
Excellant book
such a good book I RE-READ IT the minute i finished it!
Beautiful story of love and loss
Great read!
Keeps you captivated
Not Just Another War Story
Great read!
Loved it!
Women during war
A great read -
Spellbinding
Gripping and Fascinating
A tribute to the contributions of women in the French resistance in wwII but...
It was all so painfully real
The nightingale
wonderful
Interesting Read
This is by far one of the best books I've read in recent years
engaging story
A Rare Masterpiece
What a wonderful book!
brilliant
Amazing book, hard to put down but easy to read.
Congratulations to Kristin Hannah!
Profound joy and sorrow while reading this awe inspiring book.
Wow
I found this book an extremely great read.
Wonderful book--kept me intrigued every step of the way
The Nightingale, no other name would prove appropriate.
The tears kèpt coming!
War, sacrifice and love
A sombering powerful impact....
Five Stars Plus!!!!!
A Song of  War
Great Historical Fiction
Don't read in public
Outstanding book!
A good educating read on life in France during World War 11.
I loved this story
Truly a work of love
Haunting
A sensitive piece of history
The Nightingale
Loved it!!!!
the author has an amazing way of portraying her characters-- you feel so much ...
I just finished The Nightengale, but may start reading it again!
Fascinating read
I recommended this book to all of my friends
A story of strength and courage that brought me to tears!
I loved this book
Loved this book
A sad  time in History with all the elements of humanity and inhumanity.
A great story, beautifully written,
What a great book. It took me back to an event ...
A great story of world war 2
Recommended The Nightingale by Hannah to our book club
An excellent read!!!
Wow!
amazing
Well-written. As I am reading several historical fictions in ...
Engrossed!
She tops herself again!
Great historical fiction
A book not to be missed.
Terrific!
One of the best books of the year
Stick with it!
Very good book- but not great.
It is a beautiful book.
Great!!!! WWII buffs - a must read.
a real page turner
We need to pay attention to history.
Le Rossignol
Don't miss this fantastic read! Wow.
A Great Read!
Possibly Kristen Hannah's best work yet
A very good narrative, believable characters but the grimness drags on ...
A wonderful story.
An amazing story of love triumphing over Evil
Very moving novel
Very Well Done
Thought Provoking
Great story!!
The French resistance during WWII was an amazing example of the human spirit but the Rossignol story ...
Wonderful!
A must read!!
and that is war at its worst. But the hope was in the fighting against ...
The BEST
The nightingale is a real eye opener about France and its citizens during the war
A WWII Novel of Women during this harrowing time.
A wonderful read full of great characters
The evil that men do!!
Strength
Engrossing Story
Very different from Kristin Hannah's previous books. Satisfying and ...
All of our book club really liked it. If anyone has forgotten how evil and ...
A page turner at times
Not a typical love story, but a story of the power of ...
Well Drawn Portrait of Sisters During WW II
One of Hannah's very best!
Brings to life women's role resisting Nazism.
Outstanding
The story of a coragous family in WW2 era France
I cannot believe how wonderful it was
Top starred!
Wow
Five Stars
Incredible
Wonderful, well-told story
Amazing book - a must read even if you don't love historical fiction
Unexpected outcomes from reading this book
A chilling story that is a must read
She's Done It Again!
There are so many books written on WW II that ...
Gripping read
Great Book
Heroisim in France during WWII.
LOVE CONQUERS EVIL
I didn't know what to expect, but I'm reading ...
I loved this book
Fabulous Book!!!
It looks like it may turn out to be one of those ...
Great read!
Since I was recently in Paris, it was interesting ...
Historical fiction with a gripping story line!.
The Lessons Of War
Great! Kept pulling me back even while on a ...
Get Ready for a Great Read
Hannah did a wonderful job with this novel
I stepped back into another time reading The Nightingale
Sheer brilliance!!
France and It's drive to survive WW II
Loved it!
Inspiring and captivating
Love Kristin Hannah's books and this is one of her ...
Women in WWII
:/a beautiful story
Enljoyable
and I loved each one as much as I was frustrated by ...
The best book I have ever read!
Weak.
Best book I've read in a long time
A beautiful story, beautifully written
Incredibly good
A must read for those who love war time fiction
A very good Read
Such a great book, hard to put down
Well done.
A remembrance of bravery, survival, humanity, and inhumanity
Beautiful and heartwrenching
A wonderful historical novel!
Good outweighs bad
History Has A View From The Ground, Too
Not as advertised!
Couldn't put it down!
Emotional and gripping at its best
Emotional, Wonderful Read
4.5 stars
Outstanding.
Loved The Book
Author at her best
This is a page turner. Couldn't put it down ...
A powerful read
An amazing tale of love, love between fathers and daughters, sisters, friends, fellow countrymen, husbands and wives, mothers an
Best book I've ever read
A carefully written novel that made me appreciate the terrible trials and incredible courage of the French people who ...
Feminine Bravery
What a wonderful, but very sad story
Hurt,angruish, and love and the most important one of these is Love
Great book club read
Heart wrenching mixed with hope, love and forgiveness - great read!
Highly recommended!
Outstanding!
It is a sad but inspirational story
A journey back to the horror of Nazi controlled France. The resilience of the human spirit.
Wartime struggles
I loved it!
This is an important book that informs both women and men about events that must become unforgettable.
Stick with it
Excellent
I couldn't put it down!
Top of my favorite books that I've ever read.
The Nightingale was a suspenseful and moving story of love, bravery
Interesting WWII novel
Captivating
amazing book
This book is incredible and I didn't want to put ...
Best book this year.
I loved this book
Personification of courage
Just plain excellent!
never again, we pray!!
Excellent read
The Nightingale
Strong female characters . . .
this is one of the better ones! It never gets boring
France's People During WWII
Hands down one of the best books I've ever read
Lost one and a half days in this book!
Great read !!
Great story, Great writing
Excellent
A Father, with insights, and his blind daughter experience the Nazi Occupation of Germany and France.
... a compelling story with believable characters that pulls you like a freight train from start to finish
and the redeeming power of love! All of this infused with bits of history ...
best ever!
Another great book.
Fabulous work of historical fiction.
Amazing!
A very well written story of the struggle for survival ...
"Nightingale" should be required reading.
Touching
Outstanding!
A fascinating story of family relationships and secrets made more complex by being  played out in occupied France.
Must give to your daughters
Great  historical fiction
BRAVE WOMEN
This was one of the best books I've read
really good! One of the best and hardest books for ...
Speechless.
Excellent book!
LOVED IT!!!!!
... put down - thoroughly enjoyable reading -great writer - loved suspense of not knowing which sister was narrator
The novel tells how living in occupied or Vichy France ...
THIS IS A 'MUST" READ...
Thought provoking and an important read for better understanding women who endured and sacrificed so much
A must read
Best book ever!!!!
Simply Great!
My book club voted it a 6 on a 1-5 scale! It takes quite a book to make that happen!
Stellar
Life in France during WWII, though the experiences of two sisters
If you not want to cry, do not read this book
One of my favorites!
I was sucked into this book from the beginning and found myself ...
Beautifully told WWII story!
Read it!
I tried to imagine what it would be like if our country was invaded and pray it never ...
Unforgettable
I loved it!!
Kristin Hannah at her best
Greatest Read
Fabulous and real in every way
and Terror is interwoven in this beautiful story that follows two sisters and the separate paths ...
The Nightingale
outstanding!
Definitely one of the best
and it truly was a great period book to read
I enjoyed this book very much and rate it up there ...
A well-written Must Read
I felt like I was a character in the story watching all ...
An Amazing Story
Women are the heros in this bookshelf!  I highly recommend it.
What an amazing story!
A most wroth-while read
Connection with Characters
I really loved this book
truly enjoyed it
Don't miss this book!
The French Resistance during WWII was very real. The French sacrifices on the homefront were very real too.
A riveting story of WW2 French women
Well told story.
The Nightingale
I could not put it down and I normally do not read books about the war but Hannah is amazing story teller
This was a great read. I could not put it down
Amazing!
A Book for Reflection
Two sisters, two sons
This one is a winner!  Exciting and gut-wrenching.
Beautifully Written!
This is a beautifully written book that will hold your attention and your ...
War and Love
Breathtaking
This was a very good story that brought the whole perspective of the Nazi ...
War and survival
one of the best books I have ever read!
Spectacular reading and educational to boot.
love love love it
One of the "best " Holocaust accounts air have read.
Absolutely outstanding novel. Ms Hannah is able to describe ...
A gripping tale of two French sisters very different from ...
Love the story!
Such a horrible time in history - but since I'm old enough ...
... suffered to keep their families alive in very drastic horrible situations. This book made me cry and cheer ...
I have always enjoyed Kristin Hannah's books
Fascinating to the finish!
A book I will not forget
Gentlely Serious
War years
the characters were well developed and you had a good sense of what they were feeling and dealing with ...
Five Stars
one great book
Excelent book
I loved it! It was so much more than what ...
Perfect story wonderfully written
A Rememberence
Wonderful
Fabulous Read
Amazing
I truly enjoyed this whole book
Excellent!!!
Great read
Highly recommended. Gave an inside look of how humanity can ...
The Nightingale
Heartbreaking and heroic
A real page turner and a tearjerker. I loved it!
Never forget the horrors of WWII
Much more than just another story...
Excellent Book.
Loved this book
A Book to Be Read
Captivating Read
Outstanding read. Started reading the first day a few ...
This is an excellent picture of France during WWII and its relationship with ...
I loved it!!!
A great read about WWII and the brave women who risked their lives
GREAT STORY!
I love historical fiction
Another hit for Kristin Hannah.
A Kristin Hannah must read!
Amazing!
I haven't read a book like this in years - I loved it in every way
Amazing
A story to remember.
Love the book
Amazing
Wonderful read!! Love!!!
Burned thru this book
A riveting read.
Great book
Should be required reading!
Definitely a Sob Story!
I really enjoyed this book
Each war has its own horror stories.
A Story of Bravery and Courage
Days of love and nights of rage
Heart wrenching yet poiniant
A perfect 5
Isabelle and Vianne
A book to challenge all you thought you knew about WWII, families and hope.
Didn't want to read this one at first...
The best book I've read this year!
A reminder of what courage is...
I enjoy the struggles and resistance books of this era
The Nightengale is so much more than guns and bombs
Wonderful book.
This book is amazing. I've read it twice already just to make ...
Spectacular !
one of the best Kristin Hannah has written
Wonderful story of two sisters, heroes in their own way.
Expert writing from a seasoned pro, but need to be in the mood for the heavy subject matter
Surprised by the ending...
Holds ones attention
Another great book by Kristin Hannag,.
Good,  but not great
It droned on and on and never had any happy moments to share
Wonderfully written and drew me in immediately
Some unnecessary details could have been edited out
I love historical fiction and can't wait to see what her ...
Amazing and Memoriable
wonderfully written
Never disappointed!
riveting!
A well told story of love and family and the horrors of the holocost
The Nightingale
I loved this book!
A most wonderful book
Beautifully painful story of the enduring power of love...
I recommend this book!
Lovely Historical fiction
I loved this book!
I love Kristin Hannah and I found this to be quite ...
This is one of the best books I've read in awhile
Enjoyed this book very much
Beautiful story, gripping and inspiring
The Big Screen Awaits ...
Exciting and suspenseful story of the war from two sisters
a book everyone should read
HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend
Terri Kight
A Must Read!
Memories
Rayctwo
Fantastic story.  I couldn't put the book down.
A Spellbinding Reaqd
Amazing book! The writing is very descriptive and the ...
I couldn't put it down!
It was hard for me to believe that this was ...
A Must Read
A story of love, courage, survival
Amazing amd heartbreaking story of love and survival during the ...
Amazing story
A teaching story
Fantastic Book.
A riveting portrait of WWII misery in France
Good but...
If so I'd happy to read them all or eagerly await her next ...
Be prepared to read in one sitting or at least want to!
amazing surprising book
A Story of Love, Loyalty and the Horrors of War.
Captivating, will capture your attention!
Great story, great writing
Great WWII Historical Fiction
Very Good, but Didn't Live Up to Potential
A Hauntingly Unstoppable Read
A story I will never forget
Great Novel for French Resistance Movement during WWII
WOW!
... time I read her newest book that it's my favorite ever!
Amazing book!
History made entertaining
On a scale of one to ten, The Nightingale is a twelve!
Insightful and thoroughly engaging
Really great story about the fight to save Europe
One of the best I've ever read
I liked knowing more about this period through these stories and ...
Women's contributions to WW II
The Nightingale
The Nightengale
As good as Winter Garden
Intriguing
A tale of bravery and survival
Such a good book! I love to read
Two sisters challenge Nazi control in France.
I loved this book and its characters to the end
The very best book I have read this season
Suffering of the French
This story has amazing historical context and character development
Wow
I loved this book
Great story, memorable read
Just amazing!
WOW
Hannah's talent for character development and weaving a good tale.
Beauty of a new world
Made me cry
An unforgettable story.
Amazing plot, amazing writing
This book was so interesting I could not put it ...
Suspenseful depiction of WWII France
Great book I could not put it down
A Book worth reading.
I found the storyline very realistic. The events seem ...
Fantastic
a moving story
The Nightingale Sings!
Read this one!!
Well written novel that will move you
Women and War
It seems very real and gives insight of what it must have been like to be in occupied France
Its been a few months since I finished reading this ...
the writing was beautiful in my opinion and portrays the horrors perpetrated by ...
The Very Best By Kristin Hannah
This is the best book I have read in a long time
wonderful story
Great Read
Best read in years
Great book on a topic I knew a little about ...
Great read and great story
Courag e & Hope
Extraordinary account of ordinary people during WWII France.
Powerful story about women
this one is beautifully written, with one scare and intrigue right after ...
Best Book that Kristin Hannah has written!
I was fascinated by events that I had never realized happened in France during that horrible time in History
I loved the story and believe it to be extremely important ...
Kristen Hannah is among my favorite authors. I'm sure the story is accurate but ...
captivating!
Loved this.
You will ugly cry at the end.
Interesting and fast read.  Historical.
Worth reading - great book & author
Amazing book...could not put it down...tells the story of so many strong women during WW2...so hard to believe anyone survived t
Amazing!
Anyone interested in WW2 France will find the book fascinating ...
I felt as if I was experiencing the war.
Wonderful read. Love history mixed with such personal stories
Outstanding Women War Heroes
this was one of the best I've ever read
Little known history of WWII
I was engulfed
The Nightingale
Life in France during WWII.
Brutal but necessary
and I loved the way the children in this story were able ...
What war is really like and how it can catch a whole nation unprepared
Great book!
Beautiful and sensitive story of the pain of war and ...
I loved this book
Great read
What a great one!
Bravery and Familial Struggles
Loved the story
Acknowledgement of the Nightingale
I like reading about the time period of World War II ...
love historical novels
Inspirational story of perseverance
A fantastic read--was one of the best novels I have read ...
B phare
LOVED this Book
I became very attached to the characters and felt their joy and pain
ANOTHER AMAZING KRISTIN HANNAH NOVEL!!!!
read this book. you will not be disappointed.
Very well written, this book immerses you in Occupied ...
Thoroughly enjoyed this book
Out of horror came love and family.
Heightened Awareness
Outstanding Historical Novel!
Should be required reading in history class.
Lest we forget.
Read it in two days!
Excellent, well written story of women during war
War and spies
So touching
A story of brave women
Stunning account of WW2
Captivating!
Amazing
Wonderful book about the difficulties of war and how tragedy ...
UNFORGETTABLE
This was a wonderful, emotional book
Wow!!
One of the best books ever!
What a beautiful story of one of the most horrible time in ...
Thought provoking, moving, all encompassing story. I ...
Not a real French town, but otherwise a great story.
Great Story, Beautifully Written
Moving and captivating
I would give this a 10 star review if I ...
I couldn't put this book down.
I really enjoyed this book
Amazing book!
Another wonderful masterpiece!
The Nightingale
a beautiful book
WW2 Sisters and Survival
a wonderful story.
Excellent, moving story
I love historical fiction
the women of The Resistance
Moved Beyond Words
Wonderful book
The best book I have read in the past year
A Real Thriller
Kristin Hannah has done it again!!
The Nightingale
Worl War II in German occupied France
Unforgettable
Good story snd Interesting perspective of ww2
A really good historical novel about French women's experience during World War Two
wonderful book
Wonderful and interesting stages of the people
The characters were well developed all through the book. ...
The Nightingale by Kristen Hannah
The nightingale
Excellent depiction of two French sisters and their father experience ...
the most truthful war story
Gripping
Moving and memorable
Wonderful Story
a most excellent book
One of the best books I've read in a while and I've been ...
Tear Jerker
They both held my attention well with her great attention to detail
A captivating and riveting read
Not very good. I've read much better WWII stories
I found this to be a rich novel of relationships ...
This is by far one of the best books I have ever read
Disappointment turns to interest
I loved every minute of it
A Real Winner
A Must Read!!
Unknown realities
Five Stars
Kristin Hannah do so with beautifully depicted yet sympathetically portrayed ghastly experiences of innocent victims ...
WOW!! What a read
Just adequate
Kate bote
What a Beautiful story about family love and war
the bravery of the French people.
A beautifully written book
A must read.
The nightingale
This book haunts me with love and sadness
I can't say enough about how good this was
Excellent!
Totally engrossing
Great read
heartbreaking
One of my favorites! A captivating story that pulls you in. It's a must read!
Great Read
A haunting beautiful page turner that will have you talking about the ...
Kristin Hannah's best book yet!
Love story
Outstanding!
The German occupation seen through the eyes of two sisters
Awesome book!
... by this book in so many ways and will recommend it to everyone
Gripping
love and how two sisters
wow this book
EMOTIONAL WHIRLWIND
Very moving
Very moving and heart wrenching
Hauntingly mesmerizing story of two sisters during WWII
Must read!
Compelling story
Excellent!
Breathtaking
Strong Heroines by Choice or Necessity?
Amazing book! Could not be better
This book is one that should be read by all ...
Wonderful story
I don't like war stories but I couldn't stop reading The Nightingale.
Loved this book
Great story. I even went back into Amazon to ...
BEST BOOK YET....
Unbelievably Beautiful
Excellent
A wonderful account of the heroism of two young women during the German occupation of France.
Captivating!
Loved it
Couldn't put it down. You hear and read so ...
Mesmerizing
Pennysamp
Excellent
Gripping Novel of Occupied France
I have read several of Kristin Hannah's books in the ...
Well written story about France during Nazi occupation.
A solid addition to the genre
Great book but tough.
I loved this book
My daughter recommended this book to me and I loved it
Great Book
This was an amazing book.
Gripping and beautiful
A very good story giving insight to the historical drama and tragedy ...
I enjoy her books because she not only entertains us with ...
the best I've read of Kristin Hannah's
A beautifully written work
Heroic
Informative and a good story
The perfect read
Captivating
Such an incredible story!!!
One of the best books I've read
Well written: absent cliches; coveys the gore of ...
Incredible
One of the best books I have read
The Nightengale is a Must Read!
Good story, worth reading.
GREAT HISTORY!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Awesome!
The Nightingale is a Good Read
another great story
very good read
An extraordinary story of two extraordinary sisters who took the ...
By Far...
I found it authentic and believable, yet frightening in ...
... bit over descriptive in many places but gives an excellent account of the German occupation of France and the ...
Her talent to keep the reader right to the last page is why I like her novels
Really an engrossing book.
Even though I have read many novels about the German ...
I loved the characters and the period of history this story ...
Painstakingly Beautiful
Great read
Love this book I was in tears at the end
One of my all time favorites!
To fight of survive- WWII in France
GREAT WRITING, GREAT STORY!
A good feminine perspective of WW2 in France.
lose and wonderful narrative that makes you relate to the lives of ...
A must read
The nightingale
Awesome as usual
Amazing, Heart Wrenching and Beautiful!
Capturing
I loved this story
Predictable, one dimensional writing
A Must Read
Heroic tale of  women during WW2 in France
Recommend for many reasons.
Two amazing heroines!
Inspiring read!  You fall in love with this incredible family; and follow their travels and tribulations to find in the end love
Best Historical Fiction book
An epic story
FANTASTIC
loved this book
incredible.
Nightingale
I enjoyed this book!
Usually, I am able to read books effortlessly but ...
Fascinating reading
I loved every minute of reading this book
Great read
Buy this book!
Plenty of drama
Good read!
A story of strength and survival
Happy times and sad times
This book was amazing! It is a page turner for sure
Love and War
Amazing
Very excellent book. I love Kristin Hannah's writing
Strong Women
Fantastic read. While it was a fiction
Wow, what a story! Kristin Hannah captures a ...
French Resistance in WWII from several women's viewpoints
An interesting drama about WW2 - just when you thought ...
Song of survival.
After rather a slow start, this was a gripping ...
Couldn't put  it down
Put this book on your must read list
I really enjoyed this book
A great book about the way in which two sisters were ...
Unforgettable
Love. Love
Glad I read it
A book to keep you mesmerized....
Beautiful
It was a book that was hard to put down ...
" One of my best friends told me to stick with it
I loved this book
I enjoyed this book very much
Great book keep the kleenex close.
A five star read for sure!
Starts out slow but gets better and better
Loved learning about the historical side of this book
The author was able to involve me in every situation.  I could identify with every character wether good or evil. Young people n
Highly recommended
Buy it immediately.
This book will take you places you have never been!
The Nightingale
Fascinating story that helps the reader to better understand how the Nazi's took over France in WW2
memories of similar death and torture will remain painful till the end of my days
Certainly one of the best books of this year
One of the best books I've read
A great read
Best book I have read to date.
One of the best books I have read in a long while
Heartwrenching....... brought tears ...
Her Best
Nightengale imagery
WWII story
WWII in German Occpied France
Three Stars
Review
Nightengale Sings!
Excellent!
Different but wonderful Hannah novel
Compelling!
What a wonderful, thought-provoking book
A great book!
Loved this book
Kristin Hannah has written a fascinating story of two sisters ...
Reaslistic, sad, sometime gripping, but disappointing ending
The reader gets a good history lesson framed by an interesting plot and sympathetic ...
Kristen Hannah has the reader very involved in the times ...
Wonderful story that tells the various roles of of the ...
I Loved This Book
Once started can't stop reading.
Grrreeeeaaatttt
Great book
Touching
Clear your calendar
Romance and family drama interwoven into a WWII setting
Hannah spins and exquisite story which she equally beautiful use of the English language
Enjoy!
a wonderful read
Historical fiction has been my genre of choice the past ...
So Sad
This is one of the best historical fiction novels I have ever read
Heart Wrenching and Beautiful
On my top 10 list so far...
What a treasure !
Get the tissue box!
Great WWII novel from a French families perspective.
A must read
So Moving!
The longing for love by the sisters left by their Father as children
Moving and strengthening
Riviting
Read it! You will LOvE it!
a wonderful book
Not a favorite. I like to be a little uplifted when ...
OK as WWII novels go, but a little saccarine.
Hannah tells a compelling tale in beautiful, vivid language
Maybe the best book I've ever read.
Great Story, Well Written
I loved the book
The nightengale
Make sure you have plenty of tissues when you read this wonderful book.
There are so many stories of that horrible time and this is one with a twist
This is a really great book. The author has taken it up a ...
A hidden aspect of history revealed
You will be hooked by first chapter
Remarkable!!!
A must read!
Suspenseful, heart-wrenching, yet hopeful
Fullbodied terror and survival
Fascinating Historical Fiction
Amazing!
Almost Nonfiction
Women with unimaginable challenges
Best Read of the Summer
Interesting book about WW2
Wonderful
Hard to put down
A "must read".
Excellent story about WWII in war torn France from the view of two sisters.
I love historical fiction
good book. Well written and very engaging
A story of the hardships, tragedies and courage of ordinary people in war.
Don't miss this beautiful story.
Wow!
A journey you never forget.
Excellent book.
Unforgettable!
A good read!
The story that made me gasp for breath!
I enjoyed the atmosphere and characters the author created
Heart wrenching
Absorbing
No words to describe the beauty of this book
This was an excellent story and I was sad to have it end
I have recommended this book to so many peopole
Captivating
a story of two young women coming of age in war.
Life on the edge...
I loved the way this author described scenes
great book
Loved this book!
I thought it was great. I like stories about the war and what ...
A good historic fiction read
You don't want to miss this one!
Engrossing!
Amazing
Spellbinding
this is one of the best books I have ever read.
Masterful!
Incredibly accurate; poignantly moving
A must read
This book is one of the best books I've ever read
I liked the book
I am glad I read it
Riveting story
WWII French Resistance in novel form
... read this book first and said it was the best book she'd EVER read
It kept me turning the pages and except one or ...
Great book!
Couldn't put it down
Loved most of the book
I loved the story and the way she brings it all ...
one of the best books I've read in a long while
AWESOMEBOOK ....
A difficult book to read if you remember WW! ...
Cleverlyl written and done in a way that made you ...
Never Forget!
A beautifully written book
A must read!
Unbelievable read - it is the best book I have read in so many years
A terrific author and a great read....
This book was recommended by another person who read it
very descriptive novel about a horrible time in our history
Heartbreaker
Tears
hauntingly beautiful book
World War II history
Unforgettable
Engrossing reading... some of the battle scenes ...
Mesmorizing!  Brilliant!!
Simply amazing...
It was as if I were there!
Amazing read
Wow
simply beautiful.
The Best!
A great read
I enjoyed this more than any other in a very long ...
This is an excellent historical fiction of the invasion of France during WWII ...
sisters live thru Nazi-occupied France.
My Favorite Book
I had a very hard time putting the book down once i got started and was very sad to see it end
Amazing story
A perfect read!
Loved this book!!!
One of My  All Time Favorites
A great book for both women and men
Could not put it down!
The best book I've read in years
A story of love, struggle, and the will to live.
Amazing book
AStory in History
A wonderful read
Amazing
well done
Excellent read!
Outstanding
I always love Kristin Hannah's books and this one was one of ...
Incredibly raw and moving
Fantastic
Absolutely loved this book
Caving in to Nazi Germany was not France's smartest move in history
Loved this book!!!
An amazing experience!
Nightmare of all in occupied Europe during WWII
A wonderful book that I couldn't put down
This is the best book I have read since "All the Light You ...
This book had such amazing narrative drive
I loved this book
Amazing
Kristin Hannah always comes through with a great story.
and I didn't know much about the French underground and the Nightingale gave a very good description of their efforts to help th
This is definitely a must  read.
I really enjoyed this book
Well Done!
The truth!
Captivating
This may be her best yet. If you like historical fiction that doesn't ...
a page turner about heroic women
Marvelous
I'm always saddened and amazed at what people have to live through during wars
This is the best book I have read in years
Nightingale Review
A masterpiece!  Women who made a difference.
A memoir of two sisters.
Great Read
great writing needs no recipes
this book told a story of love and pain beyond measure
I would give it 10 stars!
Great read!
More historical than originally thought.
Kristen Hannah has done it again, another page turner!
A real page turner about WWII.
The Nightingale is an amazing story. I was completely spellbound
Another side
I loved this book
Captivating
This story of an amazing spy of WWII was another page-turner
We all need to find the Nightingale inside each of us!
Couldn't put down..
Fantastic read
A powerful beautifully written novel
Amazing!
I Loved It!
A Must Read That Will Make You Appreciate Life
Riveting story
What a story!
one of the best books I have read in a long time
This story will be with me always
Great read! The French woman were amazing during the ...
Moving and wonderful story to remind us of the tragedy of WWII
This story is an amazing eye opener to those who haven't been given a ...
Blown away!
Page turner.
Satisfying read
The realty of war
A new side of WWII
I loved this book
I think this will make a great movie!
Great read
a good page turner read
Amazing
very good book
GREAT Read!!
Loved this book
Couldn't put it down...
Five Stars
Highly recommend.
I loved this book and couldn't put it down
Best book I've read in a long time!
So good!!
WWII at it's finest
A wonderful read.
Magnificent
Author has a beautiful poetic style to her writing
Loved it! Only reason I'm not giving it 5 ...
wonderful read.
I particularly enjoyed the historic reconstruction full of details
Like I needed to cry
one of her best yet!
Ms. Hannah wins with this one!
Great book
Fantastic read
beautifully woven tale
Life changing
Great story!
The Nightingale
I Could Not Bear to Stop Reading
The Nightingale
The nightingale
Touching WWII novel
A Very Moving Read
Powerful and Thoughtt Provoking
Definitely a 5 star book
Good, compelling story that shows the difficulties and the ...
It is one of the best books that I have read this year
I loved this book
Stunning
Great characters in a tough time
outstanding
Excellent must read book!
Hannah does it again....
Totally riveting book about the role of women in WWII ...
One of the best books for 2015
A must read
A must read!
Well written and entertaining.
Powerful and emotional
A story for remember
Brilliant!
A sweeping & ultimately satisfying novel
so this is not normally a book I would enjoy anyway.
It is filled with both love and hate as well as suffering
Great read!
GOT TO ME !!!!
I loved this book!
if you loved "All the Light you Cannot see" this is as ...
One of the Best Reads Ever
Not Just any Nazi Book
A great story!
A Must Read
The Nightingale
Good book!
An amazing read
Page turner
Read it, but buy tissues and schedule therapy
Amazing...praise to the author
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Well written tear jerker.
Authentic,Riveting novel!
there are stories about men in war, very few ...
A Spellbinding Story of WWII Women of Remarkable Valor
Some Gave All.
The Nightingale
amazing historical fiction
The Nightingale is wonderful, gripping
An education
absolutely amazing!
How tough it must have been to live in Europe ...
One of the best books I have read in a really long time
such a good read! Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite ...
beautifully written.
wonderful!!
This was an awesome book. Many emotions and I couldn't wait to ...
Craftily written book, anchored in the tragic times of ...
Beautifully written, engrossing and moving fiction
Touching story
A Great Read
A new favorite!
Great read!
One of the best books I've ever read
Amazing storytelling and character development
A good read
Very strong characters with a plot that combines many perspectives ...
Beautifully written with an ending that was both touching and ...
Couldn't put this down!
Eagerly Recommend
Thought provoking
Women's perspective
This book made me feel. Deeply. As a ...
A Wonderful Read
Highly recommend!
This was a beautifully written story of two French women in World War ...
Among the many themes are the challenges & redemptive power of love & the sacrifices engendered by it
interesting characters facing the hardships that the French endured during ...
Could not put it down.
Fantastic, loved it!!
I really enjoyed this book
She always writes the amazing!!!
A beautiful, heart-breaking story
Gripping.
Heartbreaking and beautiful at the same time
An excellent read!
Kristin Hannah did a wonderful job of telling a story about two sisters during ...
The price paid
Wonderful story of sisters in France during WWII!
Kristin Hannah's best book yet!
Outstanding Read
Thank you Kristin for another wonderful book! Keep on writing
Captivating read!
The Nightingale - A Beautiful Story
a must read for anyone interested in the brutality of war.
World War II in France
Nightingale
This is a fictional World War II story that is ...
Good story
Couldn't put it down!
couldn't put it down.
Excellent
A great book. Well written and it kept me involved ...
One of the best books I have read
Kristin Hannah is one of the best authors I've had the pleasure of coming across
Hated to complete!!
Would recommend to
Great book
Excellent reading
Don't miss this one
could not put it down
Wow
Great Read
Poignant story
Moving narrative with drama
A Must Read
Highly recommend this book
Nazi's destroy small communities
Gads are we fortunate in that America has never been occupied by a ...
Great Book!
Kristen Hannah succeeds again!
What is bravery?
Survival during war
Amazing!
Engaging, well-researched book. Well developed characters and fascinating ...
Beautifully written I could visualize each situation
The Nightingale's Song
Satisfying tale of heroism, love and redemption
Heart wrenching
Beautiful Story
Wonderful Women
Excellent Story.  Well Written and Interesting from Start to Finish
what a wonderful book
bittersweet
A compelling page turner!
Wonderful book!
A must read!!!!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Great read.
My favorite book of 2015 so far
Read This Book
An unforgettable story
It provides good insight into the country life of average French people ...
I enjoy Hannah's books a lot
Excellent
Great page turner
It is hard to read a story about WWII and ...
Highly Recommended
Couldn't Put This Book Down
one of the best books i've ever read
I enjoyed this book.
The people in the story are courageous and beautiful and I loved the story
One of the best books I have read-Thank you to the author!
A Must Read!!!
Amazing and heart breaking
A powerful, heart touching story of courage, sacrifice ...
Well written historical novel
Great read!
do much wasted humanity. This war should never ever be forgotten
Great book
Really enjoyed this book very much
but The Nightingale is far superior to her other books (except The Winter Garden)
The answer to my questions
This book has made it into my top ten list of all time
One of the best books I have read this year
emotionally amazing
Excellent book
This book captured my interest from the first chapter and as the story developed it was difficult to stop reading.  I enjoy read
Wonderful reading!
With a very interesting ending
The Nightingale was one of the best books I've read
Nightingale was a wonderful fast read
A roller coaster of emotions and suspense is sure to entire!
A MUST READ
It was excellent. Kristin's style of writing kept those pages turning
Amazing
Excellent book. This author is a real storyteller
A book to be read by all!
Watch your emotions when you read this book
Best Kristin Hannah Book
Kritin Hannah did an awesome job - I was totally blown away by the ...
What a beautifully told story
wonderful moving story, great writing
I thought the book was beautifully written and well researched
A gem
This is a wonderfully written historical fiction work of art
A very moving look into love, sacrifice
Amazing story.
Wonderful novel
Poignant
What a sad book. Did not know at the time I ...
Never read a Kristen Hannah book I didn't like. This was the very best - you were ...
Gut wrenching account of Nazi occupied France
Great read.....
A gripping story of love, loss and courage.
I loved this book
WWII as it affected French women
one of the best books i have read in recent months
I loved this book!
The strength and courage of women in war...we need to remember.
Real page turner
If you like the World War ll era it's a good
While I enjoyed the book
I liked the two sister profiles
Compelling Read
Kristen Hannah does a amazing job putting you in France during the Nazi invasion
Serious novel incorporating historical facts into a well-crafted story.
Deep thinking
Illuminates an often hard-to-imagine period of history
Couldn't put it down
A memorable book!
Tears of Joy, Tears of Sadness
Spellbinding historical story
This intense yet beautiful book contrasts the experience of these two very different ...
The story was sad, but believable
READ THIS BOOK!
Amazing story, very well written
A TERRIFIC READ!
I always look forward to a new Kristin Hannah book ...
heart wrenching
Hannah's best yet
Would be a great movie!
One of the best reads ever!
Loved this book!
I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes character driven novels
Could not put it down
This story was very good and I love how Hannah keeps us guessing throughout ...
A must read!
It is amazing what people can adjust to and do in the ...
Easily one of the top 10 fiction books I've read
The authors best
It grabs you hard and breaks your heart
I couldn't put it down!
This was a wonderful book. I could hardly put it down and ...
A different point of view
most emotional and haunting
Love the way she writes
I have recommended it to all of my friends
A truly wonderful read.
I really enjoyed this book
Fantastic!
a must read!
ABSOLUELY WONDERFUL
Powerful World War II novel
Excellent read
One of Hannah's best.
The Nightingale, an amazing, powerful tale
It was a very good story of how World War II was in France ...
Wonderfully descriptive novel of a dark period with great character ...
A MUST READ
Excellent novel, masterfully written tale
Wow!
worth reading!
I enjoyed the book very much
I enjoyed Kristin's novel
Beautifully written
Moving
The nightingale
The Nightengale
The Nightingale
I just finished this book and I was amazed at the graphic way Kristin Hannah described life in ...
Great book on occupied France during WWII
Enjoyed it but I felt like I'd read It before
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah
it was a very good read. It isn't a period of time I ...
Wonderful literature. Would recommend it highly Full of history ...
My Favorite of the Year ....
History and Insights
I highly recommend it.
Wonderful
The nightingale
Six star read
Sad but a great read
What a great read!
VERY good book - hard to put down
Wonderful book. The view of Nazi occupied France is ...
Amazing
Great story. Lovely writing.
interesting but sad story.
I really enjoyed this book
Another good novel by Kristen Hannah
The Nightingale
The Nightingale
Hooked in five minutes
Very difficult to stay with it in some places due ...
This was a great read. The character development was superb
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Must read if you enjoy historical fiction!
This very well written book taught me so much about the pain, loss and love of WW ll.  Just outstanding!
Wonderful!
A great tale of two sisters in occupied France during World War II
An excellent story of bravery and heroism in a struggling family ...
Winning through determination
It was a good book. I just remember I Have read book ...
Great WWII book with war
The style of the author is simple. No challenging ...
I thought this was a great book, but some parts could have been better ...
Keep a Tissue Handy.
Pain & Triumph
Get some tissues
Loved this book from the first page to the last
Fascinating story
Page turner!
Riviting Story
An utterly moving story
Swept away
old mother enjoyed this book as well as me
Just when I had decided which character to like and which not to like things changed
Excellent read!
Exciting and heart-wrenching.
When a author has the ability to bring one to tears it is just wonderful.. Finished the book a few weeks ago ...
Early yet, but best book of 2015!
one of my new favorites
Five Stars
A must read
A wonderful story about the ravages of war on family and ...
Incredible
The real heroes  of the Holocaust!
Fast paced lots of action...
Great Read - Hard to Put Down
Wonderfull Read!
Steel yourself but read this book
loved it
Survival
Loved this book
Bravo Kristen
Nightingale
Very riveting book
Loved it!
Great Read!
intriguing, compelling story
Very painful to read
Absolutely loved this story
This book is amazing.
beautifully written
Great book!
This book is so compelling, it stays with you ...
Page Turner with Lots of History
Sad time in the history of the world. Many heroes gave their lives to fight in World War II
Amazing
Women Strong and Brave
WW2 tale worth reading
A must read
Amazing.  Couldn't put it down.
This is a great book club read
Strong women
An amazing, riveting story
Nightingale is excellent!
The Nightingale
Superior novel of women and war
I would give this book 10 stars if possible. ...
Great historical fiction
A must read!
Another great book about strong women.
Beautifully written and heartfelt story of two French sisters during ...
I can't begin to tell you how much I loved this book
Loved this book
A poignant and emotional capture of the pain and horror of France under Nazi control. It is unapologetic of the whys and the how
We Must Never Forget
This is such a wonderful book that I was sorry it had to end
Heartwarming, Tragic, Yet Beautiful
Beautiful read- a family destroyed and reborn during ww2
Great Read
deeply powerful!
Beautifully written story.
Great story!!!
I can say that this is the very best one. I could not put the book down
Epic Novel of Women in Vichy France
Great Read!
The Nightingale was an outstanding novel.
An amazing read that transports the reader to the terrible days ...
Poignant tale of the French Resistance
Plan to be reading well into the night!  Hard to set this one aside.
Hannah has you walk in the shoes of two French ...
A must read!!!!!
Good Story Worth Reading
A really good read
Pulitzer worthy for this year.
It was one of the best books I've read in several years
A great story!
Fantastic book! I read this after finishing "All the ...
Gripping story from page one!
Loved it!
Couldn't put it down!
One of my favorites of the year!
Brutality tied up with a bow
Gripping and real
Now I understand heroism and stand in awe of those who fought the horrors of Nazi occupation.
I really enjoyed this book - I have read the negative reviews ...
I like to learn something from every book that I read
I really enjoy historical fiction and found this story one of my ...
A very well written, thought provoking story that deals ...
Two Sisters Survive the Holocaust
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME
but it got better as I slogged on
Well written study in family dynamics during the politically volatile ...
5 Stars for Ms. Hannah
Brave Women
I loved this book
Had me in tears at several parts throughout the book ...
Very compelling and moving story about the plight of the ...
Kristin Hannah has done it again. This is a ...
One of the best books I've read this year
I loved it! It was almost like you were there ...
A beautiful story
Wow
A must read
Wonderful book about struggles and looking at a person's heart ...
It gets better and better....
Quite thought provoking and memorable that people like the characters in the book really did and still ...
A heartfelt book about women during war and their survival
I highly recommend this book
The best book I've read this year
The story was interesting. It introduced France under the ...
Must Read
Really enjoyed this book even though it brought tears to my ...
An excellent presentation of WW
Wonderful read
A book you won't want to put down until you finish
A sad account but where you don't realize everything until near ...
This is one of the best books I have read in the past few years
I loved this book!
Despite the fascinating story line I found I just never ...
An Extraordinarily Moving Story
Enjoyed It
A moving story with lessons for today
Incredibly moving, and well written.
One of ny new favorite reads! It started out a bit slow for ...
This was a wonderful book which was historically accurate and one I will ...
Loved it!  One of my top two for three years.
Hannah's best work yet!
I hated to see it end
Wonderfully written
An amazing read!  Highly recommended!
Not to be missed
Beautifully written
The Nightingale
Heart wrenching
Liked it much more than I imagined
She is one of the best Arthur's that I read all the time her books ...
Heartbreaking
Very enjoyable historical fiction
Such struggles!!
interesting and spellbinding
One of the best
So interesting
thanks to all those people who helped so many Jews to survive
Wonderful, hearbreaking story during WWII
I very much enjoyed the book
great book!
Wonderful story
Nightingale creates good book club discussion and thoughtful views about the tragedy ...
I teach history and often don't like World War II plot lines
The suspense was very good and kept you wondering what would happen next
This book would not leave my heart alone. One ...
Love, Survival and Hard Choices during WW II
Fabulous story
Very good literature.
Great glimpses and insights into the dangers and deprivations of ...
I really enjoyed this book
Riveting!
One of the best books that I have read in a long time ...
Captivating!
Just okay.
Beautiful Story
Good story
Fall In Love With the Characters!
why so many book clubs are reading this one
Couldn't put it down!
Painfully realistic
War at its worst and its best
This book was just all right for me. It ...
Enjoyable and informative.
found multiple examples of poor writing. I did not continue reading it beyond ...
Unforgetable!!
I really enjoy Kristin Hannah's books
A great story
Rage and Love- When the enemy comes marching in.
Vivid details and strong characters
Emotional excellence
incredible
It is not glorious nor does it ever offer good solutions. Great writer that brings the reader right ...
The best book I've read in years
Wow
A beautifully crafted story
Absolutely amazing.
A must read!
I was captured
This is one of the best books I have ever read
Spellbinding!!
Unforgettable, beautifully written historical fiction.  One of the best!
Very harrowing and sad story, sensitively written and impossible to put down ...
Touching
GREAT READ
Powerful
Engrossing, heart wrenching novel
excellent book
It is beautifully written, touching and in the end
Enlightening Book about WW2 in France
Important issues addressed
THE NIGHTINGAL E
... buy this book for my Kindle but I'm so glad I did
Full of courage
I loved every word of this book
Awesome!
Very interesting storyline
An riveting read!
Many emotions of love and loss during WWll
Beautiful story
Grabbed my heart!!!
Amazing story, really sad
Breathtakingly beautiful!
Its a wonderful book! In my opinion every 20-30 year old ...
Really good book!
Best book of reality and war
I really liked the book but of course knew the outcome from ...
5 stars - bravo
A must read
I loved the story
Heartbreakingly terrific story
Family love is sometimes as complicated as romantic love!
I enjoyed parts of the story
Truly a magnificent story.
a must read
One of my very favorites!
I would recommend this book to anyone
Amazing story of Love, Loss, Family
Highly recommended read
survival
Get Ready for a Great Read!
Insights into occupied France.
By the time I ended the book I thought perhaps it was one of the best books I've ever read
Nightingale is beautifully written and taut with suspense
Great book!!
SUPER READ!!!
Not Kristen Hannah's typical writing; a real page turner ...
It was a great book even though it was one of the sadist ...
It is a beautifully written book
Page turner
I loved that the protagonists were brave women playing heroic roles ...
Tear Fest
Bravo, I absolutely loved this book
it is not a work of fine literature. I was hoping for a better quality ...
All-around great read!
Absolutely the best book I have read in ages!
Did not want this book to end. You got ...
A captivating read.
If you love WWII stories, you will really enjoy this one.
Love Kristin Hannah and have thoroughly enjoyed all of her ...
This was a great book about WWII
loved this book at first I wasn't so sure I ...
best book yet
Excellent story line and the history references were absolutely perfect
A can't put down book
I'm glad I read this book
great book
Wow  what a story
A very touching book! Hard to put down!  Must read!
absolutely gripping!
Great read
Loved learning about women who aided Jewish children and the ...
Excellent read.
Female Fighters
A story of love, heroines and survival
An excellent read regardless of your sex
Good Who-dunit!
Wow!
MUST READ!
This is a worthwhile read. Well written. True ...
This is one of the few books that have read ...
The book is great and gets better as you go.
The Nightengale- historical fiction at its page turning best!
A Gripping Novel about France and World War 2
Great book!
Excellent read
The Nightingale
Absolutely Fantastic!
Excellent beyond description.
A War I Remember
A great one.
it was an outstanding story of a horrible time in our world, when people had no concern for life.....
Great story of a WW2 Heroine!
loved it!
Tear jerker
Best ever
I cold not put this book down. Well done!
Couldn't put it down!
Wow
Inspired storytelling.
A very good historical read
nightingale
My new favorite!
Great Read.
The French resistance & the French country people. How Stoic they were
Must Read!
This was one of the best non-fiction books that I have ever read
One of the best books I have read in quite a while
Fast moving page turner
Heart breaking and a heart warming
Loved it
A riveting, emotional tale showing the best and worst of human behavior during the French occupation in WWII. A MUST READ!
This was another incredibly sad WWII story
Beautifully written, a painful story
One of the best stories I have read for a long time
Loved/hated the book!!
Honestly one of the best books I've ever read
A great story about WWII and the Holocaust
The nightingale
I have read many stories that took place durning those years-this was one of the best in my opinion
Terrific story set during WW2.
Good literature - plot clips along but, forwarded, it is a long path.
One of her best books, it kept your interest from the beginning ...
Great book
Fantastic Read! Didn't want it to end....just perfection
You won't put this one down!
I found this book very interesting but sad. How People treated each other during war times ...
A must read to enjoy!
Now I understand
Merci
Best book I've read in a long time!!
Good fictional novel that  helps you think
A very interesting story. Not for the emotionally weak ...
I loved the ending
A story so moving I felt I was there.
Good Historical Fiction
Best book I've ever read
a great read
I love historical fiction - and this book was right up ...
Highly recommended
Worth reading
There is a nice twist to the ending
Displaced by the stress of war, how would you handle it?
excllent book
Highly Recommended!
I could feel their pain and happiness. I cried for an hour after the ending
Wonderful
best book of 2015
Amazingly amazing!
Very good book!
Wow
This could easily be a movie
Beautiful Novel!
Amazing. Simply amazing
Fantastic
Heroine
I like this book more than "All the light we cannot ...
Must read
Engrossing
Do not miss this book
Moving in many ways
I loved this book
Simply fantastic
YES, YES YES!!!!
A very good book and well written
Riviting
Read It!!
Wow!
Loved The Nightingale
Novel Perspective, Makes for a great read.
this is a book that could easily be made into a movie with absolute perfection
Great Story!
holocaust
The Nightingale
you will love this book
Not just another story
Wonderful story!
AWESOME BOOK! A must read for everyone.
Awakened! So many unsung heroes!
I really recommend this novel
so heartbreaking and beautiful
Gripping
It was compelling and well written, It was a ...
Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors. This was a great book
A WWII French Women Story
"The Nightingale" might very well be the best book I have read in a very long time
Have not read a book this good in a while
It gave me a totally new perspective on what things were like in France during WWII
This novel made me live through it all
Loved every page
A Definite Page Turner!
The Nightingale was excellent! Hanna did a wonderful job portraying the characters
Love this author!!!
amazing!
The most moving book
Amazing!
eye opening. could hardly put it down!
best book ever!
Fantastic Read
I finally found a good book!!
As with most Kristin Hannah books The Nightengale doesn't pull ...
Beautiful.
Great story
An amazing story, it really made me realize what the ...
Fabulous and gripping portrayal of French Resistance efforts and life ...
An amazing read about occupied France during world war 2 that is impossible to put down.
Not just another WWII book
Page turner til the end
The Nighttingale
I loved it
Absolutely beautiful
This was a wonderful book - I had trouble wanting to both fly ...
Excellent story with a new twist on an old story
A worthwhile  read
One of the best books I have read
Great read!
Fantastic Read
Amazing
Two Good Birds of a feather.
A real page turner!  Could not put it down!
A wonderfully crafted story.
The Nightingale was an excellent book. I could not put it down
This book is a must read.
I LOVED this book
Beautifully written, heart breaking account of how regular French ...
I loved it
Outstanding.
I thoroughly enjoyed the story
Well worth your time
Loved it, Hated for it to end
Heart breaking and touching story of WWII through the French ...
Stayed in my head for days after I finished it.
The characters drew me into the story-I felt like I was there
Fiction?
The Amazing Human Spirit
An unforgettable story
Another hit from Kristin Hannah.
Wonderful Read
Gripping Poignant Read
BEST BOOK I'VE READ IN AGES
I really enjoyed the interactions of the families involved
Wow, that is all, just Wow
Loved the story
Every American should read this book.
Dpn't Miss This Book, The Nightingale!!
beautiful
Best book I have read in years.
Amazing!
Excellent emotional read
Moving Story
A real heroine was revealed.
Vichy France story
This provides a window into the period between 1939-1945 and ...
Couldn't put it down.
Women in France during WWII.
Fantastic book. I really like the way Kristin Hannah ...
Beautifully written
The best book I've read so far in 2015.
Great book
The Nightingale
Beautiful
Memorable story.....
My favorite...
Worthwhile read for sure!!!
A nice read
History & romance...
Amazing
Heartbreaking, beautiful
Historic Fiction At Its Best
Very beautifully written story of two sisters and their experiences during ...
couldn't put it down
Moving historical fiction
This book I could not put down, as the ...
Touches the heart
The Nightengale sang for me.
It's okay. I got a bit tired of the ...
Best book I've read in a long time!
A must read!
... this book the other day - it was so sad but very well written
I thought it was very well written and I enjoyed every minute of it
Excellent written story about how the French suffered but also ...
What a compelling story! I am rarely moved by ...
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this book
A Must Read
I loved this book
Sisters trying to survive WWII in France
Sad and beautiful, a story about love and war and love in war...
WW II Underground
This was Kristin Hannah's best book. As historical fiction
As an American it made me question the possibilities.
Exciting and Realistic
Living & surviving in France during WW 2
... hard to imagine but Kristin Hannah has done a wonderful job of weaving their lives together in heartbreaking realities
Love love love
The Nightingale
A Must Read
... read every book Kristen Hannah has written and I love her style of writing
5 stars
Great
Great book
What was it like to live in occupied France
Brilliant
Great character development and a story line that grabs the ...
Fabulous!
Nightingale
amazing book
I loved this book!
Story of another tragic side of WW2
Amazing book that will keep you reading!
Excellent read! I was absorbed with how the sisters ...
I loved this book
A sad but lovely story.
Fantastic!
good read
Highly recommend this book
Eye Opener
Haunting historical fiction
Good book about the French Resistance.
but it was nevertheless good and the first one I have read on the ...
Incredible story.
For history buffs or just those who enjoy a good reda
glad I didn't
Yes read this!!
Kept me on the edge of my seat!
darlene
What a great read.
so great
An excellent read. Would be a great movie
Beautiful!
Stick with it
One of her best!
FANTASTIC
Good read
Excellent story. Could hardly put the book down
Loved it
I love all of Kristin Hannah's books but this was one ...
Truly a page turner!
Good story
Unbelievably Moving
Loved the book= hard to put down
A tribute to the human spirit.
... pleasant read- the subject is France during WW2- is brilliant. Leaves one with many ideas not remembered for ...
excellent book
The Nightingale...A great read!
I really loved this book
Fabulous!  Just read it!
Wonderful
Compelling
A great book about 2 strong women and what they did ...
I enjoyed this book
Outstanding!
I found the historic events of what non Parisian went ...
Captivating and memorable long after finished reading.
I love most everything written by Kristin Hannah
It was a great book.
Great book
Amazing read.
An amazing story of 2 sisters during the German occupation of ...
Good read
Loved it!
Five stars!
Great reading!
The author takes you to the story.
a moving story
This was the best book I've read in a long time
beautiful story and an easy read
Incredible...
Great view of the war's impact on lives
amazing, doesn't even cover it
Want to feel like you are living in Nazi occupied France in 1943
Best book I've read in years.
French women had to survive when left on their own after the German occupation of France.
Excellent read. The historical account of life in occupied ...
It was a great book.
One felt hate, pity
Wonderful story, beautifully written
World War II from the woman's point of view
fantastic
Another great book!
heart wrenching tale of bravery love and sacrifice
beautifully written
great read!  couldn't put it down
couldn't put it down
Greatest of Kristen Hannah's books.
I liked it
amazing
Great book
fiction or not fiction  (too close to the truth)
This is absolutely the best book I have read in a long long time
Bravo!
This is an awesome read. I would highly recommend this book for ...
A real treat.
Great love and friendship relationships
Kristin Hannah's best.
and not always easy to label as 'good' or 'bad'
Highly recommend, good story!
Love, hate
.
Fantastic
I wish all the bleeding hearts that think they have ...
Historical fiction
Terrific human story!
Inspiration
Human Spirit
Excellent!!
A Fantastic Novel
Wonderful read, well written
A truly wonderful book. I highly recommend it to all!
Def worth your time
One of the best books I have ever read
Outstanding!! As history buff I really appreciated the ...
nightingale
Excellent
Don't miss this good read
Really good read exposing the horrors of war suffered by those ...
The Nightingale
It was a very good read and It made me cry because of the ...
A beautifully written and very poignant story
Must Read!!
Thought provoking
Beyond brilliant!
This felt like The Hunger Games
Don't pass this one up.
AWASOME
Excellent read.
Compelling
Highly recommend!
Amazing, amazing book
Outstanding read!
It was a disappointment to me
wonderful book
Average reading
Don't miss reading The Nifgtingale
I really enjoyed this book
breathless...
I'm completely fascinated by this story. I won't give ...
I thought it was another French resistance book, but ...
The Nightingale
Don't miss this book!!!!!
This is definitely one of the best books I have read in a long time
Author did a great job making you feel like you were right there
This is the best book I've read in a long time
Amazing story
disappointed to learn that it was all fiction
Worth every minute....
WWII Page turner
Author Maker
Damn good read
Excellent
Loved this book
engrossing!!
that made it an excellent read. the words of my wife who said ...
The best I've read in over a year
Extraordinary picture of the impact of WW II on the ...
Hard to put down
Good read
First time reading this book I think other 2nd war ...
Out of this world
Compelling tale of World War II French resistance
Story of love vs evil
Beautifully written
It's been a long time since I stayed up for ...
Loved it!
Beautiful Story
a reason to read more by this author
Great read
Beautifully written story set in Nazi occupied France during World ...
Wonderful book
Fantastic portrait of what life was like for these woman ...
Beautifully written, well developed characters
Great
"never forget". ....a excellent book which helps us remember
Well written! The horror that the Germans did to ...
Always like K. Hannah books
Not my type of book but a very interesting look ...
I liked the subject matter
The Nightingale
I love all her books
Outstanding
Best yet bu author.
Fabulous Story
The characters of life like. I feel like I unhderstand some of the ...
perspective
Moving
The character's feelings of love, pain and suffering was expressed quite well
I went back in time. Reading this novel I ...
Excellent
I shed a tear
Courage, love, loss and getting on.
Great story!!
Captivating!
Great Story of Family Endurance
I loved this novel
an absolutely excellent story, very moving
What you will do on the last page...
Powerful book
Amazing story
Excellent read - couldn't put it down!
I didn't want it to end!
her books are magical
Great book,
another great book by Kristin Hannah!
heart wrenching beautiful story
I loved this book
Amazing Book
Dangerous choices
Great historical fiction
A must read!!
Great read about occupied France about WW11
A wonderful book!
A gritty love story
Beautifully Bittersweet
So real it hurt!
Loved it.
Wonderful Story!
Wonderful story---rich characters that involve you in their joys and heart aches during France's involvement in WWII.
A heart wrenching story of personal courage and love
EXCELLENT!
A beautiful story
Well written story of a horrible time In our history---Nazi invasion of France and the ...
Excellent book
Wow.
The Nightingale
This is absolutely a recommended read. It is one of the best books ...
A Gem
Great read! Wonderful characters and a different WWII story ...
One of the best books I have read this year.
I loved it! One of the the best books I've ...
Great characters, well written.
Great historical fiction
A heart rendering story of survival and courage during world ...
A good read on WWII France.
great story
Be sure to read!
Very Good Book
Excellent story about a painful time in history.
Fantastic!!!
my heart wept for the french
engaging
I love this story!
A tribute
Exceptional and well written!
Good read
I couldn't put it down!
Gripping!
Loved it
A heart wrenching, compelling story of the French Resistance of WWII.
The best book I have read in a very long time
Great writing
amazing
Be Prepared to Stay Up Late - Couldn't Put It Down!
Excellent read
Awesome story
Eye-opening and heart-wrenching
Best book she has written yet
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well written and great characters. Love that part of history
I thoroughly enjoyed this story
Historical fiction at its best.
two sisters
Hauntingly beautiful story
Amazing Story!!
Great research on everyday life in France under Nazi occupation
Dissapointed
Mesmerizing
Great Read
I loved this story
this book was well written with good transitions between events and characters
Great writing and and very memorable
Incredible story about family love and loss in what we all know was a ...
Fantastic book!!
Excellent book!!!!
With your time....
A Must Read
Tremendous
A story of love and survival.
It's a wonderful tale of sisters living in occupied France and the ...
Fantastic
Nightingale was one of the best novels I read about the Germany invasion of Europe
A book you won't want to put down.
I thought this was a good book, but could've been a bit shorter
This was a good read. The story line was interesting and the ...
Terrific book!
One of the best books I've read in a long time
Amazing
One of the best books I've ever read
Riveting
The nightingale
If you want to read a great book about France in World War II
Excellent read
A MUST READ!!!!!
I usually really enjoy Kristin Hannah books
Powerful and compelling story
Excellent tear producer
Hard to put the book down! The character development ...
A story that will stay with you.
Nightengale and winter garden tied for best Hannah
An amazing tale.
Great Story...well told.
I love Kristin Hannah's books and Nightingale did not disappoint
The nightingale
Interesting story of ordinary people compelled to extraordinary acts of ...
Excellent. Kept you in suspense
One of the best books I've read all year
Deeply moving and capturing
Outstanding novel by Kristen Hannah. The characters are superbly ...
I loved this book
Loved this book!
None
I have to say that I would recommend the book to any
Loved this book
Great WW2 Story
Brings back many memories of the World War II time even though living in the USA did not go through the terrible struggles in Fr
A powerful story about World War 2
A Beautiful Story
fast paced great read
Disappointing
This was an excellent book of the struggle of the French during WWII
Very timely book about Paris in WWII
Spellbinding historical novel
What a beautiful story! I couldn't stop the tears
A good read
Great..so insightful
The French Nightingale
I love Kristin Hannah writing and how she draws you in ...
This is a beautifully written book
A Must Read
amazing
Could not stop reading until I reached the last page.
But it was so sad..
The very BEST book I have read in a very long time
Incredible and moving
I think this is one of the best books I have ever read
One of Kristen Hannah's finest. I love that each of her books are ...
the Nightingale
Awesome Book!
One of my favorite novels
Great ending
Captivating!
Very good book
So good!!!!
Emotionally engaging.
Possibly the best book I have ever read!!!
Excellent!
Excellent
Excellent reading.
Great insight
but I love the book
Hidden mystery!
this was good. It took a while to read only because ...
one of the best books ever
Character development was fabulous!
It's a winner
Survival of the spirit in time of war
Boriing!!
Emotional ending!
Best book I've read in a long time
Excellent story set in WW2
Another winner from Kristin Hannah
Because I remember some of WWII it brought back sad memories but ones I hope the world never forgets
Worth the read
Was sad but it brought to mind that tyranny like Germany ...
A must-read...
I LIKE READING BOOKS THAT RELATE TO THAT TIME PERIOD
Fascinating story
obsessed
Absolutely stunning
The Nightingale
Good story.
Heartfelt
Must read
Incredible writer and her incredible characters.
I could not put this book down
The characters wrap you into their lives and leave you ...
Great read!
A good beach/airplane read
Hard to put down
I love Kristin Hannah and this was a very different type ...
Courageous Women
Touching family saga
Incredible story
I loved it. It is definitely one of my favorites
Awesome!
A must read!
Great book!
Great character development
another perfect story
Great story
Nightingale
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah
Kristin Hannah is a wonderful author. I am compelled to read more of ...
Beautiful, heart wrenching story of love and survival
Stunningly realistic, could not put it down. It really drives home the message of how much families mean to each other. Love can
Engaging and inspiring
It was such an amazing glimpse of what life for women in France during ...
Best book I've read in years.
Everyone should read this book
A special book!
On my list of recommended great books.
Fabulous
Great story, smartly written
Excellent Book
BRAVO!!!
The Nightingale--very moving , emotional story
Incredibly moving
I enjoyed this book and it was very interesting to learn ...
I don't know. It was certainly readable. Having ...
Beautifully told story
Amazing Story
A Must Read
Love it!
amazing and touching
Just Wonderful
Beautiful story about strength & survival.
It is rare that I love a book so much that I can't wait to ...
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Excellent
Loved this book!
I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend it to others
outstanding account from the non- Jewish perspective of WWII.
Five Stars + Five Stars
Beautiful story about two women during war!
Read it in a day
A MUST read!!!!!
Stunning
A good, worthwhile
Very moving
I enjoyed it very much because I am of that era
The Nightingale review
One of her best! Couldn't put it down and when I did ...
Amazing narrative drive
Best book I've read in a long time!
Absolute must read!
Great story. Well written.
Wonderful Story
Amazing read!
I truly enjoyed this book
Amazing
I really enjoyed this book
LOVED LOVED LOVED IT!
I enjoyed reading this beautifully written account of a French family ...
Excrllent Historical Read
Enlightenment
detail role of women's lives in war torn France
Interesting, well written
Excellent
Heartwrenching
Great book. It portrays some very important history I ...
A 71 year old man shouldn't cry, but I am!
Review of the Nightingale
"The Nightingale" --best book I've read this year!
Well done!!!
An excellent reminder of how France suffered at the hands of ...
I so enjoyed reading this book
I would recommend the book because all in all it was a ...
Must read for any historical fiction lover
This book was brilliantly written. It captivated my attention from beginning to ...
Not to be missed!
beautifully written! My mother belonged to Hitler Youth and ...
Wonderful
Wow!
Kept me very interested. Some graphic descriptions of violence ...
Great read
Love during WWIi
Great read!
I didn't want this book to end. All the ...
A 10 star book
Great Read
Well written and a wonderful look at the heroism of some in a horrible ...
This was one of the best books that I have ever read
Riveting, Compelling, & Horrifying!
Amazing book that will stay with you a very long ...
Loved this book!
Four Stars
Very good read, especially if your interested in WWll stories
Gripping. Could not put it down.
Amazing story
Absorbing story of strength
True to life story of two sisters during the German ...
A truly excellent book
Absolutely amazing!!!
Two sisters surviving their differences as well as WWII.
You MUST read this book
Nice summer escape!
well written story that opens up as it develops and ...
The Nightingale: courageous & beautiful
Enjoyed the story very much
Although I am a history lover.... ...
Excellent page turning book
Wonderful book. Excellent development of characters
Couldn't put it down!
Best book I have read
A Story All Should Know
Great story
A very good read.
Great story of two sisters during WWII -- all their ...
Wonderful book
Story was good, details were good
A Must Read
*heartbeating*
Not to be missed!
A very good read!
an exciting well written book.
A stunning engrossing read. I had the privilege of  being in Paris while reading this thrilling heartbreaking book. It made the
Enjoyed this book
Best book
Uplifting & heart breaking!! WWII info you never knew!
Loved this book!
Fantastic Read! Loved it
WWII from the point of view of a French father ...
I strongly recommend you take the time to read this terrific book
Such a great book.
WOW
Best book I've read in years
One of the best books I've read this year
Great book!
I love all Kristin Hanah's books but this one was exceptional
recommend reading this book...
Cried as I read the last pages
engrossing historical novel
Fantastic Read
Absolutely wonderful book. Best thing I have read in a ...
The French Will Not Surrender
Great book! Could not stop reading
5 Stars!
No Singing!
I loved this book
The love and affection between two sisters is displayed beautifully
Must read
A beautiful story
Not to be missed.
I loved this book
Excellence
Beautifully written, a treasure to read and I don't ...
I loved the story and the way it was portrayed
Easily the best book I've read all year...
I gave it the 5 stars because it came highly recommended with, "Mom
One of the best books I've ever read!
My new favorite!
Terrific Book
Excellent read
I love her writing style
Amazing
I loved this book!
Captivating
Powerful and engrossing...
I absolutely loved this book
A very good read but quite graphic
Couldn't Put it Down
fantastic read
Be prepared to be moved
A good read
One of the best Kristin Hannah books I've read
Best author I have ever read
War Time Love
Slow beginning, but don't give up on it. ...
Must read
Best book I read all year
Though it is sad with the war atrocities
Loved It.
Excellent!
Good WWII
Excellent Read
Haunting.
Excellent story. Held my interest throughout the novel
The best book I've read in years
I loved this book
ONE OF THE GOOD ONES!!!
I like the way Kristin Hannah writes
No one should forget the horrors of Hitler!!
Stellar!
Grabs you from the first sentence
The French Resistance -- Two Takes
Another view of WWII
The history aspect was great, the story of the two sisters fantastic
Disturbingly fabulous read!
I have turned the last page of this magnificent novel with my heart and mind hungering for more.
Excellent Book
Awesome
Inspiring Historical Story
Great Book
The characters were women of amazing strength and courage
Wonderful book. I could not put it down
A must read for WWII fanatics
great Read
This book is heartbreaking but absolutely beautiful. The characters and story don't leave you
best book this year
Great writing, compelling story
Her best work!!
amazing
Beautifully written!
This is one of the best books I have read
Kristin once again offeres a read that is thought-provoking and ...
A great book. It was well written
Great Read!
Truth and Beauty
Enjoyed this book very much
Very much enjoyed the relationships between the sisters
Interesting story line and great character development--thoroughly engrossed in the unbelieveable hardship of living ...
I loved this book
One of the best books I've read this year
A very readable, very emotional historical fiction piece. ...
Excellent book! Well written
An incredible look at what horrors were happening to all ...
Beautifully written story of love
Beautiful writing, a wonderful story and outstanding characterization
Couldn't put this book down
An amazing story of hardship and courage
good read
Amazing story!
Great book
Another excellent read
Must read
Heartwrenching and Triumphant
An awesome read. Couldn't put it down it had it ...
Sharon.l.liu52@oracle.com
Lovely
Fantastic book.
VERY NICE BOOK
Great historical fiction that grabs your attention from beginning to ...
Great story. I was so engrossed in this story ...
Great Book
moving
There have been so many stories about WW!! ...
Excellent!
breathtaking!
This book kept you interested and wanting to see what ...
Nightmare
This book had me from the first paragraph to the ...
.
Well written and I would recommend this book to my friends
The tale of two sisters in WWII France whose lives ...
I loved this book
It's okay. Characters did not seem to follow an ...
Heroines of WWII that were unsung and mostly u remembered
great book group book
This was a wonderful glimpse into the French experiences of WW2
One of those books that you can't put down
Amazing
Captivating
Nightingale
A story you won't soon forget.
Loved this book
great read
Wonderful storytelling
Moving and unforgettable
This book shows Kristin Hannah at her best. Lovely story
A story of two sisters in France during the war ...
Wonderful women characters
I loved the book even thought it was so sad
Page Turner
Sad but lovely
Brilliant. Strong women as main characters with a side ...
Everyone was very pleased with it
Must read
beautifully written
A story of sisters who were so different, but in the end much alike
gripping tale
The hatred and evil resulting in WWII are, unfortunately ...
A very powerful story about some very good and brave people
Fantastic book
Great book
the best book I've read in ages!
Heartbreaking and Beautiful
unnerving
what a good read!
Allison
Masterful and important
it was sad, heartwarming
i found this novel to be the best book i have read in the last five years
Great WWII story!
Totally enjoyed the history in book
This is absolutely one of the very best books I have read in years
Excellent book in every way.
This was a wonderful read!
Great Book with Strong Women Characters.
The nightingale
One of the best books!
Loved it
Amazing read! Totally different perspective on World War II ...
Great read
Definitely a favorite!
French WW II resistance
I couldn't put this book down
Make love not war
Great story line that developed around historical events
Great book!
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book
Good one
Riveting!
Wonderful
Left wanting more of this authors writing
Loved this book
Without a doubt one of my top ten books
Loved it!!
Just about my favorite World War II book of fiction
Could not put it down!
The Nightingale
I enjoyed reading this book
Moving page turner.
Appreciate your life
Super book. Exciting
Awesome book about strong women in WW2 France
Compelling story
Worth the read
Bravery Beyond Belif
I loved the book
Loved the 'surprise' ending
Loved this book!
Excellent book, I couldn't put it down
Wonderful book! It was so compelling I couldn't finish ...
Sobbing at the end of this
Good Book Club Choice
Excellent book
really helps the reader understand a little of what it must have been like for so many people at that time
Try this Kristen Hannah change of pace
Amazing book with characters that you really get to know
Decent book but following my recent read of "All the ...
Brought those horrible times to life.
The book was a great read. I've recommended the book to friends already
Really great book to read
Spellbinding Historical Fiction
very well written
I LOVED THE CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT AND THE FACT I CARED SO ...
Excellent!!!
Excellent book. It was one of those books that ...
A beautiful heartbreak
My new favorite Kristin Hannah book!
very sad but excellent read that has lots of lessons
I love Kristin Hannah and have read every book of hers
a rare story of the women who endured, sacrificed and survived the horror of WWII.
MUST READ THIS BOOK
Nightingale sings.
I could read this over and over--
thank you Kristin Hannah
A great book! A heart wrenching tale of love
Outstanding
Amazing story
Beauty in hidden gems
Wonderfully written beginning to end!
I learned a great deal about what hardships and dangers citizens in France ...
ANOTHER WINNER FOR KRISTEN
I really enjoyed this book
Thoroughly enjoyed this book
Book of the Year for Me
We must never forget
Very good book
a great read
Beautiful
Five Stars
Poorly written
A great book! Everhyone should read it and I havee ...
excellent
Pageturner
Beautifully Heartbreaking
A great WWII novel
Love her books.
Wow
THE Bird SINGS TRUE
Overall great book
I loved this book and have recommended it to everyone I ...
Bravo
Loved it.
Wonderful book. Couldn't put it down.
The sacrifices the French people made
Wonderful book so well written
Nightingale
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah
Spellbinding
The Nightingale
Favorite authors
A moving and stark reminder
... book of Kristin Hannah's I have read that wasn't wonderful. She writes with her soul and I feel it in my heart...
WOW!
I couldn't put this down. The characters are really ...
Quick read important topic
Wonderful!
How two sisters survived the Nazi occupation of France in WWII.
The must read of the year!
spellbinding
A very good story
Hidden courage,behind the scenes opportunities
absolute, merci!
the nightingale
This was one of the best books that I have read
It was an excellent book. I learned a lot about the lives ...
The Nightingale
Shows the courage and perseverance and sacrifice that citizens dedicated ...
Wonderful book. Lest we never forget what war is ...
Brilliant
Great Story of France during WWII
The story enveloped a tragic era described with sensitivity to ...
Great read!
Good Book with Great Ending
Wonderful
Emotional
Loved this read
Loved this book!
French Resistance by unexpected subjects
Great historical fiction
Love her writing
Thoroughly captivating book. You watch the sister grow in ...
After reading I ask myself, 'What Would I Have Done?'
It is not an easy story but well worth reading
Strong, slowly unfolding story
Wonderful story
Couldn't Put It Down!
This is among the best I have read
Riveting
One of the best books that I have read in a very long ...
A wonderful insight to historical fact about the French Resistance and ...
wonderful read
Very good novel although at times it is a hard subject ...
very well written and very moving.
Loved it!!!
Riveting!
A must read for the summer
Great book that kept me interested the entire read
Three Stars
Really good!
The ending was confusing.
It is oft times painful and sad but also beautiful
The Nightingale sings a path to our hearts!
Amazing!
Page turner!
Superb!!!
The best book I've read in a year
I loved this book
terrific
I loved it. It was one of those special books ...
Incredibly moving
Captivating...
Strength of the heart
Amazing, Kristen Hannah does it again!
whew
A remarkable book. This is what writing and reading ...
Loved it
One of my favorite authors, and she didn't disappoint with this one
Can't forget ....
without a doubt the best book I have read this year----It should be in ...
Enlightening
Kristin Hannah's best work
I highly recommend it.
Heartbreaking
One of my new favorite books. The story has so many levels of depth. Loved this.
Wonderful Historical Fiction.
One of the best books that I have read recently and thoroughly enjoyed
Good, summertime read
Excellent! I rarely give 5 stars
Great Book
This book was an exceptionally good read. I was a bit hesitant about the ...
Very good read.
WOW
must read
Good story!
I would recommend it to anyone
Excellent read
Awesome! Couldn't put it down!
A MUST READ!
Just couldn't put this novel down. I cried so ...
I thought this was a wonderful book. One of the best reads of the ...
Amazing st o Ryan of love and war.
Great story as usual for Kristin Hannah
Suspenseful tale of heroism of women in French Resistance
This was a great book.
Really great book. Of course
Kristin Hannah keeps getting better!
Breathtaking!
Superb book.
Good read.
The tempo of the story as told by two sisters was perfect.
What else do you need for a good book?
Historical Fiction at its finest
This book was very intense. It only took me ...
One of her best books - it was so deep
Love Wins
One of her best books! Historical fiction so I learned a lot
wonderful, thought provoking book
you will not regret reading this book
Great book. Keeps you interested from the first page
Inspiring and captivating!
A Must read!
Gut wrenching and gripping.  I couldn't put it down.
Heartbreaking
A beautiful work
You just need to read this book to put life in perspective
Slidell GiGi
I thought this was a great book, I read it for a book club
A love story as well
Must read. Life changing
Such a beautiful and moving story
Great read!
A great read. Both my daughter and I stayed up ...
Touching.
I loved this book thought the story was well planned and ...
Captivating
Exceptional
Definitely a book to recommend. Will be reading more books by this great ...
Really enjoyed the book
Not my favorite writing style
Wonderful novel
Excellent book but very sad
A moving story of life in France during the German ...
While not always historically accurate. It's a well written ...
great read!
I love WWII and this book gave me an insight into ...
Fantastic read
Loves this book!!
Painfully beautiful.
Very good book
Loved it from start to finish. I have read a number of historical fiction books relating to WWII but this one in particular was
I thought it was a wonderful book!
Gripping storyline and very well written. I found it ...
Amazing!
Marvelous
So many untold stories
One of the better books I have read lately
Must read
Great book!
Just read it
History lesson  in passion.
one of the best works of historical fiction I've read dealing with the Holocaust
Excellent and intense read
Loved
Wonderful, wonderful story!
I really enjoyed this story of two sisters who take different roads ...
Great book! Concise plot that keeps your attention
Favorite book of 2015!
I was sort of sad to see it end
Wow!
Review
No words will do this book justice.  Superb.
This is a very well written novel at the time ...
Must read and never forget!
Beautiful written
Couldn't put it down...
Wow.
One Of The Best Novels I Have Ever Read
Wonderful historical fiction
The French survive the Nazi occupation
I found the book to be very moving. It ...
Best WWII historical fiction book written!
beautifully written. Highly recommended
Wonderfully woven tale
An amazing book!
A wonderful read!
This is a beautifully written novel that enlightens
Compelling story of wartime and enduring love
Amazing read!
Profound
I was there!
I thought it was a wonderful book. Gave me insight on how the people ...
The Nightingale
Great book
Nightengale
read to the end
OK but have read better!
Excellent story. Loved the characters
Excellent
As a reader of Christian faith this story was heart ...
Excellent read!
Great story depicting life in France during WWII.
Fabulous!
entertaining story!
Resistance , survival and healing
amazing and emotional book
heart reaching but powerful and so worth reading
Nice to have a women heroine
Don't Miss This One
great read
Ms. Hannah, Thank you
Great story.
The most amazing story and struggle and love
Excellent engaging read
Completely engaging.
Unforgettable !!
Great read!
Very well written and even though it's written as fiction ...
Hauntingly Captivating
The nightingale
Best book in 20 years
Excellent and riveting
Enthralling
Amazing depiction of heroism, determination and perseverance.
Very moving description of wartime France and the cruelties that ...
The Nightingale
Writing is superb. Details and description puts you right ...
Truly loved this book
Nightingale by Hannnah
Great Read
Brilliant.
I could not put it down.
I can't begin to say all the reasons I loved this book
couldn't put this well written novel down
At first I didn't think I would like it. But after I got pass the scene ...
Grabs you from the beginning.
One of the best books I have ever read!
Intriguing story
she is excellent, this is the BEST novel I've read in ...
Heartwarming and Heartbreaking
The Nightingale
I cried when it ended.
I couldn't put this one down.
LOVE......
I needed a good book to relax on vacation and this did the ...
Wonderful and heartbreaking
Kept engaged to the very end!
Exceleent!
I really enjoyed this book
Such a moving tale.
Horrifying but Wonderful
Amazing!
WW II Romance & Heroism. Must-Read!
This is the best Kristin Hannah book so far
Extraordinarily poignant
they were heroes
I relish stories about WWI and WW2. The is ...
I wasn't expecting the extremely serious subject matter, but ...
Very good
Wonderful read. Even more insight as to how many ...
Beautiful,sad & emotional
Powerful characters, history, story all roiled in to one.
One Star
Incredible...one of the best books I've read in years
A page turner, the characters draw you into their ...
Everyone should read this book if for no other reason ...
One of the best I've read in a long time
I enjoyed the story but it was very over priced
Distressing but thought provoking story
outstanding
Great!
The Nightingale was one of the best books I've read in a long time
Must read!
An amazing story, amazing read
... the Germans and Poles in WW11 in a heartwarming love
One day at a time
Riveting read!
A very nice surprise since it was recommended by you based on ...
Turns out to be a page-turner!
Wonderful!
Such a horrible time to have endured
Great book!
Nazi Invasion of France/Two Brave Sisters
Fascinating to learn about what it was like to live as an "ordinary" citizen in occupied France ...
Loved this book!
True to life novel worth the read.
A must read
I think the story is riveting. Anyone who is ...
What a great read!
Heart rending well crafted war saga.
Wonderful story. A triumph over evil. The lessons to be learned are never give up and Do what is necessary to survive
Great novel, touching story of sisters during World War ...
Very good I've told all my reading buddies to read it
Amazing
amazing!
Must read
Read this one!
What an amazing author!
Beautiful read
Great story!!
Fantastic!!!
Terrific Read
great book!
A true gift for those that love a good story
Beautiful and brutal engaging historical novel.
Very great book. A lot of historical information about life ...
A fantastic war story
best book I've read in ages
Incredibly we written
One of the best books I have read in a long time
She is one of my favorite writers. I thoroughly enjoyed the book and plan ...
Good read.
Love WWII Tearjerkers?
What a fantastic book. It takes you through the gamut of ...
I thoroughly enjoyed this Kristin Hannah book
loved it
Winner
It's only a list...
Wonderful historical novel
Wow, I am crying finishing this book...very well written and so sad, but this happened
Excellent
Great story
Very engaging read!
What a gifted writer Kristen Hannah is! Having read ...
Simple
Achingly beautiful
Fascinating Book
I dldn't finish it even though it was good in parts and highly recommended
Wow
Absolutely close to the top of my favorite list of books I have read
Great
Best book I have read in a long time
Great Read!
Excellent Read
LOVED IT!!!
Absolutely fantastic!! I couldn't put it down!!
Hope it becomes a movie!
a very good book! A reminder of how bad war is
Wow......just read it, wow.
Love it
Amazing book
Never Trust the Nazi in your House
Phenomenal
Excellent
Great story well done
Thank you Kristin.
hopefulness and love. It is a must read
love, love, love
Loved this book
Powerful
wonderful
Great story that at times is disturbing but true and ...
Wonderful
loved how she weaved a beautiful story around history
Kristin Hannah continues to write with great detail to relationships
Wonderful
HUGE fan of Kristin Hannah and this book did not ...
Really enjoyed the book and was bummed when I was finished ...
Another jewel from Kristin Hannah.
One of the best historical novels I have ever read
Absolutely wonderful book
This is definitely one of the best books I've read in a long time
amazing epic tale of love found and love lost during WWII
Excellent
Amazing
Captivating
Wonderful
This was one of the best books I have read
I really liked this book
Compelling!
Like most Kristin Hannah books it was an excellent read
Heartwrenching But Wonderful Book
Good but hard
Fantastic Read!
One of the best books I've read in a long time
Emotionally gripping story
One of the best books I have read in a very long time
A wonderful story of adventure, hate, but most of all love.
It was fantastic! it kept me engrossed the entire time and ...
A Stretch
sad and beautiful story
Quite simply one of the best books I have ever read
I thought this book was excellent. It really gave you an idea of what ...
Truly good
Great Great Book
Uncomfortable reminder of the atrocities mankind can stoop to and ...
I enjoyed this book very much despite the fact that at ...
Wonderful, intriguing read!
A great read to follow All the Light We Cannot See
Slow getting started.
An amazing book!!!
Excellent read.
Best book ever
Wow!!
This is an excellent book. The Uthor is able to weave a ...
Sisters Survive WWII
#breathless
Fabulous and heartbreaking
A book that was hard to put down.
I absolutely loved this book
For those who were not yet born during World War ...
one of the best books i have ever read
Compelling read
Beautiful story about an ugly time in history
Holocaust History
Her best one yet!
A Great read
Outstanding
Sad book but well worth reading
sad, with some happiness
This is a good book. It was probably one of the most ...
Cruelty and Sadness
Since I went thrue 2nd. World War I could ...
culminating in heroic love beyond all
Loved it.
Great storyline
An excellent page turner with a compelling story about the awful ...
Excellen
Well written history from an angle that encompasses Paris and the  consequences of WWII. I felt I knew these people.
Thought this was a brilliant book about the courage of civilians in the Resistance ...
Touching story to remind us of the sacrifices people made during World War II.
Should the title have been "Two Nightingales"?
LOVED it! Fast read and very engaging
Amazing
Beautiful
Wonderful Book
Stunning
Wonderful Book
Wonderful!
Nightingale was a beautifully written book
Excellent read!
five s
Loved it!
Great book you can wait to read the next page ...
I loved it!
The Nightingale was great. I couldn't put my kindle down
awesome book. Our book club not only enjoyed the ...
Story about two sisters ..
Incredible !!!
Kristen Hannah's best yet
The Nightingale
Very Good Read
Very Good Read
Wow
I loved reading this
fabulous
Wonderfully moving story about WWII from a female perspective
Excellent, historic novel
This book is not fun to read because of the subject matter
beautifully sung
Compelling
Awesome
Heartbreaking and amazing.....
well done
Gripping story of love, loss and survival
Best book I've read in a long time
... the 2nd World War is the setting for this beautiful story of love and forgiveness
A little slow in the beginning but unable to put ...
Three Stars
Amazing
Wonderful and mesmerizing
A Must Read
I loved this book
Powerful story and well written. Difficult to read as ...
Women in war time. Inspiration, tragedy, courage.
great insight into some of the things people in France ...
This was such an amazing book. It really gave a vivid picture of ...
Great read. Even though it's fiction the story is ...
Nightingale
Perfect!
Great Read!
Good read
Wonderful story about residence and courage of people occupied by ...
Beautiful...
Looking for something after "All the Light We Cannot See"
The Nightingale
Lovely historical fiction - a great read!
This book was excellent! Couldn't put it down
New favorite book!!!
Great story and characters
I really like this author
Wonderful story
A great read
An amazing read
The very best book I have read in years!!
Excellent and captivating
Remarkable,
Try it...you'll really like it:)
Excellent book
Amazing
Absolutely enjoyed this book
A great celebratory read as we commemorate the end of WWll
The Nightingale
What wonderful book. I ordered the hard copy as a ...
Great read. Couldn't put it down
A well-written historical piece of fiction, The Nightingale has ...
The Nightingale
great read
Gripping!
Great story
Great read, Sad history
Worthy Read
Worthy Read
Terrific!
Excellent historical fiction. Well written. Excellent characterization and fast moving plot. le
Loved this book
love never dies
shockingly beautiful
Great read. Really felt the suffering of the French ...
Good book
Loved this novel
Beautiful story
A good read.
Great read!
One of a kind
Very touching!
Highly recommended
This novel was worth reading and one that I could hardly put down.
Great work
This time period in history is my favorite. The characters had such courage and loyalty for ...
Best book I've read all summer!
Wow
Great book, it is so amazing to read about ...
Absolutely engaging from beginning to end.
Kristin Hannah has done it again!
Wonderful story
Five Stars
An Eyeopening Read
Interesting History
Best book for the summer
I highly recommend it!
Amazing
A great read about the French resistance
An extraordinary read
Cried and cried!
Highly recommend!
Excellent, well-written story
Amazing
Great read
Fantastic
I highly recommend this book if you can handle the tragedy that ...
A well written historical novel depicting the horrible atrocities of WWII in occupied France depicting two sisters ...
Great book
Great
Terrific
Thank you for not letting us forget the sacrifice made.
Love it!
i couldn't stop reading!  Excellent!  I felt every emotion and every heartbreak of the war and what it must have been like for t
her best book thus far
Great story with history to never be forgotten
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Great read
Great Read
An Excellent Read
Really enjoyed this book
Must Read!
A great read!!
Brilliant and moving
Didn't move me
Great read!
A must read!
Loved the way this story was told
I highly recommend this
Wonderful read!
One of the most touching books I've read
I loved this book
Love survives all.
Great book. Historically interesting
Amazing read!
Astoundingly deep, personal and captivating
Must read this summer!
tear jerker
exellent
Love, loss and incredible courage
I loved this book
very moving story. made me understand what people in ...
Great moving book.
It is a good read.
A Book Worth Your Time
must read
Absolutely wonderful
An eye opener
Yes I loved the book
outstanding
Excellent book. I couldn't put it down
Wonderful story of 2 sisters who endured through the terror
Touching
Highly recommended
incredible
Amazing!
Read read read and read again
This is her very best book. I loved the story
I totally loved this book
A Inspiring book
A story of survival and grit!
I would highly recommend this book
A book so good that you could read over and over again
The Nightengale
Excellent read.
Deeply moving.
very powerful and moving story
Loved it.
All 10 members enjoyed it immensely
Great story and storyteller.
Breathtaking!
I really enjoyed learning about the French resistance during WWII
Outstanding Novel
Another hit for Hannah!
Wonderful, tearjerker!
Excellent, excellent book. Good to the last page.
Moving
Riveting
I loved It
Unforgettable
Excellent story! Highly recommend to everyone
I love the relationship between two sisters and how they took ...
Gripping
Loved this book
Still crying!
Fantastic book!
None
The nightingale
Amazing
Highly recommend
Great book!
Couldn't put this one down!
The Nightingale
Riveting
The Nightingale sings.
... books I've ever read - Kristin Hannah is truly amazing and each new book just gets better than the ...
Best book I've read in years
Another amazing book ...
wow.  a great read.  get out your tissues
A must read!!!
great reading!
her best book to date
Fantastic book
love in the confusion of war
Thought provoking and heartbreaking. Took on vacation and kept ...
Good writing- good description of the events in the occupation ...
The Nightingale
wonderful book
FANTASTIC!
A story of quiet bravery and incredible risks
Powerful story
Loved this book.
Suspenseful
I really enjoyed this book
Great Read!
The Nightingale - highly recommend.
disappointment
Loved this book!
Captivating!
Absolutely Amazing
what a great storyteller. A beautiful and compelling story
Excellent. Christine Hannah out did all her other books ...
One of the best books that I have read in a long
Beautiful story. Informative touching and well written
Fantastic book!
Great book!
I loved the story
Loved this book
The characters made me care about history!
WWII as never heard before.  Couldn't put the book down.
Powerful!
Wonderful account of a terrible time in France and the ...
Incredible journey!!!
Couldn't put it down!
World War II, France and it's People brilliantly written portraying passion and intrigue
Best Read
Deserves 5 stars
Up all night.
One of the best books I read in years
Wonderful book
Very good story. Liked her Firefly Lane years ago about ...
This is the best book I have read in years
Kristin Hannah never disappoints
Kristin Hannah has done an awesome job reminding us of how bad it was when ...
Amazing, Mesmerizing
Fantastic read
Lovely
Very interesting
loved it
A great read about a truly horrific time in human history
So good..
GREAT BOOK in every way
If you like historically based fiction, this is for you., but hold on to your emotions!
Learned so much about the women who sacrificed all in ...
Great read!
This was a good story but a bit unrealistic in places
compelling
I loved this book.
I've read hundred of books about WWII and the Holocaust ...
SPELLBINDING
I remember when
A haunting historical novel concerning the German occupation of France ...
I would recommend to anyone who is interested in finding out more ...
Best WW2 novel I have read in a long time ...
A Good Read!
great read
Superb and brilliant
outstanding
A must read regarding fighting evil.
very real , loved it
Great book! Held my interest from beginning to end
I loved this books
Five Stars
More stories of courageous woman should be told
Excellent
Captivating Story
... and it stays with you for some time Highly recommended
Wonderful!
Just a wonderful breath taking book
Great book! Second book I have read on WW ...
I thought the book was wonderful. I loved the characters
Great insight as to what women contributed to the resistance ...
totally worth reading!
This is one of the best books I've read in many years
A must read insight into a dark time in World history
Enjoyed this! wished it didn't end.
It is a great book thus far and really holds your interest
Fabulous story!
Awareness
Loved the Nightingale!
The Nightingale
#family#outsmarts#nazi
Great book!!
If you Love a story about Strong Women....
Fabulous read! ~~ Well-researched, a bit graphic and ...
I Loved The Book
This is my first five-star
A beautiful story of strong heroic women
amazing story of survival!!
... slow but once it gets going it is a great read. You really feel for the characters and ...
Best book I've read in a long time.
The Nightingale
Was a good story I usually can see what's coming but with ...
This the BEST book I have read in years
Five Stars
A wonderful read....
Spellbinding.
Hard to Put Down
Wonderful
Wonderful Story
Story of love and war
wonderful story.
Emotional story, worth reading
Amazing Read
Excellent
Beautifully written story of courage and strength.
Very good book
The Nightingale, a World War II French Story of Survival
Love amidst the pain and suffering
Poignant
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Absolutely loved this book
Really enjoyed this book
Such a great story. I loved the characters
Loved this book
Could not put it down
You will be unable to put this book down. And you will remember it long after the last page is read.
Amazing story. I couldn't put it down and fell ...
Loved it
What a wonderful book! It touches the soul
Amazing book!
A great read.
Great book!
Reviting
I really loved this book
Great!!
Ww11 and French occupation
Storytelling at it's absolute finest! A fictional tale based on actual events
Amazing read!
What remains is love
I thoroughly enjoyed the book and could not put it down until ...
The Nightingale
You visualize every word. Love it.
Couldn't put it down
Gripping
Must read!
so many emotions!!!
I know this is a best seller, but it could have used some editing
Loved it
Beautiful novel
This book haunted me... I could not ...
Tearful
Enjoyed every moment, even the painful.
Amazing!
A must read
Good historical novel
Best read in a long time
I could not put it down. It was well ...
Excellent book, extremely well written.
I really loved it. It was good to read after the ...
Kristan is one of my favorite writers.
Great story
heartwarming story of war and love
A fantastic book
Best Book I've Ever Had The Pleasure of Reading
A wonderfully told story about occupied France in WW 2
Amazing
Get ready to be mesmerized
Really good. Really makes you understand how war makes people ...
Worth the time!
Enjoyed this book very much
Don't miss readiing this book
Never disappointed in a Kristin Hannah story. Thanks for the joy
beautiful story
Great Read
Three Stars
Five Stars
So moving
It's fiction, but it made me think about the ...
Excellent!
A good read
Great Book
A page-turner that made me cry!
nicely written - held my attention and I felt I ...
One of the best books I have every read
The story is wonderful. I really didn't like the writing style but ...
D
fabulous book, had difficulty putting it down.
WOW!
Beautiful. Heartbreaking
Another great read from Kristin Hannah
Great and powerful book!
New favorite book
Great read.
Loved all the characters and seeing a picture of the ...
Touching
Endearing
Really enjoyed this book
A beautifully written story of two sisters during WW1
Great read if you like France and WWII
Worth the read
Amazing
best book iv read in many years and i read ...
Enjoyed the interaction between the sisters
I loved the development of Vianne and Isabelle
Welltold tale
Beautiful book
Heartbreaking
Love!
It was sad, but hopeful and inspiring. Those were some tough women!
Heroines of WW2
This book was amazing. I could not put it down
women of the WWII Resistance
Many of my friends absolutely loved this book
Beautifully written story of two sisters and the paths they ...
I very much enjoyed reading this book
heart touching
you must read this book!
I enjoyed the way Kristin described the french countryside and what ...
A story about a horrific time in history beautifully written by Kristin Hannah
Wow!!!
A story to make you cry
Nightengale
A really great read!
Excellent Read
Excellent book
A historic winner
A story of uncommon courage
Amazing
Didn't want to quit reading this book. It perked ...
Wonderfully written about the two sisters who helped save many ...
Fantastic trip in time
Beautifully written, haunting story
The Nightingale
Wonderful
Amazing story
great book. well written and kept me engaged all ...
How many
Excellent!
A quiet, face paced thriller
The book was difficult to put down. It introduces ...
Captivating
This is a great book I couldn't put it down and was sad ...
Wow!
Terrific - it really held my attention
Sad, but gripping and I hated to put it ...
heartbreakingly wonderful
Fantastic
this is certainly one of her best! I can't wait for her next book
Wow
This was an amazing story of Nazi occupied France up close and personal ...
What a great book. Loved it from the first page
very enlightening, heart wrenching, and sad.
Great historical novel
AWESOME
wonderful
If Yoy Enjoy Good Historical Fiction, Read This!
Excellent
Absolutely Amazing!
Fabulous
Touched my heart.  Felt like I was living the story too.
The book was wonderful - it was clearly written and held my interest ...
Not your typical WWII novel...
Great Book! Cried my eyes out the last 2 ...
Excellent writing and skillful plotting
I would highly recommend it.
Loved seeing the war in France from the view of ...
Best book
Loved this book
The Nightingale.  A cry book at the last 15 pages.  Phenomenal.
Highly recommend this novel
Amazing story based on facts
Fabulous read
A page turner
Powerful novel
Great writing.
Wonderful!
Such a great well written story
Enraptured
Don't waste your time
Beautiful story that leaves you in a haze for awhile
Great read.
A great read!
An amazing book.
By far one of her best books. Please convey to her personally if you ...
Lisa Herman
Another Great book by Kristin Hannah
Loved it!
Excellent'
Amazing
Fabulous!
Interesting historic info. Story somewhat shallow with regard to ...
I could not put this book down and neither could ...
A classic book that makes the reader feel they are intimately involved in the book!
Wonderful novel Could not put it down loved every minute makes you appreciate your blessings
A wonderful read.
Beautiful
Everyone in our book club loved it!
Compelling
A wonderful story about  French people during the second World War.
Describing ordinary people and the determination and sacrifices they make in wartime is a fact and reality all young people shou
Couldn't put this book down!
Read better Read worse
Don't miss this book!
Excellent!
An excellent book! I couldn't put it down.
Excellent read for war time book seekers
Wow
I enjoy novels with the WWII period as the subject and ...
Not one of her better books.
good book
An excellent author, she has clearly done her best writing ...
Great read
Quite a good read
Phenomenal!
A Truly Moving Story
Amazing
Loved this book
this is the best book i have read in quite some time
Fabulous
Great read from historical perspective and the lives of the ...
Best read of 2015
Unforgettable story, beautifully presented
Wonderful Read!
Love it!
I loved this book
Great read
beautifully written and developed
Another interesting WWII story.
Very Touching
Five Stars
Sad that it is based on true events
A must read for all Kristin Hannah fans
I really enjoy these stories I nursed a French lady years ago ...
Read this book to find out who the real Nightingale ...
great book
Loved this narrative
Good WWII story you havent read before.
A great read
Although painful to read this story
Great book!
Wow!
Loved this book even tho the subject matter was hard ...
As always a beautiful story
Couldn't put it down.
5 stars!
Wow...easy great read
Triumph of the Human Spirit
A must read!
A Courageous Woman's Story
Excellent book
Amazing
Loved this book
Sisters in wartime..
Excellent quick read
I thought this book was great! Recommended it to several friends
Such a reading treat!
Excellent read
A must read!
Excellent read about German occupied Grance during WWII
Excellent story for those of us interested in WW II ...
Beautiful story
Wonderful book
fabulous
Wonderful
Excellent
I thought this book was wonderful. I think it will be the 2015 book ...
excellent book, had a hard time putting it down
This book was outstanding in every respect!
A brilliant read. I am looking to read more books ...
beautiful story!!
For my mom
Four Stars
An heroic drama set during Nazi occupied France
Great Book
Five Stars
I enjoy the feeling I get when I just can't put ...
Great Book!
Inspiring
Keeps your attention!
A great view of WWII from the perspective of noncombatants
Be ready for a good cry
One of the best books I've read about WWII
Triumphs and trials of women during WW2
excellent!
I enjoyed this book because I love reading about world war2 ...
Amazing.  Could not put the book down!
Superb
Fantastic book!! A war story and a beautiful story about how powerful love is
... usually do not review books but Nightingale was the best book I have read in a long time
This is one of the best books if not the  book I ever read.
Liking It
Women and war
This book was hard to put down and, at ...
Great story!!
A book like that is sometimes difficult to read but we need ...
What a lovely book
I felt like I was there with them
Best book ever
Eye opener to how things were for women in France ...
Phenomenal!!!!
Inspired
A happy ending which is always a positive
to read in this book but it was very well written and I am glad I read it
excellent read
Good book
Excellent
Very good
Five Stars
The best book I have read in a very long time!
Great read, heart wrenching but sheds light on life ...
It was a wonderful book.
Portland Oregon reader
One of those books that stay with you long after ...
Great read!
Interesting, loving and memorae
Five Stars
I will write a review when I can see through my tears!
Strength,  Faith, Hope help us endure.
Don't miss this read!
Great read
Excellent!!
AWESOME as always!
Captivating Perspective
I loved this book and highly recommend
I enjoyed reading this book tremendously
Awesome
wonderful
She is an amazing writer. This book shows you what the Nazi's ...
Don't miss reading this book!!
Wonderful book could not put it down except when absolutely ...
Fantastic story
wicfair
Movie, please!
This book is absolutely awesome. I think it is one of Kristin Hannah's ...
Relevant to today. We need to learn from Isabelle
Loved it.
loved it
Amazing story
Awesome
Amazing
Great read and hard to put down
This is a must read.
A very thorough portrait of World War II France. ...
An intriguing story
A must read!
I enjoyed this read
Don't miss this one!  Captivating, moving, and educational.
3 Kleenex ending....
Everyone is talking about this book. I was sobbing ...
Nightingale
Thought provoking read.
Excellent!!
Awesome.
Great read
Lovely book a must read
Horrifically beautiful.
Loved this story!!
Excellent book club selection!
The Nightingale
Unbelievable
Excellent! Made me feel as if I was there ...
Wow!
Loved it
Very Good Book
Mesmerizing
Great historical fiction. This is a great read.
Could not put it down
Love the history and this story during wartime
This was one of the best books I've read in a long time
Not as good as some of her other books
An exciting novel over all. However, the first ...
true heroism
This was very well written held your attention to the ...
A Keeper!
Exciting
Moving and beautiful
This has to be one of the most incredible books ...
Applause.
Great book but sad
A must read!
This was one of the best books I have read in a long time
AN INCREDIBLE READ
Amazing!
But nearly all the Germans are bad and all the French are good
A suspensful book filled with love
Five Stars
Highly recommend!
Loved it!
My mother lived through WWII in France, she never ...
Best book!!
Reading this book was like watching a movie
I don't know when I have enjoyed a book as much
Fantastic read!
This was a very good book. Much better than I thought it would ...
A beautifully written book
Great book about a difficult time
Hauntingly sad, beautifully written
Moving and inspiring
Riveting.
wonderful book - very well written - would recommend to ...
Excellent
But I loved it so much
incredible and heartfelt
Wonderful
Powerful
WW II from the French Perspective
it was my favorite reading this year and I may read it again
One of the best books I've read this year
Loved the way she turned a but if history into ...
Nightingale
Was born in 1934 and when I read how others ...
This is a beautifully written book of the hardships faced by everyone during ...
Great!
courage and tenacity
Great book - one can feell the various locations just ...
starts slowly
This by far is the best one yet
Poignant narrative, timeless story
Best read in awhile!
Two Sisters in WWII in France
A strong read
The nightingale
An amazing and captivating story
Beautifully done
Mesmerizing
Riveting and Profoundly Moving
WWII from a female perspective
great book!
The BEST book I have read in a very long time
Good Read!
A wonderful story od bravery and scaferice
marvelous
Gripping historical drama
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
I loved reading this book
This is by far one of the best books I have ever read
One of the best books I've read in a long time
Five Stars
so enjoyable sympathetic believable
So amazing
Brilliant!
Five Stars
May be the best book I've ever read
You won't be disappointed!
A moving war story that takes place in Paris and a small village in France
Decent book, the language was a little flowery for ...
WW2 French occupation
Great read!
HOPE IT'S MADE INTO A MOVIE!!
Spectacular read
Couldn't put this compelling WWII story down! The characters ...
Outstanding fiction about two sisters and their responses to the ...
One of the best books I've ever read
Great
Started a little slow but very good and informative of the German occupation in France and ...
Heartwrenchingly emotional
Great great read!
Loved this book
Love every one of them
Five Stars
Amazing novel
The nightingale
A superb read.
It was riveting and compelling and a wonderful read! I highly recommend it
A great read
Great story about how a family suffered through the Nazi ...
Not an unfamiliar story
Riveting
Nightingale relives WWII
Excellent read. Beautiful storyline
I love historical fiction and this did not disappoint
Great book!
Slow start
Excellent excellent! Stirs the deepest part of the soul ...
Nigghtingale
Great!
Could not put this book down. So hard to ...
One of her best! Enjoyed from first page to last
I highly recommend this book
fantastic book
A very sad story that held my interest all the way through ...
A wonderful, inspiring story on love and perseverance
My friends are your friends.
The Resistance and two sisters during WWII
This was an excellent book. We need to think how many people suffered and gave their lives for us.
I highly recommend this book!
World War II historical fiction.
Wonderful book
Amazing
Just a great Kristin Hanna book.
Heart breakingly Beautiful
Amazing and a must read!
Great read!!
winner
Loved it
Excellent.
Great book, felt as if I were part of ...
What's beautiful story.
Good book for the beach
One of the best reads of the summer
Great book!
Phenomenal author
great book
I happen to like historical novels
One of the best!
Excellent story, excellent writing
A must read!
Nightingale
The book was very well written and it was easy the settings and the characters
Riveread it twiceting. read
Excellent read - couldn't put it down
Wonderful Book
Best book I've read this year.
Amazing!
Riveting, beautifully written WW11 book
loved loved this book we think we have hardships but ...
Very well-written and a very good read.
So wonderful!
Beautifully written!
Nightingale
Best Kristin Hannah book yet!
This was a great read full of insightful portrayals of both the heroes ...
Excellent.
Two sisters in Occupied France facing off with Nazis
Okay
Great story
Amazing
Five Stars
but it's easy to read it as nonfiction
A view of the French resistance from inside one family ...
Very intense, I couldn't put this one down. ...
Wow
inspiring!
amazing. could not put it down
The Nightingale
so good!!
I love her books and this one was great
Moving and thought provoking.
I really enjoyed reading this novel and would recommend it to anyone ...
Terrific Read
best book yet...
This was an outstanding book. I couldn't put it ...
Five Stars
PAGE TURNER
Wonderful read but oh so depressing
Excellent
Brings home the sacrifices of WWII in a way that makes you ache
Get this. Right now!
Loved it! I'm a sucker for historical fiction of ...
A Very Good Book
Good book, great story!
I couldn't put this book down
The best thing I've read in a very long time
Good story with great characters
Excellently written.  I couldn't put it down. Sad in some ways but a touching story of family relationships  and the courage one
I could not stop reading this book. Very well ...
It's a great summer read.
Riveting!
Amazing Read
Outstanding
A brave family journey
I've recommended it to family and friends and have begun binge ...
very good read
If you need a good cry read this book.
Excellent read. Gives a different perspective of WWII from ...
A must read
Awesome Book
This book was hard to put down. It was ...
A great read.
wonderful read
brilliantly written.
Interesting book
touching
A Great WWII Novel
I loved this book
The tears will flow.
The Nightingale so amazingly named
LOVED IT!
One of her best!
Good women's fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful, capturing book!
Absolutely riveting
Love, History, Adventure, Family
Lovely written book
This was one of my favorite reads but it made me so sad to remember ...
What a wonderful read - smiles
Another good book by Kristin!
Five Stars
Top ten reads for me, loved it
I really loved this book
I thought that overall it was a very good book. The audio version kept me entertained during ...
Five Stars
beautiful, haunting, wonderful story.
Could not put it down--one of the best books I've read
Profoundly moving story. I usually only cry at movies ...
I enjoyed the book very much
many tears shed -overall excellent writing!
Amazing
The best.
What a book!
This book is well written, a page turner and ...
Always Remember
Amazing
Well written and easy read. It's a bit dark (considering the time ...
One of the Best Books I've Read This Year
Outstanding
Incredible
Fabulous book.... so well written. ...
Best book I have read in a very long time
That was among one of my favorite of Kristin Hannah if not my favorite
The Nightingale
What a great story!
Nightingale
The horrors perpetuated by Nazi Germany in World War II ...
I recommend this book
Fantastic story
Loved It!!!
I loved this book
A beautiful written story that made me read way into the night.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical fic
FANTASTIC!!!
Too many stereotypes.
The Nightingale is a great read. I love a book you cannot put ...
Heartbreakingly beautiful
Haunting story of WWII in France.
At first I was disappointed that this was another wartime novel
Good read
Good read!!
Good book
Great book
Wonderful story.
Very good book!
I couldn't put it down!
Very good book and I highly recommend it
So beautiful. But definitely an ugly-cry read
Read it.
Wonderful story.
Five Stars
Worthy Read
I loved this book!
Five Stars
A Must Read!
Fabulous book
Heart wrenching
all wonderful but this one I will never forget
Amazing
Awesome book with a gripping appeal
FABULOUS
hannah's best effort
I thought it was a great read. One of those stories you hate to ...
The novel is an excellent capture of what it must have been like living ...
awesome
Five Stars
Great book
Loved this book
Excellent read. My interest in the World Wars was ...
Compelling
A beautiful, well-written novel
Great book
Heartache,happiness,joy and victory
Excellent!!!
Captured me from the very beginning and the ending was ...
Great book!
WWII from yet another perspective
I loved the book
Revisiting atrocities against humans with an engagingly appealing & intriguing story
A must read
Captivating!
This was a wonderful book, stayed up all night to finish it
Really enjoyed this book
Five Stars
It made me cry.....it is so true and it personalized the  people who lived through that horrible time..
Interesting
Awesome book! A great story how 2 sisters take ...
Five Stars
Awesome!
disappointing for a "best seller"
What a fantastic book!
Beautiful and Uplifting
Well done!
The best one this year
Five Stars
Great book! I didn't want to go to sleep ...
Excellent
nightingale
Telling all my reader-friends to read it.
TRUE BUT LEAVES YOU FRUSTRATED THAT HUMANS CAN BE SO HORRIBLE. MAN'S INHUMANITY TO MAN
Five Stars
So good...
amazing!
The nightingale
wow
A must read
I couldn't put it down!
Five Stars
Excellent work!
Amazing!
Loved this book
A story to remember
I really enjoyed it. Gripping
Great Book
This is a beautiful story and a very well written one
Worth your time
Novel about living the WWII in France.
Loved this book and highly recommend it!
A Must Read!
A very powerful story! The two strong main characters ...
It was a very good story and gives the reader a lot of insight ...
Captivating
wow
Did not want it to end.
One of my favorite books. I cannot believe how horrible the Nazi ...
Love Kristin Hannah
Excellent!! Could not put it down!
best book I've read in years.
Excellent read
beautifully written, so that I was living through these ...
It was informative and well written and I enjoyed it.
An amazing tale of survival.
Good Read
Amazing
Loved the story - haven't had the time to read ...
Amazing!!
Wonderful Read!
Loved this book
Hard to put down
Unbelievably heart rendering.
Wow!
I love the book that Kristen Hannah has written
A truly heart wrenching story that will remain burned into the readers memory long after the last page.
A deeply touching and beautifully told story of family
Excellent story teller of the strength and courage of two ...
Four Stars
Excellent read
Loved it! Makes you realize what people went through ...
Outstanding Book!
The nightingale
This was a perfect combination and I didn't want this book to end
Beautiful story.
read this at once.
this one was well done and I highly recommend it. An engaging tale
Wonderful book!
It is refreshing to read about the war events from ...
Good read
The Nightingale
awesome!
excellent
Unbelievably good. This is one of the best books I've ...
Five Stars
Good read.
Good book
Amazing
Five Stars
The Nightingale
Just wonderful!
Must Read!
Great read!
Heartbreaking but this is the type of story that puts ...
Amazing
The Nightingale
Good Historical Fiction
Bold & Fragile
I loved it so much that I bought two additional copies ...
Very well written. The characters came to life and ...
The best book ever!!!
Terrific read!
Awesome the side of French women during the war.
A really good book---Very dark in places
Loved this book
Puts a face on real historical events and those who ...
Excellent historical fiction
Great novel
couldn't put it down!!!
Loved it!
a bit slow at first but the story develops well ...
Loved it!!
Awesome story
Memories are everything worth living for
I enjoyed this book
The Nightingale is a very powerful book
It was very good, very sad but worth the read
Good read
A Must Read
this is a vastly better book.
A beautiful story of family
What a great read!
read this
Wounds heal.
I couldn't put the book down. Not just men ...
The story was very moving emotionally and the history of ...
WOW, truly an amazing read
Very good book. It held your interest all the way ...
Fantastic book! Would highly recommend
Five Stars
I enjoyed the read very much
Don't miss this book by a very special author
Another wonderful book by Kristin Hannah
outstanding!
An emotional read
Amazing.
Five Stars
Best Book Ever
Loved this book..
Excellent read
Amazing
Family at war
A triumph.
Excellent portrait of the things that happen during War
Five Stars
Heroic women in world war11
Loved it!
Hard to read and harder to put down
Great read!
great story! I plan to use it for my ...
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Tears remain in my eyes as I write this
Five Stars
A must read!
historical fiction as real as a memoir
I really enjoyed how the characters were developed
A different perspective
I could see this story on the big screen. ...
magical
absolutely fabulous!!!!!!
Great Reading!
Excellent read!!
This was a beautifully written story which touches all your emotions
amazingly wonderful book!
Don'T FALL FOR THE HIGH RATINGS!!!
Some pretty ugly things happened
This one got me
Great read if you like World War II literature
Excellent story. Dark enough considering the events and time ...
Heartbreaking but riveting
buy a copy NOW!!
Amazing story
Kristin Hannah Did it Again
Great story.
enjoyed the book very much
Nightengale
Excellent read
Five Stars
I loved this book
incredible
Highly recommend
Very moving
BEST BOOK THIS YEAR!
Five Stars
Loved it!!
Heart wrenching
Must read
Her best book yet!
Wonderful story. I loved the dynamic of the two ...
Amazing story.....
Great Book!!
Fast Paced Drama
excellent
A great read!
Powerful
Great read. It kept me up several nights
The Nightingale is a an excellent novel about sacrifice
Heroes
So inspiring !
excellent
Good book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful and sad
Five Stars
one of the best books I've ever read outstanding character development and foreshadowing ...
Exceptional book.
Four Stars
Great read!
An amazing story of the struggle for survival in Germany occupied ...
Amazing story. I couldn't put it down.
Outstanding read! Tragic reading events of WW2 in France ...
Very clear and suspenseful tale about WW2 and those who ...
The book was well written and made it hard to ...
Fantastic
Five Stars
One of the better books of the past year
A Story From A Different Side of WWII
This was an excellent book. Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite ...
Highly recommended
couldn't put it down
best book
Highly recommend.
wonderful book!!!
breathtaking!
I thoroughly enjoyed this fictional book that took place in a time ...
I really liked this book
Five Stars
Real Life for Many
Five Stars
Excellent read!
It was a very depressing story, but I needed ...
Amazing
Five Stars
World war II
Powerful book
Fiction but a great story about the hardships suffered by ordinary French people ...
Excellent WWII historical fiction
Learned so much about the French! I didn't want ...
Interesting characters; a different WWII book
must read
This was an exceptionally moving and engrossing narrative. I ...
must read!
I very much liked the story of the war years
Spectacular
Tragic....yet a beautiful story.
memorable, I couldn't put it down
Suffering as much or more than heroism
excellent moving story
Outstanding story perfectly constructed
Wonderfully written
A great education on the French resistance during the Nazi occupation
So far I have really enjoyed the read
Wonderful!
Excellent Read
I loved Kristin Hannah's The Nightingale.
You must read this unforgettable book.
fantastic and amazing
Loved
Five Stars
Excellent book
It is a great book that makes you feel like you are there ...
can't put it down
Captivating story
ww!
Loved it. I really enjoy historical fiction anyway
Beautifully written
The nightingale
It is so good I am reading and rereading it for the sheer ...
Enlightening and touching
An excellent book. The author is so talented
This was a very sad read and needs to be read by everyone to ...
This is such a well written book. I cried ...
Love WWII books and this one did not disappoint
Life under Nazi Germany in France
A must read.
Five Stars
I enjoyed and recommend The Nightingale
Wonderful
A great novel
Could not put it down! Amazing!
Excellentl
Such a great read! I did not want to put the ...
5 amazing stars
Full of Heart
Page Turner
Five Stars
Excellent Read!
Absolutely loved it! She does such a great job with ...
Very readable adventure
great story,mediocre writing
A Great Book!
I could not put this book down. I carried ...
Exceptional Read
positively fantastic book. Very
Good read
Perfect
It was a wonderful read, couldn't put the book down
Four Stars
You will love this book!
Highly recommend it.
Such a good book
Best book I've read in the last couple of years
Great book
Great read.
but good writing and well worth reading
Great read
Excellent story & beautifully written!
WW II story of women surviving and making a difference in the French Resistance
Loved It!!
Five Stars
Fantastic Book
Heartbreaking and heartwarming
Awesome
Engaging read!
Five Stars
The Nightingale
lots of intriguing characters
I read this because of the novel she wrote The Magic Hour which was terrific.
Five Stars
great book
Great read!
Fantastic
Five Stars
The Nightingal
Amazing
A must read
Suspense and history make this a must read!
a good read
This was a gray book. The storyline mixed with ...
Couldn't put Tim down and was sad when i finished it
A Great Read
A must read!
Loved it
Amazing!
An emotional rollercoaster.....
Five Stars
Beautiful book!
Wonderful Book!
Great read . . .
Five Stars
Romantic well written war novel.
Five Stars
Great perspective on women in France in WWII
Wow
Loved this book!
Tears of Joy and Sadness
Also easy to read as well as exciting
Five Stars
Astonishing
wonderful!
awesome book
Great read
What a writer
Five Stars
Amazing story
I didn't know much about life during the Holocaust in ...
... a wwii novel it is a reminder of how terrible life was and how we never want a wwiii
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent
Captivating
New favorite book!
Gripping
Great historical novel
Great Book
Very good. Hard to read at times
Loved it.
Four Stars
Excellent
A very good novel using gathered facts about the side of WW ...
Great picture into the lives of those in France during ...
Five Stars
Best book I've read in years.
Powerful and thought provoking
Four Stars
Great story.  Don't miss it!!
Wonderful Book
Excellent! Even though the topic is dark
Five Stars
Beautifully written, engrossing and heartbreaking
A good read. Another reminder of the atrocities of World ...
Great Read!
iI thought it was a great story but I would like to know how much ...
Great book!
Omg!!!!has to be the best book I have ever read . Has to be the most riveting story I have ever read. Thank  you so much!!!!
The Nightingale
Excellent book....couldn't put it down.
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah.
Excellent
Amazing Book! Great Story!
I loved it. Great story and some insights into history ...
Five Stars
Excellent
Inspiring excellent read
A good WWII story
Good story to the last word
highly recommend
Book written to give you a good idea what it was like to live in an ...
A truly good read!
It was excellent. Not as well written as I has hoped
I could not put it down. I read this ...
... had me going back in time and did a beautiful job of sharing the lives of two heroic women
Worthwhile and Poignant
Beautifully written. I could not put the book down
What a wonderful book! One of the best I've read in ...
What a wonderful, inspiring story of courage.
A great story
Bright, brave characters
Excellent story of life in France during World War II ...
This is a great book with a great plot
Five Stars
Love and redemption
Best book I've read in a long time
It would make a great series on PBS
beautifully written page turner
Wonderful book.
Five Stars
Well written with a good story.
Author developed the characters beautifully. Could not put it down
Good solid story
Great book from start to finish
A love story. Love for people and country that I ...
May Be Best Book of the Year
I never felt compelled to write a review before now Great read! Loved it
Good read
which was really not so good. So Sorry for misleading anyone
Great read
2nd best book I've ever read
Doped good book. I've told all my friends it is ...
Great historical novel.
The best book I have read in years!!!
Five Stars
I love Kristin Hannah books
Amazing
... huge fan of period books but this story is great because of the family dynamics and story
Kristen Hannah does it again, wow.
Riveting and compelling
Excellent book
Like going back in time
Not as good as the other Kristin Hannah books I have read
loved it!
the right stuff
Amazing read!
very good!
Five Stars
wonderful
A must read for anyone interested in pre war Germany, and the people who dealt with the burdens infectedby the Germans/ Nazi
Great read!!
One of the best books I have ever read
It was like poetry with an excellent story
Five Stars
Love the twists and turns in the story line
Five Stars
Great story
Five Stars
I'm SO glad I did
Best book I've read in a long time
Five Stars
Outstanding!
Five Stars
Great Book!
A must read!
Strong women characters which I enjoyed.
Cannot say enough good things about how well it was written
Highly recommend it.
Beautiful storytelling
Five Stars
A Must Read Could not put it down. Can ...
A must read.
A Must Read for fans of historical fiction
Five Stars
Fantastic read.
I loved this book
the nightingale
This book was excellent. At the end I was crying
A page turner
Very thought provoking
A "must-read" historical fiction book!!
Five Stars
Amazing
Amazing!
Must read
Best book I've read in years!
Great book
very good read!
This book was excellent. An interesting and heart wrenching story
Adventure, Mystery, Intrigue, Dysfunctional Family, Heartbreak...this book has it all
Great read!!
Read it!!!!!
Very good book
top notch book
Husband liked it very much and I'm looking forward to reading ...
Reunion
Great read
beautifully written.
It ended up being a really good story!
Love stories based in WWII and this was one of ...
Fabulous!
Lest we never forget!
The Nightingale Review
Hated to finish reading this book.
One of the BEST!
Five Stars
Five Stars
I really enjoyed this book
A good read. Makes you think about the world situation ...
Four Stars
Excellent Book.
although not a happy story.
Best book I've ever read
encouraging and sad.
Absolutely wonderful! I loved the author's writing and the story ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Amazing
Five Stars
Had a bit of a time getting into the book ...
Interesting read. Very depressing but certainly was an example ...
Five Stars
Read this now
fabulous
Five Stars
Five Stars
She is such an amazing author. I loved this book
Well worth you time
mostly sad, for those of us old enough to have ...
The Nightingale
Four Stars
Five Stars
loved it
An important story told with heart
Would love to see this as a movie
Five Stars
Wonderful!
This book was wonderful
A wonderful and inspiring story
If you like historical fiction or books set in France or World ...
Profound and Moving
Five Stars
Five Stars
Outstanding
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read!
Powerful yet tender.
Great read !!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
i really enjoyed it. I love historical fiction and this was ...
Five Stars
Exceptional novel of two sisters and their struggles during WWII
amazing
Four Stars
one of the best books I've ever read
This is a wonderful book! It describes a part of WWII that ...
Incredible story of human resilience
I really loved this book - had trouble to stop reading when ...
Great book
Five Stars
what a book!
Very good book to read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was so good, I didn't want it to end
The Human Side of History
Hannah's best effort yet.
Five Stars
Love, love
Four Stars
Simply amazing!
A must read for historiacal (war) fiction fans.
Phenomenal
Five Stars
Read it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
I recommend this to anyone who still likes to read about ...
Great read
Five Stars
Great read!
the nightingale
Unforgettable
This was a great read. I enjoyed this book tremendously and found ...
It was a very good book. the writing style of the author was ...
Five Stars
Compelling
Five Stars
bravo
Couldn't put it down, a hard lol at the ...
I would recommend this to anyone who likes historical fiction
captivating
Nightingale and French Resistance
Five Stars
A most amazing story of survival, historical fiction, and love
The best book I have read in a long time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read!
Never know how you will be or react in times of severe adversity.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
If you enjoy WW11 novels
Five Stars
It was a great book. But then I have never read anything ...
Marvelous read
Kristen's best ever!!!!
Recommended!
Suffering French citizens during world war 2
Five Stars
Five Stars
Mesmerizing
So moving
Five Stars
Four Stars
I love historically-based fiction
One of the best!
I loved it. Beautifully written
Good historical background and strong women
Great book!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Everyone should read
but is one of her best. She is my favorite author
Good character development
Five Stars
This is a wonderful book. I always thought of Kristen Hanna's books ...
Good story about 2 sisters during the war.
Gripping page turner
Great Read
A Masterpiece
Loved this novel
Three Stars
Five Stars
The nightingale
Great read!
Five Stars
Loved it! Impressive reading and story telling
Heartbreakingly beautiful
Five Stars
Can't stop thinking about this story!
Beautiful story
Great book! Did not anticipate the conclusion
Three Stars
Good story that gives you a prespective in life in ...
Highly recommend
This was one of the best books I have read
I read this book in 2 days. An all ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
A poignant story, how two sisters overcame difficult challenges ...
Great Read!
Three Stars
Must read
A personal fav
Five Stars
Five Stars
Did enjoy it fully
A story of redemption
MUST READ BOOOK
Five Stars
Awesome Book!
A great book.
best Kristin Hannah book since firefly road
fantastic!
Five Stars
Awesome Book
Four Stars
... to put down Exactly the kind of book I love.
Four Stars
I think The Nightengale is my favorite.
Wonderful Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fresh perspective on familiar history
Excellent read
Three Stars
A beautifully written story that had me thinking about it days ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Historical Fiction of French Occupation at it's finest
Five Stars
HAnnah hits a homer!
Fast moving
Five Stars
fabulous book
Five Stars
Five Stars
... times the book was so well written you feel like you are part of the
French resistant super women
Loved it!
Four Stars
An excellent book! I love Kristen Hannah
I thoroughly enjoyed The Nightingale
I love all of Kristin Hannah' and this is one of ...
incredible and spellbinding
Beautiful character development
Five Stars
excellent
Awesome book
Excellent book!
Not just another wartime book.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Amazing Tead
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend!!
Five Stars
A good surprise ending
I enjoyed the book immensely
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Best book I've read in years!!
The Nightingale is a great read.
Five Stars
How WWII affected a French family.
an ending that will bring tears
Five Stars
LOVED IT!
Five Stars
fantastic
Good Book! You really become invested in the story ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Could not put the book down!
Five Stars
one of the best novels I have ever read
Loved the two female main characters
Loved it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wow!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful.......
this book will touch your heart
Great hard to put down book!
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Daring and Dramatic
One person can make a difference!!
This was one of the most moving books I have ...
Page turner!
Wonderful Historical Fiction
Fantastic
Five Stars
Very good read
Review "The Nightingale"
Fast paced
Five Stars
Great book.
Five Stars
Kristin Hannah is terrific!!
This is a very good read. It keeps you interested from beginning to ...
.
Intriguing from start to finish.
I love how the story was told
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it. Such talented writing is rare
Five Stars
Five Stars
a good thought provoking read
Four Stars
scary
Loved it
Five Stars
One of the best reads ever.
Great Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Story
Four Stars
Must read
Loved this book - so much history to learn about ...
Went by too quickly.
Must rwad!
Five Stars
Recommend to all lovers of historical fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A riveting tear jerker. A true sage of human endurance and courage.
Five Stars
Touching book and compelling story
Four Stars
WW II and the occupation of France
WW II France
Couldn't wait to open the book to read the next page.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Really good! Not as good as All the Light We ...
Four Stars
Significant story
Five Stars
Terrific!
Very good book.
Another sad war story
Five Stars
A must read
Five Stars
You won't be able to put it down.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wish there were more stories like this.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
This book was amazing. Hannah's writing is some of the best I've ...
A MUST READ
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing Read
Great read!
Five Stars
excellent story. Enjoyed the historical aspect of it too
Great summer read
A touching story would recommend it for a book group read
Five Stars
Five Stars
... again ~ just when you think you read her best..
A spellbinder!
Five Stars
READ IT!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic.
Family Love
World War II and French Resistance involves young and old.
I enjoyed it very much
Must read!
Five Stars
Beautiful story of survival in WWII
Great read
Must Read
Five Stars
The story was quite good. More fiction than historical fiction but still a ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
but very sad, story about the atrocities against the Jewish people ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Read The Nightengale
One of my favorite books of all time!
Five Stars
amazing
Great Read
Couldn't put it down.
Incredible Book
Great read!
Five Stars
A great tribute to the unsung heroes
So good!
Five Stars
by Barbara
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fabulous
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great book. If you like historical fiction you will ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
read this book time we'll spent
Five Stars
THE NIGHTINGALE SINGS BEAUTIFUL NOTES - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Five Stars
Four Stars
An exceptional book
Five Stars
Loved this book
Four Stars
Very good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
5 stars and beyond for The Nightingale!
Five Stars
Beyond a love story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cherished!
Well written----had a hard time putting it down will recommend it to everybody
Five Stars
I loved this one characters had more
Very Heart Breaking!
Five Stars
It was a wonderful read and I did so enjoy this book as ...
Great story
but this definitely was one of the best books that I've ever read
I would definitely recommend.
Incredible book!
Five Stars
Difficult To put down. Completely engrossing with twists, ...
Five Stars
Great read!
The best book I have read in a long time.
Wonderful book!
The best Kristin Hannah yet!!
Great story, couldn't put it down.
The Occupation and its Hardships
Five Stars
Must read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
triumph in a terrible time in our world's
Easy fun read
Read it without stoppin to the end.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
A must read!!!
A good read
Don't miss this story, it will grab y our heart.
A True Gem
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Would highly recommend reading this to all my friends
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
The best!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great character development
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read. Difficult to put down
The Nightengale
Thank you Kristin Hannah for a wonderful book.
Five Stars
I couldn't put the book down and was sad when I got to the end
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great book!!
Four Stars
so good!
Loved all the different factions brought together as a unit
Five Stars
Excellent book!
Tragic, but great read!
it is a good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Heart wrenching!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
great book
Loved, loved
Five Stars
FANTASTIC BOOK
Great book!
Five Stars
READ IT!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
very good story
It is a wonderful story of lives during this period of time
... Hannah's books and this one is by far my favorite!
well worth the read
Well written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent Read
Five Stars
You feel like you are living during the holocost
yet another book with a weak boring ending.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Gripping!
French Resistance
Five Stars
Beautiful story
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read!
Which sister moved to USA from France?
Five Stars
The best book I have read in a long time
Enjoyed the story from beginning to end
One of the best books I've read in a long time.
Wonderful Read!
Five stars
Great book
Two determined sisters
Five Stars
Great read
5 well-deserved stars
I would highly recommend this book
This was a good book. One that sticks with you
... this book made me appreciate America and what a great country I lived in
Five Stars
An instant classic
The nightingale
Book was great! Definitely recommend reading it!
Five Stars
Outstanding read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stunning visual narrative!
A family survival of occupied France in WWII
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Mesmerizing....a capitvating trip back in time.
Wonderful book!
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Much more heavy than Hannah's usual books but thoroughly enjoyed
An easy read that holds your attention
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
A buried past story. Who is the Nightingale? ...
Five Stars
I would recommend it to all who love history about WW11
Five Stars
Heartbreaking and well written.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
People fine do the strength
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good read
A wonderful story!
Five Stars
Not up to "water for elephants" standards
Five Stars
Wnerful!!!!
So Good!!!
Very good book but very sad to realize what people went ...
Learned a great deal about France's involvement in WW2
Four Stars
Highly recommended!
Five Stars
Hannah did wonderful research.
review
Loved this book!
Four Stars
A must read.  Excellent picture of what the French  went through during WW2
Five Stars
I enjoyed it very much and have recommended it to friends
Wonderful book
Four Stars
... Kristin Hannah's books and I believe this is her best yet!
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was a great read!
Five Stars
Amazing book. You will be thinking about it long ...
Five Stars
What a great read
Beautiful story of love and strength
great read
Excellent book! Well written and very touching story
awesome book
Ng
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was a wonderful book
Good read! It had a bit of everything
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Very good read. It was interesting to read what the ...
Excellent
... choose another book to read after reading such a wonderful, story
Good character development
Five Stars
I loved the. characters and didn't want to put it
Four Stars
A Must Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
I've read all her books and this was the best. Excellent
Loved this book!
WWII from a female perspective
Loved this book!
Wonderful book! Couldn't put it down
Four Stars
Five Stars
I love love loved this book
Five Stars
Good historical fiction
One of the best book I have read.
Couldn't put it down
... have read that Kristin Hannah has written is absolutely wonderful.
The Nightengale---so worth reading!
This is a very good book. I haven't read anything as good since ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was a difficult read but so well done I sobbed my way through!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved The Nightengale
Well written Couldn't put it down,
Must Read
Five Stars
This book is fantastic!! One of the best historically based books ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing book. My book club thought it was the ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it!
Great story, well written
Inspiring
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Women and their part in WW11
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sad Story
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
... - can be a real tear jerker but a good book.
Five Stars
A must-read for all bookclubs out there.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I needed to take a break while reading the excellent book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great story
Five Stars
This was a fantastic read. Finished the book with tears rolling down ...
A page turner
Thoroughly enjoyed it. Made me look for more in the ...
I loved it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is am amazing book, and you will not easily forget either ...
Excellent, the atrocities against the Jewish and all others ...
Kristin Hannah Does it Again
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read!
Wonderful story, wonderful characters
Four Stars
Could not put this one down inspiring and insightful Who ...
Five Stars
You should read this.
Five Stars
Very moving book. Started out a bit slowly but ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyed the story
Pulitzer candidate
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
... to read at times for the suffering but I liked this book a lot
Wow...Enjoyable read
Four Stars
very interesting. There were a lot of things I ...
Fantastic Book!!
Highly recommend this book!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great book!
Best book this year!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hard to put down.
Sad but well done
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend.
Good read
The characters are wonderful. Well researched
Five Stars
Four Stars
Bravery
A Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wowi
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
... chapters to connect with the characters but overall a great read.
Fascinating read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
AMAZING READ
... many of Kristan Hannah's novels and have never been disappointed.
Terrific!
I read a lot. This book was the most ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Must Read
anyone into WW2 or a story of family and endurance will enjoy it
Very good read. I enjoyed learning about the history of ...
Four Stars
Four Stars
Beautifully written. One of the best books I have ...
Great book
Loved the Nightingale
Very compelling story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read about very brave women
A story you will never forget
Five Stars
Very exciting.
Five Stars
Fantastic book! I was sorry when I finished it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A fascinating and highly recommended read.
Unforgettable!!!
Great story.
A great read.  Be prepared to cry!
Good female characters
Easy read. Loved the changes of time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved every page
what we "can" do……..may or may not be a surprise!
Five Stars
love, and determination
loved it and great writing skills to describe such a ...
Great Book taking place in France during WW II
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
This book was wonderful. One of the best books I have read ...
Great story WW 2 fiction
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good story. I think you get a real feel ...
Five Stars
A must if you are a History buff!!!!!
Wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Could not stop, reading and turning the pages. ...
One Star
Must read
I would recommend it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not another halocaust story
Excellent; want to read another book by Kristin
One of the finest novels that I have read
Five Stars
Excellent
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The best book I have read in a long time
Five Stars
Great Book!
Nightingale
Five Stars
Great Read
Read this book and thank god we won this war.
Five Stars
Have recommended to all my
Another WW11 Story of torture to France
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Amazing read! Must read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Brilliant! Such a pleasure to read such a great ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
world war II the front line
Five Stars
GREAT STORY LINE
Loved this book!
Great author
Five Stars
beautiful story. I love her books
Five Stars
Highly recommended.
Good Read!
Five Stars
it is as good as the reviews suggest
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fascinating, but depressing
Five Stars
Good
Highly recommended, really shows the horrors of WWII
Incredible story. Kept me on edge waiting to see ...
Five Stars
Excellent book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I will recommend it to every one I know
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read! A friend recommended this to me and ...
Read this!
Four Stars
Riveting Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
Five Stars
florence herself
Sad but Uplifting
Four Stars
The way it was
Wow
Very interesting story. Found it was actually hard to ...
excellent read. Couldn't put it down
Five Stars
A must read!
I liked this. book Very historical I haven't given 5 ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
History comes alive
Five Stars
Amazing book. The sadness and suspense kept me engaged ...
Five Stars
Super read!
wonderful Readb
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Resistance during the war
6 stars
Loved it and have recommended it to many
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautifully written story of the French resistance during WWII
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Another great book from Kristin Hannah
Five Stars
Major Suspense
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good story.
Five Stars
my favorite!
Young girl leads pilots to freedom in WW 2.
Five Stars
One of the better books in a long time
Three Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Outstanding read!
So realistic.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
but I loved it. Touched my heart in many ways
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I would rate this one of her best.
Five Stars
You will love it!
I would recommend this book!!!
one of Hannah's very best works
Five Stars
Five Stars
one of the bests books I have had the pleasue ...
I thought it was a wonderful. Never got bored with the pace or the ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightingale by K. Hannah
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hated, hated this book!
Five Stars
A beautiful story
Very Good Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just beautifully written. I couldn't put it down until I ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Exciting and sad and a love story all in one
Great read
Must read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
MUST read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Exciiting
Would recommend it.
Excellent historical read that immerses you into the decline of ww2.
A well written historical novel
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Kristin Hannah is a wonderful writer.
Five Stars
story about hardships and survival
Five Stars
moral compass love and loss
Five Stars
Different
Wonderful book. Could not put it down
Read this book
Your next book pick
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Four Stars
GreAt book the nightingale
Five Stars
Loved it!
10 stars!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read. Did not want to put the book ...
Five Stars
It was a great book. Once I got startedI did not want ...
Five Stars
Love-Love-Love this story. Have recommened to so many reader ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Brilliant read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love this author
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent story. Hard to put down the book
War Story
Thought provoking nook
Five Stars
Very enjoyable...
Five Stars
72 years ago
Five Stars
Very good read. I was surprised to find out it ...
Five Stars
Worth the read.
Great read.
A great story!!
Five Stars
Recommend it highly
Five Stars
Five Stars
good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hated to read the last page
AWESOME book!
Four Stars
Kristin Hannah writes writes another wonderful story
Five Stars
Wonderful book!
outstanding read, don't miss it
Five Stars
Great read
Enjoyed it thoroughly
Five Stars
Four Stars
Love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Couldn't put it down!!
A story that will touch your heart!
Wonderful story!
Great reading.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read from the very beginning
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
Great book!
excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
But a good holiday read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read for Historical addicts
Five Stars
Enjoyable Read Re the French Resistance
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing!!!
Five Stars
Well written but sad. Brought terrible memories of the WWII years
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Must Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A powerful story. Had my attention through the end ...
Five Stars
An absolutely wonderful story!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Character Development At It's Best
Four Stars
Very good book. Enjoyed the story about the family
Love historical novels and this one was just great
Fantastic read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful story!
Couldn't put down!
Audio Doesn't Do Justice
Good Fast Read.
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
book review
Four Stars
A great book.  Hard to put down
wonderful story for anyone who enjoys period pieces
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read. One of her better books and I ...
Very good read.
Makes you think
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Really enjoy her books
Four Stars
A must read.
beautifully written.
Five Stars
Great story. Have given it as a gift and ...
Great read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lest we forget man, s inhumanity to man!
Five Stars
one of the best, possibly the best book I have ever read
Loved it! Can't stop thinking about it
Five Stars
I loved it. Very well written
Redeemed at the end
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
but "All the light you cannot see" was much better.
Have your tissues handy.  Wonderful ending.
Great read!
Absolutely loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A real page turner.
Another reminder of the atrocities of war.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read book !
Loved it! One of the best books I have ...
Wow! A stay up all night because you can't ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This was a great novel. I could hardly set it down
Five Stars
Hmmmmm.....
Magnificent!!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Must read!
It was a beautifully written book with a very touching ending
Great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good writing, I would recommed it
Five Stars
Highly recommend.
good book shows civilian side of suffering in France during
One of the best! Would love to read more of this author's ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
I loved this book
Five Stars
Enjoyed from stat to finish
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well  written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Five Stars
Hannah's best work yet!!!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well worth reading
Five Stars
Did my share of crying
A good read, but heart-breaking
You must read this!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Excellent book
Five Stars
A must read!!
Great read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Terrific book. I have recommended it to all my ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
Five Stars
Four Stars
This was an excellent book. I had a hard time putting it ...
Five Stars
Highly Recommended!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Educational about WWI
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Choices!
Five Stars
The Nightengalr
Five Stars
... was a tough book to get through but I enjoyed it very much
Don't miss this book!
Great book
I recommend this book
Very good book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story. Only half way through but loving every ...
Great book!
A good read.
Five Stars
Such a great story
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good story...
Four Stars
Five Stars
It was great Just enough history and personal story together
Four Stars
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel
Five Stars
Four Stars
Well done!
Passion & History = one great read!
Five Stars
Great
Great read
Beautiful story.
Five Stars
Brave Women on the Homefront
Five Stars
By far one of my favorite books!
Five Stars
Not enough stars !!!!
Inspiring and emotionally gripping story wonderfully written.
Worth reading
so enjoyed.. hated that it ended
Wonder read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book. Real page turner and would recommend to ...
One of the best books of the year.
Five Stars
but very good!
Four Stars
A really great book. Pray that this never happens in America
Five Stars
A page turner
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyable !Strong character developmrnt.
Five Stars
Suspenseful
Five Stars
Interesting plot, excellent characterization
Grabs your heart and doesn't let go..
Great book I finished it into days just couldn't put ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Page turner. I became part of the story and was saddened when I finished...had to pause a bit when finished.
Five Stars
I enjoyed the book
Amazon book! One of the best I've read.
A Must Read!!!
Great character development
Five Stars
Interesting plot. Provocative characters and many surprises.
Good read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very moving and amazing. The characters were extremely real
Enjoy very much
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read
Five Stars
Amazing
Two sisters, two different lives
A great read. Especially for a WWII historical fiction fan
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
France in WW Ii
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wow!
Sisters strong
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This book was so good. I have recommended it to my friends
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thoroughly enjoyed it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was a great read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Historical fiction at its finest.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great character
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
love and sacrifice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Nightingale Review
very good. interesting story
Five Stars
Eventually grabs you
Great Story
Gripping Novel
Loved it. Lived in France
This is a great book! The best I have read in a ...
Enjoyed.....
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightgale
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. Really enjoyed it
loved it!
Three Stars
Five Stars
That's how much I liked it.
Five Stars
a great read
Intriging story lines. I felt invested in the characters ...
Beautifully written. Very sad
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
A book that touches your heart
Couldn't put it down
Four Stars
Amazing!!!!!
Five Stars
Recommend
Five Stars
Nightingale a must read.
this book is amazing. Definitely a must read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of her best!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Probably my favorite book I've ever read
Five Stars
Best book I have read this year
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
So real! Heart wrenching and victorious at the same ...
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Couldn't Put It Down
Read it!
Great book. One of those books that are hard ...
Wonderful book!
A heart wrenching and heart breaking story of love and family (Audio Book review)
Incredible Read
amazing
Sad but well told
Great read.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a good read
Could I have survived?
Five Stars
Five Stars
not bad. a bit sappy at time (chicky) but worth ...
it is all about love.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
5 star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth a read
France
Great read!
Great book!
Excellent. Engrossing story
Beautifully written! An absolute must read!!!
Great reading
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book. Every page has you holding your breath
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book! One of the best that I've read ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Interesting story.
Five Stars
Can't put down...awesome all the way thru
Hard to put down!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic.
The Nightingale shows a side of WWII we rarely see.
Loved it.
Five Stars
Could Not Put Down!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just OK
This is a lame book about WWII and how it affected civilian lives
The Nightengale... SUPERB!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this read
wonderful read
I was sad that it had to end
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful Read
Fantastic!
Five Stars
Fantastic Read
Amazing read!
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read!
Five Stars
Best of Hannah
Five Stars
FANTASTIC!!!
Good reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommended to my friends
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful read. This will be a movie
She is a great writer. You will not put the book
Four Stars
A great story.
Exceptional writing!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written
great book for bookclub
Well written! Another book that you can't put it ...
Five Stars
.
Five Stars
It is my favorite book currently
Well written. Keeps you wanting to read. War ...
Sad, but needed to be told
Must read!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent story line
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
Riveting read!!
Great read! Loved the character and flow of the ...
Five Stars
Amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lest we forget.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read this book!
Great book! Could not put it down
Five Stars
Five Stars
A VERY GOOD BOOK!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Always great!
Must read
Great book!
Five Stars
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
An excellent read!
Favorite book!
Great book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Great, well-written book!
Five Stars
Best novel ever!!!!!
Beautiful, tragic story of sisters in WWII
Excellent but stressful
Five Stars
Story is good and great characters
I love Kristin Hannah's writing
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... read a book of her's that I did not like.
A well written story.
Beautiful Story
Loved this!
Five Stars
Five Stars
I absolutely loved this book
Another great book from Kristin
Easy to follow changing time lines
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book!
Highly recommend
Five Stars
Great read. Thoroughly enjoy Kristin Hannah's books
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved it.
Five Stars
A must read
Five Stars
Wow!
Great read!
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Excellent read. Brought tears to my eyes at the ...
An excellent
A Great Read
Five Stars
Great read!
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved It
A different look at War
But enjoyed the second half
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth Reading!
Great book
A story of love and redemption
A good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
A wonderful story. Keeps you engaged start to
Five Stars
Insightful
Very compelling. A "can't put it down" read.
Thoroughly enjoyed it! Well written and informative
Five Stars
Riveting! Would we each have the courage to do ...
Loved this book
Five Stars
Love this book
Five Stars
excellent!
Heartbreaking and beautifully written
Four Stars
You won't be able to put it down.
Hannah's Best
Five Stars
Five Stars
GREAT!!
Five Stars
Great read!
Really good read.
Hard to put down
Could not put this book down. Page turner for ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Amazing view from different sets of eyes
Five Stars
mardoc reporting
Four Stars
Fabulous!!!
Five Stars
Great Read!  Don't miss reading this book
Very good reading for a terrible time in our lives
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
I really enjoyed it.
Five Stars
The Nightingale
Amazing!
Five Stars
Beautiful story
Four Stars
Five Stars
It was a good read. I would recommend it to anyone
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. I enjoyed the story setting in France
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
and an excellent story as
Great read
great book very well written retains interest
Definitely recommend it!
Five Stars
Outstanding.  Read this now!
Five Stars
Five Stars
My favorite book this summer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Predictable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Great book! Have your Kleenex ready for the
fascinating story
Just Awesome!!!
Difficult to put down
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Somewhat sad towards the end
Well written. Now I want to read all of ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Book!
Could not put it down.
Loved this book!
Do yourself a favor and read this book.
Very good read.
Five Stars
Great Read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent Read
Four Stars
Great book.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
A wonderful story
Five Stars
One of the best war time stories I have ever read
Love it.
Five Stars
Great read!
a must read!!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Five Stars
Capturing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyed it tremendously.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Wonderful!
I like it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love her writing
Beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nightingale, a good read!
Five Stars
Good Read
Four Stars
Great read!!
Three Stars
Loved The Nightingale
Five Stars
the Nightingale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend this book
Five Stars
Excellent book.Hard to put down
Great book. All the characters were well written
Five Stars
Good read.
Five Stars
A Must Read
Four Stars
The Nightingale is Superb!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Kept me reading
Five Stars
Loved the story brought me to
Great characters.
Five Stars
she kept me  reading til the end
Five Stars
It is not a 5, but definitely a 10!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A wonderful book. I never wanted to put it down
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it. Held my interest from beginning to
Five Stars
Read it you never know
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Kristin Hannah has written her best book!
Great book
Good read! Our book club will read in a ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved It!!
Wonderfully detailed WWII saga
Five Stars
War isn't just about armies fighting armies
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best!
Five Stars
Page Turner
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wow!
wonderful for bookclubs discussion
Loved this book
Wonderful book!
Wow. Get your tissues out
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
GREAT
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved reading it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Terrific Read
Love and war
Five Stars
Five Stars
heartbreaking
A good, easy read.
Five Stars
... felt the loss of war and the strength of love.
Five Stars
Excellent book. Well written and a great story
Five Stars
Good
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Page Turner
The Nightingale
Five Stars
A wonderful read. It was very hard to put down
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Historical fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Incredible book!
Wonderful book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Terrific!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
but then it was good.
Great read.
Five Stars
Loved it!!!
One of the best books! Did not want it to end
Kristen does it again
Great read
Five Stars
Great read
Compelling story
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read. You remember each character
Good Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story
Excellent
Stole my heart.
Five Stars
Five Stars
great book
Great read
A fascinating story Could not put it down!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
you need to read this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Grab the tissues.
Entertaining
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
The Nightingale sings!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Kristin Hannah does it again!  I thought that Winter Garden was good; but, this is even better!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it! full of history
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent read! One of my all time too reads
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
Favorite!
Suez
recommended
Read it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Another sad story of how the Germans treated the Jews, but also amazing at their strength and endurance.
Good insight to the French Resistence during WWII.
Five Stars
Loved it! A really good and compelling story
Five Stars
loved the characters
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A great read! Probably Kristin Hannah's best
Five Stars
I liked it.
Five Stars
My kind of book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
great story!
Really good! Exciting from start to finish
Great book! One of Kristin Hannah's best yet
Five Stars
Five Stars
But I finished the book hoping it would get better.
One Star
Five Stars
excellent
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Liked it, just felt a bit let down at ...
Five Stars
A book you'll remember.
Would highly recommend it.
Wonderful story
Excellent book. Could not put the book down
Five Stars
EXCELLENT BOOK!
Five Stars
Great story
Very emotional book. I couldn't put it down!
Five Stars
Excellent reading. Love anything by Kristin
Five Stars
One of my favorites. Could not put it down ...
Fantastic..kleenex needed!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Awesome, sensitive, mind gripping.
Doesn't get much better than this!
Very interesting! True story, well written!
Great
Loved it!
Great book!
World War II gripping story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome book!
A Must Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it. Best book I have read in a ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Five Stars
Loved it!!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
A walk through WW2 on the French side...
I highly recommend it.
I loved this book
an easy read. I loved it
I will recommend it highly
An excellent read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's great reading!
I found it excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful story. Held me tight all the way
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Extraordinary
This is No Winter Garden
The life during war became real
beautiful and heartbreaking
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. Exciting from start to finish
Five Stars
Yes a Great Book!
A must Read
The Nightingale is the best read in a long while!
Five Stars
Good Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book! I was sorry to see it end
Five Stars
Four Stars
Best book I have read in a Long time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Last is best
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyed "The Nightingale"
Five Stars
Page turner
Five Stars
AMAZING STORY
A Well-Written, Hauntingly Special Novel
Five Stars
Four Stars
I have always enjoyed Kristin Hannah
A great read. I recommend reading the book
just like it happened
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
An excellent book. I highly recommend it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great, great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read! The visuals were amazing
Captivating
Excellent.  Survival in France during WWIi.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic Story
Five Stars
Must read!!
Nightengale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best book I've read in years
Five Stars
Four Stars
One of the best holocaust books I have ever read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!  Highly recommend it!
Five Stars
Excellent book.
Loved the
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sad story about brave women
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Great read! My husband loved it as well
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book. Kudos to Kristin Hannah
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Must Read!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good story. I had tears at the end
Historical fiction
very quick read; entertaining, fast paced!
Strong women
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this!
Very well written. Couldn't put it down.
Four Stars
Five Stars
loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read!!
Excellent Book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a great book
OUTSTANDING!!!!
Great story!
Five Stars
Great story
Bring tissues
Heart-Wrenching and Powerful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nazi occupation in France affects family.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Read
Great characters and plot
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
good historical fiction
Five Stars
Excellent book
Five Stars
Beautiful reading.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Four Stars
What beautiful writing.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read! I couldn't put it down
A must read!
Five Stars
Fantastic book. I couldn't put it down
Five Stars
GREAT!
I absolutely loved it.
Five Stars
Could not put this down.
Superb!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book I couldn't put it down
very good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read.
Four Stars
Hauntingly Beautiful...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A wonderful story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Amazing!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome
Five Stars
Five Stars
Chick book.
Five Stars
Two Stars
Great Book
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah
Five Stars
Five Stars
A+
Five Stars
Fascinating story about war-torn France and its struggle against the Nazis , and well written, too.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is a must-read
Five Stars
Five Stars
one of the best books I have ever
Five Stars
Five Stars
Moving story
Four Stars
Good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
sad story told very well
Held my attention
Five Stars
Wonderful book. One of my favorites
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of her best! Every page brilliant
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a great read I enjoyed the entire
A Must Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
A page turner.
Five Stars
Riveting!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book! Couldn't put it down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing Book!
Five Stars
The Nightengale
Five Stars
Very good book. I would recommend it
The hardships of war
Five Stars
Great Read! Will recommend to others
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
TERRIFIC!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read. Really enjoyed the story
Five Stars
so real... unable to put the book ...
Four Stars
Very good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome book! Could not put it down
Five Stars
one of her better
Five Stars
Excellent book
You have to keep with it. Too much work.
Dont waste your time with this one.
Five Stars
Five Stars
GreaT story, but a little
Five Stars
Excellent story-line.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. Heart renching at times
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Historical Novel!
Five Stars
Favorite Book this Summer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story of love and loss.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
loved
Five Stars
Great!
Excellent
Five Stars
Must read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Great book!
Amazing story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read.
Five Stars
Good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great story!
Five Stars
Gripping and emotional novel
Nightingale: A Great Read
Four Stars
Four Stars
One of the best books I read in a long time!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great read!!
Five Stars
Fabulous !!
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightingale was riveting
Excellent!
Five Stars
Loved it Didn't guess the
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best book ever!
Four Stars
A gripping portrayal of a disturbing part of history and the choices that were confronted.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hard to put down.
Terrific story! A real tear jerker
Wonderful!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
highly recommended
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book! Everyone should read
Sad
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
6+stars. Amazing!
Must read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice use of imagery
Great book. Highly recommend it
Five Stars
Wonderful read.
Beautifully written.
Great book
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Book, Book club rated it a
Four Stars
Great read! Would highly recommend
Great book! I couldn't put it down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great writing.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent book, couldn't put it
read it. just read it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. I couldn't put it down
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved it. I couldn't put it down
Excellent in every way
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fast read... another WWII in France.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!!!!!
Read
Great!
Enjoyed it immensely
Great character!
Intense!  Well done.
Dynamic Account of fanlies surviving in France during WWII
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyed the book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Would recommend.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good book
Five Stars
Five Stars
I recommend it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
A Great Read
Her best book yet
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I enjoyed every detail
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Read this book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Love this book
beautiful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Tragically moving
Five Stars
Spellbinding
Great book. Characters were great
Five Stars
Five Stars
My highest recommendation to anyone.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was a Great read!
Five Stars
Good book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Page Turner
Five Stars
Her best book! It was outstanding
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
GREAT read!
Highly recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
enjoyed it very
Five Stars
Great book, I couldn't put it down
Five Stars
One of My Fave Novels Ever
Great book. Couldn't put it down
Five Stars
You will love this book
Five Stars
Great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Must read!
excellent book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent! Very interesting book
Five Stars
Five Stars
loved it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Don't miss this one!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfectly written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
There's a reason this book has 5 solid stars!
Five Stars
Five Stars
thoroughly enjoyed it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a timw in the world that, unless you were there, the tragedy of it is incomprehensable!
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it. I couldn't put it down
Five Stars
Well written, a real page turner.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good story. A little predictable
Five Stars
This book opened a whole new window on the war ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. Absolutely loved it
Five Stars
Excellent for anyone who loves historical fiction
Four Stars
Great story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it!
Five Stars
Book review
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is a must read!
Five Stars
great read!
Stunning novel
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great summer read!
Five Stars
Fantastic. Couldn't put it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A great read. Highly recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great story. Very well written
Enjoyed the
Five Stars
Everyone should year this story.
Great read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Loved the book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
A good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great book. Hard to put down
fascinating story, well written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fabulous. Couldn't put it down!
This is one of the most beautiful love stories that I have ever read of the ...
Ho hum.
Fabulous page turner exposing people with the heart of lions.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book
Must read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. Hard to put it down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Moving!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great story. Kept my interest
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent. A real page turner
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
Five Stars
Well done!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
very good.. things I never
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good story. Hard to put down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. Hard to put down
don't miss it
Enjoyed!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book. Highly recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Worth the read
Five Stars
Excellent Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Great book! Highly recommend
Wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five star book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book Highly recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
fabulous1
Five Stars
Well written. Emotional story.
good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great ending.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read. Loved this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
her best yet.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyable read
WW2 from a more human story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Outstanding
LOVE
Heroes of war
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Suspense the whole way thru.  Couldn't put it down.
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Sad, but a wonderful book
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
A great read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Marvellously written
Five Stars
must read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic
Great story.
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
GRipping, terrifying read.  Couldn't put it down.  I was right there, experiencing the German occupation of France!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Fabulous read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A very well written novel.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good! A page turner
Great story. Well written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
loved it! moving story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great read
Five Stars
FAB read!
Five Stars
Nightingale
Good Read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
couldn't stop reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Thorough the years.
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Goid book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
a good read.
Outstanding historical fiction!
Marvelous
The Nightingale
Five Stars
Great book!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nightinghale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best book I've read in years!
excellent read!
Five Stars
Great read.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't bother
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I  woman, watch me now!
Will be going to a Book Club meeting  where a female  who was in the French Resistence will speak - she highly recommended Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read for anyone who likes history and interesting characters.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good to the very last page
a great
very good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is an amazing read. Kristen Hannah deserves all the kudos for ...
Disappointed because I have really enjoyed her other books
Kristin Hannah's best book so far!!
truly can't put it down....
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
The nightingale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Will look for other titles by this author!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good historical story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommend it!
Nothing great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A good history of the Holocaust.
Five Stars
Wonderful!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A favorite!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Historic Setting
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A compelling story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Was excellent!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful Novel
Excellent book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Recommend
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good story
Excellent read.
Good Read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Must read this amazing book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Love it
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
history and great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
This is an excellent book you will want to read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best of the year!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Excellent read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Read
Must read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Women in the French Underground
Good read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyed
Five Stars
Review of The Nightengale
What a surprise!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Couldn't put it down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just read it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Great read
You won't be sorry
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quick and easy read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best book I've read in a long time
Couldn't put this book down!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
very good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
It is by far the best WW11 period novel I've read
Brava!!
Best novel I've read this year.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved
sooooo good!
Five Stars
Relearning and reliving ww2 history even as fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hard to put down.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Germans should have learned the lesson
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of my favorites
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't miss it
a very good read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best in a long time,
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A really good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
You don't want to miss this one.
Five Stars
Five Stars
very very
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A story of hope and love and the ties that bind us
This was one of the best novels I have read
Hard To Put Down
the Nightingale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Appearances can be deceiving!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Happy with every purchase todate
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Well written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good readng
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
get this one.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read!!
Could not put the book down
What a wonderful story of perseverance
Brutal... but fantastic!
If you like well drawn believable characters, pass this one by.
Five Stars
Unforgettable - still thinking of it a week later!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a fantastic read. i loved it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Terrific summer read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great book
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A slice of wartime France....
a page turner
This is a wonderful read! Reads like historical fiction but I didn't ...
Great Story and Good Writing....What More Do You Want
Amazing
One false note
WHERE DID THE STRENGTH OF TWO FRENCH SISTERS COME FROM?
This was an amazing book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fabulous
Was a five star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read.
Five Stars
Nightingale sings sweetly.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
HIGHLY recommended
Five Stars
a must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Couldn't put it down.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great ending!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
must read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nightingale
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
In review
Stunning
Amazing
Fabulous Book!
Dark
One Star
Astounding!
The Book was Very Good, the recording was a disappointment
Just So So
Wonderful Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
This book was insightful, thought provoking and made me cry unlike any other.  EXCELLENT JOB!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great story and well told.  Loved this book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
one of my new favorites!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A page-turner
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
----.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent historical romance/suspense read.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good representation of emotional trauma and it's long term consequences.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nightingale
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Oh My God
This was a great read.
A must read for women
Excellent read
Five Stars
Read this Book!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
If you love to feel moved by characters that will haunt you then download this book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A great story and well written.
Five Stars
Great Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A very enjoyable read. This is a story which holds the readers interest, and hangs around in thoughts.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Liked it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
kept interest through out book from start to finish.
Four Stars
as well as the feeble character development and I was happy I did
I could not stop reading; this was one of the most interesting books I've ever read.
Perfect book for Memorial Day
The Nightengale by Kristan Hannah
A MUST read!
A very good read!
Good read. Not my favorite from KH
Moving book
Unforgettable
Two Stars
amazing, enthralling story
Great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Can't get enough of her writing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Outstanding historical fiction
don't miss this one
Really good
great reader of fabulous books
The Vichy French were just as bad as the Germans but it's all in the history ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
France WWII
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bland
Really good book!
Very in depth detailed of the people in the French ...
An Unforgettable Tale of Courage!
... don't know why when I was done I felt like it was not the best written or the most ...
I love this time period in history
One of the best books I've read in many years A superb historical ...
Astounding
Her Best Book Ever!
Not just another WWII historical novel
... never read a Kristin Hannah book that I didn't like. This one has you hooked from the first
Captivating page turner
Excellent
I learned history from the perspective of WWII French occupation ...
Great book
very interesting story which brought back to light the many ...
It is the one book everyone should read!
Read this!
Well done
Disappointing Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sisters
Excellent book. It is rich in strength
A must read...
A powerful moving saga
Incredible
Wonderful book and beautifully written
Too long
Excellent read
this is Kristen Hannah's best work
What a story of bravery and pain. Many of ...
Best book I've ever read!
WONDERFUL Book
A very good book
Repetitious
Excellent read. However
Nightengale was a pretty interesting book but I wasn't excited to see what ...
One of the best books that I have read in a long time ...
Superb
Gripping from beginning to end.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book with lots of historical setting.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Couldn't Put It Down!
Couldn't put it down
LOVED this book
France and War from a woman's Birdseye view.
Interesting book
couldn't put it down
Awesome book! I loved the way the sisters had ...
Engrossing Story
Excellent historical fiction
I loved it and even shed a tear or two
Great read
I have recommended it to everyone who asks for a good read
... really brought to life what it must have been like for those who suffered through Hitler's atrocities
wonderful
Beautiful
What a hero is.
Simply amazing!
I loved this book
World War II story
the nightingale
Amazing! In my top 5 ever
Kristin Hannah hits a home run with this one.
nightingale
Not to be missed1
Wow!
Not Just Another WWII book
Five Stars
Great
Great read.
a great WWII read
Page turner
she said it was very good. I say it is great
Life in Nazi occupied France
If you love historical fiction then this is the book for you
Only Humans can be so cruel. Author has real talent of putting us in the shoes of characters of the story and make us see the wa
vivid contrast
Ron Shapiro
Great Read
Strong,tearful story
Fantastic book.
Loved it.
Always a WWII affictionado - but WOW
The Nightingale
WWII
Very inciteful and informative story about France in World War ...
Really a great read, that leaves you sad but appreciative of ...
Makes you really think about history
Really enjoyed this book
Great read!
the Nightingale
Five Stars
It was a little slow in the beginning but then ...
Excellent
Beautiful!
Couldn't put it down
Kristin Hannah does it again
Excellent book
Fascinating book
A better than average read
If you like historical fiction
Amazing read!
One of the best books I've read in years
Kristin Hannah at her best!
May be her best!
But a nice love story
Great book
If this had not been on our Book Club reading list, I would have put the book down after reading100 pages.
Two Stars
Fantastic book
wow!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the BEST books I have read in a long time
Like Hemingway
wonderful new book by Kristen Hannah
Great book! Captures the feelings of the war in a moving way.
Amazing!
Fabulous Read
Heartbreaking. Heart warming.
Loved this novel
Poignant
Very Well-told Survivors Story
Thumbs up
Enjoyable read
Read it!
Heart Stopping read.
There are no words...
, It is well written, and interesting but ...
The amazing human spirit
A wonderful book! This story will stay in my mind ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it for a book club and really enjoyed it. We had a lot of good discussion ...
Amazing!
Excellent book!
fascinating story of 2 sisters" differing resistance to Nazi occupation ...
One Star
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nostaligic and steady
A must read
Gripping storey.
Fantastic Read
Women help during the German Occupation in France
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I'm a fan!
Three Stars
One of the best I've ever read
Five Stars
a page turner ....ending a bit disappointing
Five Stars
A Favorite
Five Stars
To read it is to love it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Yes!
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome Book
Five Stars
A Story That Will Not Be Forgotten
Five Stars
Two Stars
.
Disappointed
Five Stars
Excellent book. Well written and hard to put down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Wonderful story
Three Stars
Five Stars
Kristin Hannah , brough out the love of this family & war who they really are when Antoine leaves his family & head to war
Nicely done
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fanulous
Three Stars
Five Stars
I love it!
Five Stars
well written, excellent book
Five Stars
Great book. Couldn't put it down
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The binding is terrible, and all of the pages are falling out
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Loved that
Four Stars
Five star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good Read
Great Book!
Two Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Just an OK novel
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
So, so!
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love Triumphs Through the Hardest of Hardships
Hate it when I waste hard-earned money on purchasing such ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Wish I'd Taken A Pass on This Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
meh - a simple book for a complex issue
One Star
Five Stars
Wonderful book, I liked the way the author started ...
Excellent historical fiction.
Five Stars
One Star
... got very involved from page 1 but a very sad story which unfortunately was true
A slow start but compelling finish
Two Stars
Four Stars
I made myself finish!
This was an amazing story and I learned history about World War II ...
Good Read
One Star
but have loved her others ones
Five Stars
Book club loved it. First time that has happened in a ...
Wonderfully written novel!
Two Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
One Star
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Please enjoy
DID NOT RECEIVE ENTIRE BOOK.
One Star
Two Stars
One Star
One Star
One Star
One Star
Two Stars
One Star
One Star
The Nightengale by Kristin Hannah is a brilliantlywritten book! The author chose her words carefully, so that every sentence had
One Star
One Star
One Star
One Star
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and have recommended it to friends and ...
Resist evil always
I highly recommend this book
What a story!
It's a great book. Once you start you won't want to ...
One Star
Fabulous..... so well written and ...
I'd recommend it
Disappointed
One Star
Kindle lover
One Star
Best book ever
One Star
