Superb laptop for the money - After you remove the crapware
Actually REALLY GOOD!
This laptop is perfect such great quality nice color great apps
Excellent value, performs better than the HP Stream 14
A Student's Review
Will never purchase another chromebook. This is the solution!
Yes
HP Stream 11: Initial Impressions
great for great pay
Just OK, don't make this your primary laptop.
PERFECT "Traveller", Great Price Point, Nice Extras and it Looks FANTASTIC!
The best ubuntu laptop
Let me count the ways I love thee
Decent laptop with some trade-offs, and ALOT of bloatware
too fragile! it stopped within 20 days!!! burned components.
arrived 2/15. great so far
Solid computer, has some issues with Linux although Ubuntu 14.10 is running well
Here are the problems ..
Great portable laptop for on the go: from an IT Professional
I don't plan on installing any unnecessary programs or saving documents directly onto this laptop
Mythbusting the HP Stream 13
Great Notebook, once you remove the crapware
PERFECT "Traveller", Great Price Point, Nice Extras and it Looks FANTASTIC!
"Okay"
Great Basic Computer (Made better with MS Office!)
Just purchased
The Microsoft Office set up easily. Thanks so much
Very upset.
A little laptop that could..
Nice laptop for school
Love it so far
Not a bad machine...once you get it up and running
Good so far but I can't connected to my house ...
I was in love - THEN I WAS WRONG!
Really great deal, if you understand what you're getting into...
Must buy!! Especially for students.
Great little laptop for the price
This computer sucks
Not bad.
Five Stars
Unexpectedly Impressed. Chose this over a Chromebook.
Good as second laptop
This computer seems really nice at first
Perfect
Worth it, if you put in some work!
Very Slow And Unreliable...
THE MOST COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW FOR: HP 11 Stream Notebook
Nice laptop, but possibly planned for obsolescence
Lasted all of THREE WEEKS!
Unfortunately, this laptop cannot easily update to Windows 10 due to the lack of storage space...
Love it. easily switch back and forth from windows ...
One Star
I saw so many good reviews for this laptop so I purchased one thru ...
One of my worst purchases
Early Graduation Givt
Great Laptop - Delete Old OS After Update!
Perfect laptop for a college student
One Star
Tech Savy Guy Here, And This Is Great...5 stars:)
Bargain-Priced Linux Netbook, Blemished by Poor Wifi Range
I like this little blue guy a lot.
I needed something which would let me comfortably type, surf the web
Unexpected problem. Fatal.
Going over every part of the laptop! READ PLEASE
It is not user friendly and just a bad design overall
in love!
So far so good. Ive been using this computer for light college ...
Great notebook for students or those on the go
Total garbage. This is the second one I purchased in ...
Solid cheap computer
Bought 2, only 1 worked and now I'm suppose to pay more $ to ship back to HP to be fixed?!?
I love amazon reviews
Has too many preloaded APs and useless programs which makes it extremely slow
5 Star For Price Vs Performance
Worked great....but screen totally blacked out
Intermittent connectivity at best
Free $25 gift card doesn't exist.
Five Stars
Race to the bottom has reached it's pinnacle
I am extremely disappointed with this product and feel it was a total ...
this computer is great. Be advised however
keypad non functioning
Worth the Price, Would Purchase Again
Nothing but adware
Worth it, if you put in some work!
Video streaming - Important tip!
The keyboard is surprisingly good - no flex in the chassis and even though ...
I just received my Hp stream 13 and it won't ...
Better than you would expect for $200.
Loving it
Not for everyone, but totally usable and a sweet value
My HP :)
and think it's great. I'm a power user
Disappointing for an HP product.
My Laptop wont come up.....
do not buy
Disappointing Test Results
Best decision ever!!
Like my car
Wanted to Like It
One Star
For $200 there arenâ€™t going to be much that are better than this -It also came with a $25 Microsoft ...
I did eliminate the programs I did not need like bonjour and a few others to free up some ...
Yes, just buy it already.
Great laptop
The Worst Hunk of Junk I've Ever Wasted My Money On.
Great for my online classes!
Great value, beautiful laptop!  Perfect for the kids
Great Laptop on a budget. Extremely Portable.
Great Value for $200. For $291? Not sure.
One Star
Probably the best budget Windows laptop out there!
YASSS HP, WERK GURL
You get what you paid for
Five Stars
great inexpensive computer.
Great little laptop! Runs games and apps!
I like my cute little HP Stream I think you will like it too!!
Great for a basic laptop
Lightweight laptop for lightweight users. Works fine.
A useless and frustrating vehicle for malware
Extremely Poor Trackpad and Wifi Antenna
Serious buyers remorse
Good
First impression is an excellent one. No expectations for this little laptop
Back in Business!
screen resolution isn't the best, cruises the web ok
Stylish, Slim but not good preformance
Absolutely a wonderful compact laptop
College student, chromebook killer
We've had it for about three months and are currently happy with the purchase
Awesome! <3
Used sold as new. Free software not functional. Microsoft says tough return the product.
As a student this is a great notebook. I am able to access every thing ...
It's a great laptop for the price
One Star
Excellent Value
Windows 10...
Great Budget Machine For Students
Very happy with it so far, but takes some getting used to.
Excellent value for basic tasks. Can watch a video and browse internet (with lag). Buy Signature Ed. for no crapware.
Ol' Blue is worth your money!
So much more than expected.
Great Laptop if You Know What to Expect
Excellent laptop with a tablet-like convenience coming from someone who has owned many different brands/systems.
Great little computer.
LCD quality could be better, only 10GB for user files after updates and office. OK for $200
Bought It, Love It..  Probably will get another.
A solid Netbook PC thats a step up from the older models.
More than just okay
Great computer for the price
Up till now I love it. I have had it for a week ...
The wave of future laptops
For $200, it's worth every penny
Very Impressive 13" Bargain Laptop
THE BEST DEAL AROUND
Love it. I have a desk top also that ...
... got this laptop a few days ago and I'm pretty much blown away with it
amazing deal.
Great laptop if you know what you need from a laptop.
Windows, Chrome
Excellent Budget Laptop
Nice laptop, hard to change OS (to Linux for example). Good keyboard.
... Stream for about 6 weeks now and it is super. In early April
My best investment yet!
HP and Mirosoft's answer to chromebook is a winner !
Great Size
A Good Extra Laptop
Execellent Laptop @ cheap price tag with Windows 8.1
So far so good!
Light, Compact, Good - but preloaded with adware
Happy with my purchase. Great affordable additional PC
Superb laptop for the money - After you remove the crapware
Nice Laptop at a great price.
Cute little travel computer
Great little computer
Absolutely hated the whole thing
Amazing deal for Students
Nice, but not for me
I considered a chromebook but I felt more comfortable with a window laptop for a few dollars more
This laptop is great for people who simply want something lightweight for browsing
Hate the garbage that comes with it.
I bought it in February and was happy with it
Much happier with this than my Chromebook.  Thrilled!
Perfect!
I was very happy with my purchase
Track pad may have issues
Much better than it has any right to be
The Perfect "Moron" Computer
So my cell phone got bigger and my laptop is smaller ......but worth every penny!!!
No space
Exactly what I needed. Everyone should get one.
great laptop for its price
Great!
HP Stream 13 and (ASUS X205TA and Mac Mini)
Nice, but dump Windows
Not a powerhouse but a great little computer. Fantastic value.
Honestly impressed
Great computer, Great price.  and PRETTY!!!
A cute lightweight laptop.
Perfect for school and basic browsing
Perfect for college students
Great little travel laptop for a great little price!
Definitely a must buy for any student!
Disappointed :(
Love, love
Perfect for me!
Says I cannot redeem the gift card!
Awesome for school!
Great, simple laptop that gets the job done.
Great laptop, but get an external hard disc or use a Cloud
Terrible Mousepad
Great performance for this little laptop!
Four Stars
So quiet!  Second purchase.
ðŸ’žðŸ’»ðŸ’— convenience at its best !
Why...why did I even bother...
LOVE IT!
really nice for the price
and I really liked the color
Hard drive to small.
Don't be fooled with 32GB storage. I bought 2 ...
... included the office for a year from was beyond perfect For 200 bucks I have a shocking pink lap ...
Highly recommended for school/work
This laptop is just what I needed!
Very Good Little Laptop
Great Labtop for the price
Great Laptop for the Price!!
The only issue is it does not play media well ( 720p and 1080p ) and the speakers are not the best. Otherwise its a great produc
A MUST BUY!
The only issue I have had is with the HP ...
which in my opinion is crap. Reproduces 720p video as much
which is to schlep around with me for easy access to the www and my documents
Amazing
Great product for a low price
Also I found the track pad to be really nice. It doesn't register palms and does a nice ...
wonderful and I got at black Friday price of 199
Microsoft Office free for a year is a great perk! It's not the fastest computer but I ...
She was heart broken because she really liked it. My daughter is 16 and very careful ...
Best $200 Laptop Right Now
Cool device for my daughter who needs a small laptop ...
Waste of good hardware
Solid, limited inexpensive laptop.
Great laptop for 200 bucks.
Great Laptop for the Price!
Good for the traveler--barely larger than a tablet
Good, solid laptop for average use
YOU CANNOT BEAT THIS LAPTOP FOR THE PRICE - Microsoft Office is yours for a yr after you install it. At this price, grab it!
Perfect Little Laptop for Travel ! (n_n)
Good value, with a few caveats
which is fine. I have a Offfice word account and it ...
Great for students!
it fits almost everywhere and I am in love with the free features and yearly subscriptions
It's a full blown laptop minus optical drive for 200 bucks. Not much more can be done for this price point.
Great little laptop! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
It suits my needs fine. It's not blazing
Ideal Laptop for Kids, Family and light weight users and school purpose
Nice little machine - 32 GB kills it if you want to install anything.
UnInstall McAfee App As Soon As You Open the Computer!!!!!
I love my HP Stream 11
Good for high school, NOT for college
No Burn Legs! Battery Life, AWESOME! So Pretty <3!
an amazing laptop.
Most excellent if you work within its limitations.
OK performer, terrible trackpad
A Netbook, nothing more.
It is small and easy to carry around the house while trying to take ...
Worst laptop, very mad.
The battery life is way better than traditional laptop
Minecraft, considerations for your tween
This laptop is evil
Clean install is a bit of a challenge. Otherwise, this laptop goes to 11 (dimensionally, if not in terms of performance).
Not Windows 10 compatible as it claims to be!
I bought this because of the other laptop we bought ...
For the price...
... replaced because one USB port didn't work Amazon was amazing on replacing Couldn't be happier for traveling
I love this little laptop
A splendid little gadget
Great laptop, not a lot of space
Nice little laptop
Nice netbook but SSD is a limitation.
Outstanding PC value
Good budget laptop!
Great price, better than expected product.
Bang for the buck, what you see is what you get
HP STREAM lives up to its promise
it is matte and is pretty dim at its highest setting
Microsoft Takes on Chromebooks with HP Stream 13 and 11 with style
Top marks for usability and value
Decent budget laptop with horrible customer service.
Can't handle heavy web browsing
Only a few Cons!
Best Laptop Ever!!!
Bought it for my kids. Totally in love with it
Great little laptop
keyboard issue
Don't waste your money on the HP Stream 13.3 inch laptop !
Not worth the money
this laptop is really a good grab.
Great computer for basic needs
optical drive
Does the job!
Perfect for What it is Intended to Do
Great buy for the money
This Laptop is great!!
... 9 year old son for Christmas and have been delighted with it
It is like watching an episode of the Golden Girls or Empty ...
The build quality is superior to the Stream though - everything just feels solid ...
Important Tip When Installing Office 365
Its a great little laptop
Great computer for web browsing, Buy from Microsoft for no crapware.
Not amazing but good for the price.
Worth the price
Gorgeous Awesome Blue HP Stream 11"- LOVE IT!!
Great, cheap laptop to meet basic needs
Small, light, fast boot, but not much storage. It's for cloud use mostly.
Windows 10 won't install - not for the casual user.
Buy This Computer.
Hp laptop
Works Great! It took some time for me to get ...
I thought I was prepared
Great for the price.
Excellent Value Performance and Quality Wise
good for small jobs, mine was broken.
It great.. Just has minor issues
Good computer for the computer-illiterate
Great as my secondary laptop for traveling
A great affordable computing option likely to suit most users
Great Value, Exceeds Expectations
An impressive entry level laptop that gets the job done if you don't ask too much of it.
Cute little notebook
Amazing! Love it!!
I rate this, "Keeping it".
HP Stream is AWESOME!
Perfect for students
very nice color lightweight CONS
No Regrets on this Purchase
It's wonderful. With a few exceptions
Very good quality. Used 12 seconds form boot screen to ...
Great laptop. Phenomenal value
The quality and speed are appalling. Going straight back
I have a 1TB Drive hooked up to this
Totally silent, no fan and a decent SSD for $200, buy it
Not worth the $200. Definitely didnt get what i paid for
Don't be fooled by free windows 10 upgrade....
Love This Product!!!!!
I've used it for a few weeks and have been very happy with it
EXCELLENT quality for the money!
Excellent for the price.
... this out at a store and thought it was great, but make sure you purchase the Microsoft Signature ...
The free Office 365 is easy to load
Remembering why I love HPs
It is a pretty good laptop to use
Wife is gonna love this!
Pleased
I satisfied with my HP Laptop
best notebook you can find for $200
I own this computer and it runs better then my cousins Acer and their larger HP
Ok for light duty
Five Stars
Cute but meh
perfect student laptop
I like so much about this laptop -- it's not my ...
great product!
Nice PC at an affordable price
easy to carry
sent invalid office 365 key
Two Stars
One of the best laptops I've ever used
Exceeded my expectations !
For the price it is the best value.
Wonderful product
I love this! I was questioning it due to needing ...
I love this little notebook
I am using these in a classroom with 3rd graders so the keyboard size will be perfect and you can't beat the price
Three Stars
Don't waste your money
Awesome Windows OS Laptop that cost far less and looks great!
Good performance for a simple, low cost laptop.
Good Laptop small problems
Great For Streaming
Good investment- for light computer users
Dead after 4 Months - Warranty  is 90 days - Get what you pay for!
kept breaking
luvvvvvvvvvvv it
DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER
It's super lightweight, got a battery life of maybe 6 ...
The free year of Office Personal and MS storage makes this a great value. Windows 8
with a big enough screen so she could see it easily and have a full size keyboard
Beautiful and Easy to Use
Great
This is a pretty solid laptop and can't be beat for the price
Five Stars
That is very nice pc for me
Great for School!
Great quality product
Not Enough Space
Perfect for my Writing
Perfect for all your basic laptop needs!
This is my dream computer
It does the job. Inexpensive and portable, just ...
Worth it
Perfect for a student!
Good for casual use
... impression is a beautyfull laptop this orchid color is fantastic for me
A Small but Efficient Laptop
A good buy, but buy a mouse to avoid touch pad frustration.
I don't know why everyone complains about the add-on software. Battery not reliable over long term.
Love this little HP Stream 11 Laptop computer
I would not recommend it to someone who knows little about computers
Amazon is Amazing!!!
Great lightweight laptop!
Huge Bang for the Buck!!
Probably the best alternative to a Chromebook in the same price range.
NOT FOR ME
overall great product, a few minor flaws
but I'm already in LOVE!!
It's Pretty decent. It has all the functionality of a ...
My HP Stream 13 Laptop
Excellent Machine for the money
Beautiful Laptop!
Great value for the price
Good laptop
This a great laptop, for what you pay
It was good for the 1st month but I've used mine for ...
So far so good - just purchased
Basic computing on a budget
Very good quality. I think the concerns over the installed ...
Caution Careful about updateing to windows 10
The computer is fine. 32GB is very small for HD
Laptop is great; service sucks
A lot of Bang for your Buck
Good Purchase
This is a cute little notebook and it's great for surfing the web
Great notebook for school, poor amount of memory storage
Perfect small machine!
Short Lived Laptop
You will not be sorry!
love this little thing
i love this thing
Five Stars
Well worth the buy
HP Stream 11 is great
Upgraded to Windows 10
Nice portable Laptop
Great performer for the price!  Blows away a similarly spec'd Chromebook.
didn't last long
Great price
It is amazingly fast and very easy to use
You won't find another laptop of this quality for a better price.
Perfect..except buzzing sound?
Love the laptop 13
Zero stars!
WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME, SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A CHROME BOOK
Am so happy I got this laptop
No bling but great for me.
Great computer. I originally bought it for myself to ...
Very disappointed, not sure what to do with this item.
Great laptop!
HP Stream is a long life portable
Five Stars
Does Not Cooperate With Simple Actions
... have owned many laptops and HP is definitely the best. It is very good as far as memory
Should have spent more for a better product
I love this computer
Great for what it is--don't expect more
Love it!!
Efficient HP Laptop
Only get for kids!
Good little computer
Five Stars
Child Proof for sure
Five Stars
DISAPPOINTED..
Wouldn't recommend unless you love having NO space!
It's ok- you are stuck with Windpws 8!!!
Did'nt like this computer it was very flimsy
Five Stars
It's amazing speed and stability despite using a celeron
Absolutely wonderful little computer
Four Stars
Great buy!
I've had this for about a week and my family ...
slow and crash the first time
Internet connection always intermittent
Perfect basic laptop. Excellent value.
Nice and small
good
It is so beautiful, small and very light
Need more space
Great laptop for the price
Five Stars
Service is excellent. I have had the laptop for about a ...
Very pleased!!
Good device but missing parts.
... lot of research and this is by far the best laptop in this price range
i got this from wal mart its a good computer for 2 hundo but i dont like it ...
Great Entry-Level Laptop
Surprisingly Capable
Setup was easy (though I am ex-IT)
GREAT PRODUCT
Just right for my Middle school Daughter or the travel ...
Worth a Tumble
Nice little computer for good price!
Hit add to cart and be happy!
Fine for simple tasks, not for photo or music libraries
I like the machine nice and light and a good internet ...
Perfect for College
enjoy this little laptop
Fantastic. Runs beautifully
great product
I love my new laptop
Worth it
Great for browsing
Great starter laptop for the price
I like this laptop a lot
Cute little pc
I Love this Mini Computer
great laptop
Perfect for College Students
Good for the Money
Non-technical review - This is SLOW and there is no way to add memory
HP Stream 13 Review
Replace the wireless card with an Dual Band AC wireless card
Fine travel computer, but don't use it as your primary computer
Excellent Value
Although I would not recommend using this laptop as a primary computer for a ...
WONDERFUL SURPRISES...Helpful Details to Read
A Solid Buy for the Price
You Get What You Pay For
Adequate entry level laptop for non-intensive users; Mediocre support services from HP
GREAT LAPTOP!!!
You get what you pay for but its worth it!
Nice little laptop!
An Awesome Machine! Beyond My Expectations!
A surprisingly good laptop for the (surprisingly low) price
Good for the price
This is an eye-catching and versatile notebook computer.
best laptop ever
Great and speedy for basics
love
STAY AWAY.
Don't Get this Laptop
Really like it it arrived quick no problems as advertised
If you don't run Windows apps, consider a Chromebook
Excellent Laptop/Internet Appliance
neat little computer
Sets up instantly!
Great for Students
I'd say I'm pretty impressed overall with the product and with amazon
Travel Buddy
... received notice that my office 365 is not any good anymore. I bought this computer August 21 so ...
Died within 2 hours of use
Fortunately, my daughter liked the blue
This was PERFECT for my needs
This can be a great machine for the right job! Really like it.
It's a Mostly Good Laptop with a Meh OS
Great for the price
Poorly thought out, poorly executed, mostly worthless.
Fun little sports car of a computer!
... in Singapore 13 days ahead of scheduled date in perfect order. Laptop lags at times but can't complain
Great for teen.
Good find
Big disappointment, didn't turn on after 3rd day
Just what we needed
Liked it until it died.
It's great, although the year of Microsoft 365 kept asking ...
I am very happy with this computer
Good for the price
You get a lot more than what you pay for
It's better than I thought it would be.
The best laptop for my needs
Great machine for light everyday use!
Budget Laptop, Essentials Only, No Mess
where is the signature series?
this one has better processing power and RAM
Great value
Great starter computer
Works great! Very cute and compact
Quicker and more response than I hoped.
Best cheap laptop; alternative to chromebook
I love it! But I wish I knew more about ...
Came with antivirus for like a month
Really nice computer...excellent price!
good laptop
$199 is a great price. Great keyboard
Very pleased
Flaky!
Computer arrived quickly and was easy to set up
Great computer for the money
So perfect for the basics
great product
HP Stream 13
Very bad laptop, but I gave it two stars because of the low price
Great little laptop, You definitely get more than you pay for.
Big Problems Somewhere Between the Stream and Windows 10
Adjust expectations, enjoy a cool, light, laptop.
Incredibly affordable. Totally productive
Just loving it!!!
be super careful using the mouse pad or you'll zoom in ...
outstanding!
It's pink!
Worst Amazon purchase ever.
Pay Attention to What You're Buying!
ok computer
liking the gift
Love this laptop
Keyboard doesn't work. Won't type anything after only 6 months with minimal use.
My daughter has this laptop and uses it for High ...
HELLA GR8
Perfect PC
Perfect for school.
Good deal for the money
I am in love with the color
Don't let the cuteness fool ya!
Not great, runs slowly
LOVE LOVE LOVE THE COBALT BLUE (and the rounded edges, its light weight, etc.)
Nice little laptop
I love it
i absolutely love my new netbook
Wow.
Works ok for surfing the web
... with half these people on here complaining this is awesome very pleased thank you again I recommend this to ...
HP Stream 11 is a Blues Traveller.
Good for school and writing papers but don't download windows ...
Disappointed
good unit for the money
i am not happy with the laptop
I love the looks
About what I expected.  Update:  Less than I expected.
nice computer with that price
CANNOT upgrade to Windows 10, not enough HD capacity
Works great!!!
One Star
1 Sucks. I've returned it
You get more than what you pay for in some aspects!
This product was delivered on July 17th and worked fine for about 4-5 weeks even after I suffered some ...
Horrible
Compact but amazing
Awesome laptop!!
Great laptop
Worse laptop that I have ever had.
Perfect laptop for me :)
Real OS is great. (I upgraded now to Windows 10
I love how lightweight it is
I spoke with HP about this and the best they could recommend was to do a hard reset ...
Great price.
I have had bad experiences with HP products in the past and should ...
Great for Ubuntu 14.04.3 LTS clean install
Pretty good.
Good little package for the price.
Great little laptop for everyday use
Heats up quickly despite low power processor and flash memory ...
Good for the price.
Hey I have a question can you download iTunes on ...
Awesome Laptop, Awesome Price
Great laptop for my basic needs
This laptop was worth every penny! I use it ...
Love my laptop
This beats every tablet including the gold standard! Insane battery life!
Solid laptop for all school ages - Buy and be happy!
She said it runs excellent. She loves it for just jumping on the ...
Good for light users...
One of the better laptops for under $250
PERFECT "Traveller", Great Price Point, Nice Extras and it Looks FANTASTIC!
Great portable laptop for on the go: from an IT Professional
I like it a lot
Boots up super quick, it's light as can be
I'm happy with this : D
Super Value Laptop
So much better than SURFACE
Great laptop for a great price
Not that great of a computer...
Disappointing
Perfect for a pre-teen needing a laptop
HP Stream--great beginner laptop for kids
Great computer for the price
Love my new Stream 11 Laptop
Perfect if you don't need a huge laptop with a ...
really good,cheap laptop....5 starripples!!
Great Basic Computer (Made better with MS Office!)
Blew Away My Expectations
Solid computer, has some issues with Linux although Ubuntu 14.10 is running well
It's cute, the price was right. But If ...
Disappointed, now I need to deal with HP's tech ...
WARNING
For the price this can't be beat. For email ...
Perfect for students
I love this little lap top
AWESOME PC
Nice for casual users
Blue Book
Great websurfing laptop.
One Star
Great
I cant type very fast on it comfortably. It also does not heat up easily
It's her favourite thing she owns
Wouldn't Recomend
I only purchased this within three months, the network ...
buy it, no worries
More Versatile than Chromebook!
Great
Don't waste your money
The two USB ports are a good asset, as is the HDMI port
Really wanted to like it.
pros great computer low duty gaming like online games they have ...
wonderful laptop
and if you're like me and you don't have any patience
Good for the price
It is a very excellent devise. You can not move very quickly other ...
HP Stream 11 is Awesome!!!
Solid for the price
I love it! I needed a computer to check my ...
GREAT BUY
Great beginners computer
I love it! It's everything that I expected it to ...
Great for teens
HP Stream 13.3 Inch Laptop Review
Good for the Novice and Children
Awesome laptop!
It's not an Air, but it's not bad (for 800 bucks less)
Very happy with my itty bitty laptop
I love this computer!
Digging this little beast
Pretty But Not Practical
Arrived in good condition with no damages the laptop
Great item, great price
The computer is great and perfect for travel size
Good Basic PC, Could be Faster
19.5 volts. Really??
Four Stars
Just ok
GREAT LAPTOP
Great computer
HP STREAM 11
Inexpensive access to full Office suite
Great value if your needs are modest!
Great little laptop purchased it for my daughter who is ...
Really light and beautiful but had flaws
Laptop
nice little computer does not handle falling 12 inches or ...
Meh.  Its okay I guess.
and I have enjoyed them. I was very interested to see how ...
(Updated Aug 16, 2015) My very fuchsia computer
Worth every penny!
Very well for the price. Purchase a Thumb drive or Full SD card with purchase.
The pre-installed software is really nice. the hardware and other parts is also great
I love this little light weight thingðŸŒ¸ super fast
Blah, it's basic.
I'm having problems after only one month!!!!
At an affordable price this is a great present for someone. Great First Laptop.
HP Consistently Reliable For My Family.
60 year old user gives review...
Can't beat it for the price!
Great for its intended use
Good Deal
Five Stars
a great laptop
Fast shipping and amazing price.
Great laptop but horrible WIFI chipset!
Five Stars
Four Stars
fantastic buy!
It is What it Is
I got this notebook and retired my Chromebook to the guest room for them to use
Small, portable device
So far so good! UPDATE: WORST PURCHASE EVER, DO NOT BUY
Not in a happy place.
Update,update,update!
... have sent a defect one but they were also nice to exchange for another new one
So far has been realy good.
Really smaller than I expected but besides that I love the look and the color and set up was ...
a great device. This laptop is a gift for someone ...
Great for Internet use only
he laptop was a total disappointment! The (Enter) key did not work
Learning to Love It! beautiful, solid, makes me dizzy with new format
Love it!!!
the worst!!
Good, but still areas for improvement...
Five Stars
thanks
This is the perfect, "back to school"
Trackpad is by far the worst I ever used - sometimes it works
This laptop is not good quality at all
Excellent
Solid Machine, Excellent Price
The wireless receiver apparently is known to be bad in this particular model
Five Stars
Laptop works great just buy a good anti virus system but it ...
Too slow for busy internet users.
Technical Issues
Pretty but cheap
Love my new computer!
Even without media, not enough space
Five Stars
Cool Laptop with the best PPV ever
I love the laptop I'm so glad that i bought it ...
Highly recommend.
Using Google Drive/doc instead of Microsoft Word
Love it, love it, great for the crafter!
Happy Customer
Five Stars
This PC is great for that
Works Well for 70+ Yr Old Mother/Grandmother!
Four Stars
Granddaughter happy - she wanted it I got it for her
Ok
Ehh..  Not for gaming by any means.
Awesome little machine
Wi-Fi no bueno
Gets the job done well! Well worth the money.
I received it yesterday and I must say I like it so far
Great value!
Great computer for a great price!
Awesome for the money
Five Stars
Minimal Storage Space, Not Worth the $
Like all the other reviews said
I love it still playing with it to figure it all ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good College laptop
Great computer!
Returned it after one day.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice starter laptop for middle school / high school
Small with a big personality!
The perfect alternative to expensive Ipads and Surfaces
My wife is happy, therefore everybody's happy.
Very nice color and feel
Love this computer
Four Stars
2 months old and headed for a repair shop
So far I absolutely love my new Hp Stream Laptop
Overall, a "Good" laptop
Love My HP Stream
Met expectations! The price was right!
Five Stars
Great if you just want to surf the web
Great computer for my 10-year old son
Lemon
Great budget laptop
A Good Buy for moderate use.
The computer is great for the price and for average computer use
Four Stars
great laptop for the price
Great PC at a Great Price
I've always been a Mac person but I love this little computer
So far I am really happy with this computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Big Functional Bang for the Buck!
very easy to type on keyboard
It's just enough computer for her although she needs to tone down the graphics requirements for games like Minecraft. The trackp
Terrible, terrible computer and waste of money!
This laptop is sturdy and is not cheaply built
Five Stars
great laptop buy it!
I like it.
Damaged
Oh yes.
awesomeness
She loved the color scheme
Best laptop for everyday use (internet surfing
so good - runs quietly
Save Your Money!!
Great buy!!
Good for People on the GO
Fantastic value. Extremely light and slim. Low storage space.
Great machine for the price
A good unit for run of the mill activities
A good buy!
Five Stars
Great laptop
Limited stroage
Beautiful product, lightweight, perfect for a light computer user
Slow, Garbage
Five Stars
Disappointed
Nice laptop
College ready!
Graduate student who needed a quick laptop
Nice
The integrated wireless card is crap and keeps dropping the signal to my router
Pretty but Disappointed
HP Stream 11.6-inch Laptop
Complete waste of your time and money
Basic....
Five Stars
Four Stars
Had to Return. Good First Laptop but actually not that great
So Nice, I Bought Two
Problems with minecraft on this computer.
GREAT, especially for price!
Great for a Linux install
You Get What You Pay For
... cloud commuting system for about two months and its great! No virus
Surprisingly high quality for the price.
Awful!
Five Stars
I love this laptop would definitely recommend
Five Stars
you get what you pay for
Won't stream in Firefox
Overall met my expectations and more
Five Stars
Pretty
Great buy for a great price!
This is absolutely the best computer for my daughter
Overall satisfactory, screen could have been better..
My travel laptop!
Not worth the money, even when its this cheap!
Made me glad I didn't get a Chromebook
Faulty power button
Do not buy
It is what it is and it works perfect for me
perfect for me
The price was right. A totally affordable, functional ...
I really WANTED to love this laptop!
I love this laptop
... read the positive reviews and ordered this product with good intentions. worst decision ever
Five Stars
At this price point and entry into laptops this unit is worth the investment.
HP Stream
I guess I got a lemon...
Cute and Convenient!
Go for it!
Not much available disk space
Light, fast, handy little machine
a month and a half later, completely UNUSABLE.
nice laptop
A perfect review for people who want's to buy a laptop
Great for internet browsing/school
HP Laptop
Best buy I've ever made! Succeeds with all my needs(:
Nice laptop for student!
Great Laptop for back to school use and light work ...
All I need, why pay for features your not going to use
good with linux
Had to return
Very disappointed I could not get this computer at the same ...
Good Machine for everyday office work
Disappointed (slow, unresponsive touchpad, etc)
Fantastic value, Windows convenience at a Chromebook price
A Great Buy, and yet Great Quality!
Great laptop! They even sent it abroad
11" Laptop
Five Stars
It is relatively easy to move files to and from this computer
Do not buy!!
Awesome!
Perfect for Middle School
Four Stars
Gets the job done!
Great buy...
WORTH THE BUY!!!!!
Delightful mini laptop
It is good for minimal use (watching movies
I regret to disagree with the many fine reviews but I found the installed software too complicated ...
Nice lightweight option.
very pleased
Total waste of money....
light weight laptop for business and this laptop did not disappoint. What put it over the top from the ...
Great Laptop - Small and Light
Absolutely worth it! This was what we were waiting for.
Incredible value for money
I do believe that it is best for students that have to carry a lot of ...
Great for the price
Love my laptop
Great with two little drwbacks
Great little laptop for its price
Nice little unit.
Think about storage differently
Not enough storage.....
It's really pretty. Works really well
Black Screen of Death
Great PC for the price
I TOTALLY LOVE THIS MACHINE!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
The color is pretty. I bought this for my dad as his ...
Absolute Junk
NICE
So light indeed
Love it!
You can't do much with it.
F- YOU HP!!!!
good for the price!
Love, windows 10 effects.
It takes me like 5 minutes to move around and now I can't ...
perfect I can download I tunes
Orchid Magenta is the better choice
this was a great chap pc
Five Stars
Happy with my laptop!
Computer is not as described in pictures.It is purple pinkish color but theres a few things that are not true.
I am very happy with this purchase and I dont think you can ...
Works for me
It's okay, but...
Love the laptop
My wife loves it
Best Buy
Some screen issues! But the rest is great
Looks expensive & runs fast
Can't download Microsoft 10, not enough space. Called ...
Five Stars
please uninstall bloatware for best performance + space etc
Five Stars
Very pleased with this purchase
Think twice if  sd and hdmi ports are necessary to you
This is a great laptop. Not only is it great for the ...
Blue HP Gave Me the Blues!!
One Star
I recommend this laptop
Five Stars
Four Stars
It's great for the cost, it does what its made for which is school/work related tasks.
Nice Basic Laptop for a Great Price.
I didn't realize it uses cloud memory so the Memory ...
OK laptop for going to class and checking emails.
It's cheap and you get what you pay for
Great Product, Great Price.
Great student laptop
Exactly what I wanted.
and love them! One was for our teenage son and ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
fits perfectly and so adorable. The computer is fast on the internet which ...
Not bad for 200 bucks at all
Great Choice
HP 13.3 stream laptop--blue
Great handy device
Four Stars
Five Stars
Amazing value
Every one should buy this pc and I love it it's perfect and has everything at first at ...
It's a great product and I am pleased with it
I fell in love with it at first sight
NO MEMORY, almost useless
Great for basic users!
Great buy!
Works kind of good as it is wi-fi on a Black Hawk router
Performs well for a laptop that looks good and is compact [she prefers smaller] especially for the ...
HP laptop.I will buy another over again!
Good Value
Five Stars
Keyboard issues
So far so good. I purchased this a month ago
and sturdy. I recommend getting a separate USB mouse (about ...
Great laptop for the price
It's a great laptop for the price
Pretty is not how pretty does
this isn't a bad laptop.
Not Worth it.
YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.
All Flash No Substance
It's light weight and so far it's great. I use google docs on it for my ...
A Fun and Light Laptop for Email/Office/Web
So far so good for the price
decent product for price
Great size for college
Five Stars
The down-arrow key in the first one that was delivered ...
my daughter feel in love with it
AMAZING!
no cd dvd rom
Great little computer
Very pleased!
Ugghh...Like a chromebook
Five Stars
Good enough!
pretty sweet package for the price
a lot of great features with few flaws
love it!
Handy laptop computer
Five Stars
software mismatch
Good Deal
already used item
Five Stars
LOVE It!
I purchased this little laptop to replace my old laptop ...
UPDATED REVIEW
Very Good Buy
Great netbook!!
Five Stars
Perfect
Best inexpensive Computer
I would really like to give this product a 5 star but I ...
all around perfect
Oh so AWESOME! I bought this because I needed to access ...
It was super easy to set up and it was able to ...
Awesome laptop for the money
Great, and will continue getting HP products
Buy one before they are sold out
Five Stars
Cute bright laptop with serious limitations - but fine for basic low-CPU-load work
Fair price for a good product although it is a bit slow
Good for the price
One Star
Five Stars
It took me an entire day to get all the ...
Five Stars
The HP Stream actually exceeded expectations. I had done ...
Five Stars
Love it!!
Bad deal!
Five Stars
One fine product
take off all the stupid bloat ware and its not too bad
SLOW Computer
The HP stream 13 laptop is amazing. It is fast and it is great quality ...
Possible defective battery.
Love it
Help
Great Laptop!
like tablet trying to run Office Suite
Very good for presentations, conferences or meetings!
This is a nice, functional
This is the best laptop ever
I loved this computer at first
great laptop for everyone!
I liked the laptop much
Great Computer for Anyone
Best decision ever
fast and easy to use - great price
Not bad for the price
HP stream 11 revew
Bad experience
It gets dirty rather quickly so I wouldn't get it in a ...
Beautiful laptop
It's okay...
Four Stars
My 13 year old very happy..
Four Stars
You get what you pay for
works fine so far, not sure for how long,cover feels cheap as well, like plastic which will crack
Product great, color scheme up to taste!
I feel like I'm 100 years old trying to learn how to ...
Terribly slow
Memories... as the colors of my mind
Wireless dead on arrival :'(
Exactly what we wanted!
HP Stream 13
Great Laptop!
One Star
great
love this laptop
Great laptop
Total Junk. Avoid!
5 star value/3 star category=4star overall
BUY IT, YOU WONT REGRET IT!
Laptop functions OK. The trackpad is godawful, lots ...
The Dream Stream
This computer is super awesome!
Unbeatable for the price!
BEWARE. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR IN THIS MACHINE.
Great little laptop
Five Stars
Great starter P C for a student.
Its okay. I use it mostly for email and travel planning.
Cute little notebook :)
A little girl's dream.
I BOUGHT THE BLUE ONE!
Satisified
Great laptop for anyone on the go
nicr little computer
It's perfect. Smaller size makes it easily portable
Overall it's a good laptop, but the storage capacity is too small
Five Stars
Great and easy to use
Great small laptop
Great laptop
Better than I expected!
Buy an external memory!
It's great, for what it is
High-value chromebook competitor
Love my new HP stream...
Not enough space
Perfect for kids!
100x better than a Chromebook!
functional and portable
- very fast in booting - very responsive and fast after removing some software that was installed - wonderful color! - very ligh
Very disappointed. :(
Good price but slow to shut down
waste of my hard earned money.
Don't waste your money.
... color everything even the video & camera its really good because it captures everything very clearly im very please ...
Good deal!
I would not recommend it as a good buy because I'm now $250 ...
... the signature version without all the extras and I love it! small easy to travel with
Win!
Sorry not very happy for the price
so easy to take with him when he goes out
Software issues, could be better
If you are strapped for cash.
Good Things Really Do Come in Small Packages!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice tiny laptop for the price.
... the box but the rest of the computer is pretty speedy and great
Screen died after 3 months!
Great computer and great price
Pretty good for $ 200
I have had a lot of problems with this computer ...
Great product for more than just the price
Small, portable, and affordable
It's very nice.
Nice but malware
Four Stars
Five Stars
I was happy!!
It is a good quality laptop
I bought two of these and one worked great with no problems and the other died after 2 ...
Buy it! It's worth it!
It has a great battery life and it came with microsoft office which ...
Amazing small laptop
Great for travel!
Not true to color
It is beautiful and functional and has everything she needs without the ...
Great
Good laptop if without bloatware.
For the money, it's unbeatable. Bought mine directly ...
Great Buy!
Perfect size, weight and price
Everything I wanted!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect!
Perfect
Very happy with this laptop
So far so good. Bought for my daughter as a birthday gift- ...
it is good product I like the color but the only problem ...
I absolutely love it! It's small and light so it's easy ...
Windows vs Chromebook - No comparison. The best Ultrabudget laptop this year.
Nice basic computer for basic functions such as surfing the ...
Perfect for intended use
Hidden icons at both edges of screen (such as clock and settings icons) unnecessarily follow cursor movement
Recommend this
Great laptop
stream vs chromebook
Great laptop!
Great computer for the price.
The computer is great came on time
I love HP products and I love the price on this
Other than that great little computer
Love this laptop
It wasn't new!
... this for my 6 year old and it is perfect for her
Amazing!
32GB Stream Can't Load Win10
good buy @ great price
Love it so far
Perfect laptop
The type pad and screen are a little smaller than I prefer and the touch pad not quite as sensitive as I would like. No place fo
Love it!
I'm In Love
Perfect for college students like me
Great little
The track pad was also super unresponsive as mentioned in other reviews
The computer is inexpensive which I realized however the mouse ...
left wondering
Great Notebook Laptop for the price
This laptop rocks!
Very good laptop for kids
While the price is great, the screen is not as bright as I ...
This does the job and my daughter seems to like it. It was a graduation gift so we ...
the track pad is not good and the display quality was below average and its ...
I do not like particularly this laptop but matches perfectly my needs
This is a great laptop! Lightweight
Good value for the money but bluetooth issues.
So far so good. I love the lightness and color
This is great for surfing the web and facebook and emailing
Wireless adapter is terrible
Great birthday gift.
Still learning it
Quiet and Cool Running. Incredible Value.
It's very lightweight and a beautiful design cosmetically
Great Buy!
I love this laptop
Too weak to be good for anyting at all.
its a great little computer but have been have major issues with ...
i love this lab top but i would have love to ...
So far so good. The McAfee antivirus let in 19 pieces of ...
Everything I Need
Super Value in a Bargin Laptop
Cheap is what we get
Love the price and trust me it's worth it for ...
Gift that is loved!
Unfortunately my screen broke when the multimedia barely touched it ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
This thing is perfect! So lightweight
HP loaded this thing up with crap, just remove it
Got this laptop for my girlfriend and she loved it. Although I think it's alright for the ...
I love the size of this lap top how easy it ...
Expectations were exceeded
Nice laptop for students
Love this thing
Love this lap top
I just got my hp today and I love it already
Definitely a must buy
Great little laptop
Good for the price and gets the job done
comuter
Has slight stalling problem.
Four Stars
HP ... COOL
I love this laptop for general internet use
Nice laptop!
Computer was in very nice condition and works fine
I love the small size
Amazing value!!!!!
This is just perfect, I can carry it in my back pack ...
I really like the laptop
Good laptop for the price
All in all I am satisfied with the device
Great design. Lightweight. Long battery life.
Nice laptop for someone who plans on just using it ...
Perfect Size - Solid State Drive
Great laptop for home use
Buy Direct to get Warenty
Wonderful Gift!
It is a good cheap laptop
great computer AND service.
Dissapointed
Great Deal
Great computer for the price
She seems quite happy with it
Two Stars
Five Stars
LOVE IT!!!!!
I really love this laptop
Great product. It's small
Good value!
Solid starter laptop for kids
Easy to use except touch pad is either too sensitive ...
excellent
Nice Laptop!
Disappointed with this laptop
So far works well
Like the laptop but having problems with the MS Office ...
Cute and sassy but not a workhorse
Bought this as a gift and that person loves it ...
Wifi problems
Short battery life.........
THis is an excellent laptop for that sort of scenario
A great, light, low-cost laptop
Great for school!
to be short on this review this is an excellent product but with limitation
So far I'm very happy with this laptop
good
Loving it but....
For the price it runs well and it looks nice and the display is crisp
This should be subjected to the lemon law.
IThis is OK to be used in the U. ...
great for general use and web browsing/emails which is what ...
killer windows update
GREAT!!
it is great..
The key board is white and easy to see
I'm verry happy with this product
Portable computer with great performance, at a value price
AMAZING !!!
Excellent product, as long as you remember it's limitations
Great for the price for sure
Not the best...
Why was this one $30 more than the one I ordered only weeks before? Same exact product!
Great buy.
Great value - durable, and fast enough for school
So extremely happy! Was very excited to receive my laptop in ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent & Inexpensive
Exactly what i needed its small light and easy to carry around
good for schoolwork
IN LOVE WITH IT!!!
Great laptop for low price
Great computer for the price!
It was a great size and lightweight
Wonderful
Cute and efficient
EPIC
Good quality and value.
Windows 8 in the cloud, to much Info for everone to steal
it freezes sometimes (rarely) But besides that it's super fast! I was not sure about buying this ...
so far, so good
A little slow
More than awesome. Highly recommend
This is a great computer at a great price
Get the Orchid!
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's an alright laptop considering the price. I would ...
This has been a great little laptop for me when I'm going to meetings ...
Good first laptop.
BUY BUY BUY IF YOU ARE IN COLLEGE FREE OFFICE
Win 10 update coming?
Basic, Cheap, Gets the job done!
nice kids system
I read a lot of reviews first and I also compared this one to the other ones and I am very happy with my decision
full laptop in pink
This is a excellent buy!
I wish I would have purchased something with a little ...
Great for students!
Good computer for the price if you need Windows
The hp pink laptop have all the necessary material for ...
Great little computer for my high school daughter
thank God for cyber monday and good deals
but it works great. I have no complaints about my laptop
Worth it for the cost!
A Nice Little Computer for Personal Use
You don't get the gift card with this laptop, even though is says you do.
Nice for a simple computer to surf the web
great deal
Its a really good laptop and i have had a good time with ...
Purple Bliss
But it came in my favorite color and it's got an awsome battery life
We have a desktop too so this is just a nice addition for portability
Good laptop
Purchased in January as a birthday gift & it stopped ...
love the size and weight but when i got it ...
Not a good investment.
Pros screen good size, User friendly easy to carry
BUT a manual would be nice to help with explanation's
Needs a lot of work before it works like everyone says it is.
Perfect for Students
Great buy
Amazing Product!
Help me or refund me, please!?!?????
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect laptop for students
But I love it so far
Great laptop
Great travel & light weight
Very Satisfied Customer!
BUYER BEWARE, NOT A GOOD COMPANY FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
This is a good computer that is inexpensive
Great Laptop
The speed is very good, quality of picture is amazing
The computer itself is excellent and as soon as I find the best Start ...
Camera is kinda bad but everything else is ok
Would def recommend!
better than my current laptop
Keyboard shot after 8 months!!
If / when you upgrade to windows 10 - note ...
Buyer beware
Super fast and light weight
Wonderful laptop for teens and their schoolwork
Storage size is disappointing
It's perfect for the online college courses I'm taking
I love this computer
Excellent computer for price. Unbelievable battery power.
love HP
SO far so good; however
Really like my laptop
I love my laptop I use it for my online classes
... kids' school papers and daily household uses -- it's perfect! Light
Mousepad.. :-/
Perfect for me
Perfect for what I need
and she says its easy to use
Low storage capacity
Perfect for the basic computer
Good Deal
Good buy
Great for the price, does the job well.
Perfect for work and school and I am going to ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Did not have Network Adapter Drivers
Nice alternative to a Chromebook
arrived perfect no problems
you get on a website like Amazon. com and it goes off
My girlfriend loves it! And my brother took all ...
Good little laptop for a student on a budget
Good product for the price
Great Little Computer
Good not great
Great on the go laptop
Good for small personal use
While my wife is not a computer person, see ...
It is a shame corporate America thinks it's ok to ...
Love this little cute thing right here
I love my new Chrome Book
Love it. Just tiny.
Dissapointed
Buy a mouse to use with it
HP Stream 13" + Nokia Lumia 625= Happy customer :)
this is good. The Microsoft Office does not function as it ...
Love it! Easy to use
Works well and worth the price!
My daughter now treats this little notebook as her treasure ...
it is super! Great deal for the price
Super cute. I didn't realize how small it was ...
They're great. I had to uninstall quite a but of ...
Perfect for daily routine
I love it. Its sleek
She seems to be really enjoying it as it is very easy to use
this mini laptop is amazing! Looks great
Nice for the price...
good knock-a-bout computer
Great Computer
Great little machine!
thanks for this
Five Stars
Four Stars
I Love My Laptop
Cheap net book.
AWESOME!!!
Good design and light weight
I Love That It Came In Pink Although Green Is My ...
You'll Love It
Screen resolution is pretty good. The actual product color is a lot ...
LOVE IT!!!!
I hate trying to help her with it though because the ...
so far this computer is all I need I really ...
perfect size, and speed are all great
IT so nice looking practical and work fabulously
Very good reviews. Bought for my Son's B'day
Lightweight, holds a charge well. The space bar ...
soft touch is not so good. but good price for me
I am a grad student who needs to carry my ...
This was a gift for my niece and she loves ...
Great Economic Computer.
Great computer just wish my 1 day shipping didn't take ...
impressive!
She loved it, easy to navigate for her or anyone
Good but could be better
25$ gift card does work
HP Stream <3 !
The perfect machine for the money.
Very nice.
... to use the cloud for storage then it's a great deal. The battery lasts many hours
I should spend a little more on something better.
Bought this Item for my granddaughter for Xmas & her ...
Just what we needed.
Truly disappointed me.
Don't like the touch pad
decent for the price point.
A beauty
Excellent value.
Great little laptop
Laptop works great. Super fast
dosent have a lot of space on the hard drive but it does just fine for what my daughter needs it for
Very good computer, recommended for kids or teens who just ...
Very usable Windows laptop at a low price.
usually a Mac person; trying out this HP/Windows device ...
Good Starter Computer
HP is always good.
Good for Basic Computing
Great Compact Computer with the Big Processers.
I like HP laptop i got for my husband
You get a whole lot more than what you pay for!
Great product
I like this lap top but it was full of pop ...
Budget friendly solution
Does everything as advertised, but it just seems a ...
Great tablet for on the go
Couldn't be a better fit, besides and excellent price
Its pretty good. The windows 8 is super annoying though
Great Laptop
The mouse pad on this laptop is not as great as other laptops I've had
Gosh I love this computer
I could update Windows 10 with this PC successfully! ...
Very good for occasional use.
Awesome laptop. I brought it as a christmas present ...
So far the HP stream 11 is so much fun and so easy to store everything
I would recommend this laptop for everyone
Its reasonable
Neh. Could be better...
Worth its price
We really enjoy the Stream
I have for years thought I would hate having a laptop
When I received it and tried to download my data ...
Excellent little computer for college student
Good but no memory
Good Start Laptop
... use a mouse with this laptop and you will LOVE it. Don't buy a mouse and use the ...
Converted from my Chrome Book!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Substandard Product
Save your money
Huge disappointment. Money wasted
only good for internet
A quality 13-incher
The price was great and I love the color
Love it
Very happy with this product
Excellent quality at an incredible price
A really nice smaller machine that easy to handle and works very ...
good laptop
Was very easy to set up
just did not disclose the fine print.
CHARGER NOT WORKING!!!!!!!!
Very good.
I bought this for my son and I'm kind of ...
Great little laptop
It's ok but should spent more money and got the ...
im in love with this
Awesome lap top
She love the speed
It works great, arrived on time
Good laptop for the price
don't do it
Love this little computer
I am able to type papers on the go comfortably.
even at such a good buy.
Greatest gift that could be given to a graduating teen
brilliant color, not heavy
LOVE, LOVE
Very slow, but great price
It was super fast when I first got it
Great little netbook for the money
It's easy to use and I trust it to be durable
It's easy to use and I trust it to be durable
Loved the light weight and durability of the unit
Great buy
Highly Recommend!
Again this item was purchased for my eight year old ...
HP Stream 13" Laptop
great little computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
#WorthTheBuy
Low hardrive space is an issue. although you can ...
One for me, one for you!
Got this for my 13 year old for school work ...
Best Laptop I had so far.
best laptop ever!
Perfect for travel.
Well worth buying.
it's a good value. My only complaint is that the touchpad ...
HP Laptop
A good purchase if you're looking for something very basic
Maybe 2 Years ?
I don't like that you can't add more RAM
Great!
Love this computer for the price
Perfect for web browsing
but good performance.
Five Stars
great gift
great little computer for the price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good laptop. It's fast and I've had no problems ...
I love my little computer
Ehh
mediocre at best
This computer is amazing, even with such low specs
Great for what I'm using it for
Works pretty slow though
Great little laptop
well worth it!
The picture quality is horrible. Otherwise works great and
Low Price / Great Laptop
DON'T BUY HP EVER!!
and it's easy to use
cute but not a good
Great computer! Like it better than my old computer
Great laptops!
Beautiful laptop. Love the size and the color
This purchase was perfect the computer even came with Mircosoft Office
great product for the price.
I've had this less than 6 months and have already ...
but it is a good little computer
3 Reasons to buy this!
Love it. Its very light
This item arrived right on time and my son had ...
Terrible Computer
Great for students, lightweight, easy to transport
Durable and lightweight.. Who knew !
Was easy to connect to home system
Excellent Seller and excellent piece of advise everyone by this ...
HP got it right with this one...!
I loved it! It' so good
It is the perfect size and performs well for her needs
I love it so much
Fantastic Buy
One Star
Five Stars
Great price. Perfect for students
This is a fabulous machine and I just recommended it to a friend of mine
... husband and I both have these computers and absolutely love them! They are super light
I love the size and ease of using it
HP Stream 11
Really great little unit
Good.
Five Stars
Two Stars
Very happy with this laptop
Great value for the money!
Very nice laptop. My only complaint is the buzzing sound ...
Deal for the price
Love the color
Awesome price, great product
Great!
Perfect as a gift too
that good enough if you dont use a hard program (ex
Perfect. I paid 200 so not expecting the best ...
Nicely appointed system; very portable
Four Stars
Five Stars
This is a nice laptop. It came even before the delivery date
Great little laptop
worth the money.
Omg Perfect little computer for me to carry around with me
Wonderful buy for the price it suits my needs and ...
Absolute piece of crap! Can't even hold Windows 10
I like my laptop of course there are pros and cons
Love this computer i am writing my review from it
If I could give it 0 stars I would. ...
Four Stars
I love that it is very light and compact
... and just set it up but so far so good. Good value and works well for what I ...
I'm a happy customer!
I love the colors and the keyboard is soo cute and ...
Good for the money.
Slow processor
Sucks.
Great laptop for the price
A good little laptop
I like the laptop but it does his own thing
Love it. Small on data
Can't beat it! I might buy myself one.
Perfect for my son to web surf and play games
Good laptop
Awesome little laptop!
Great value!
Love the laptop
My mistake.
Enjoy the light weight easy use laptop
You get what you pay for, so no real ...
A good buy
Very light and easy to use
CUTE IS ONLY SKIN DEEP
Affordable, Slick, and Great Battery!
Five Stars
Good afternoon I received the laptop hp but I had ...
This is a great computer for the price and size
Good price.
hated it. hated everything about it
great product
Awesome blue!
I like it, i just learned that I'm not a ...
Three Stars
Great Granddaughter Gift!
Works great for emails
Four Stars
Fast!
I love this laptop
Works fine...
Highly recommended
great buy
very nice, and affordable
Love it. Perfect for what I need
I love the size
Starts up in 0 sec.
cool
Five Stars
Five Stars
Quick and easy to set up
Great laptop for the price
great value
Great laptop for the money
One Star
... was nervous to switch to Windows 8 but I LOVE THIS COMPUTER
cheapest great deal on the market in computing
Horrible- only 2GB free space!
Love it! Great deal and price
Great buy
Five Stars
I am very happy with my stream laptop
Five Stars
Wouldn't buy it again, what you see is what you get
Three Stars
the size is just right
For the money, this laptop cannot be beat - ...
Great Value!!
you cant redeem the gift card ive had it for ...
One Star
Two Stars
Mom is happy!
Great Laptop
the hp stream laptop is great i love it
Five Stars
12 hours Of battery
Good for Email
Four Stars
Both Thumbs UP!
slow
Great laptop for the price
Very happy with it
with a long-lasting battery and plenty of power for things like watching Amazon videos
Very nice little machine.
Arrived in good time. Works great for everything I need it ...
Five Stars
Happy customer
great deal and a great present
She's happy, I'm happy
Four Stars
Four Stars
Hp, Has,Always Been My Preferred Choice In PC's
i like it!
Was a gift for my daughter she is very happy with this laptop
Five Stars
Its my first one and I am finding it very easy to use
Spanish Keyboard?!?
small storage
Can't do much with it.
Five Stars
Four Stars
The laptop is a really good deal.
This is by far the worse purchase I have made on Amazon
good buy
Five Stars
It was very good deal. It's small and easy to carry it ...
Great gift!
Buy this one!
Five Stars
Basic
Looked even better than I thought it would be
Great laptop.
Five Stars
New laptop c:
First time leen laptop
Five Stars
Must know your way around Windows and proxy settings
Screen keeps going blank whilst browsing even though the computer is still on and takes a good 10-15 minutes to reboot it
Five Stars
Five Stars
hp laptop review
Five Stars
Great Buy
GREAT Deal, quality and cool blue color
Regret This Purchase
So far I love it
Daughter loves.
Five Stars
Great laptop!
... blue but this is an alsome laptop and i recommend It to all of u
The product quality was good!
Five Stars
seems to be working fine, she loves it
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great gift right price
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fast computer
Five Stars
HP Stream 11.6 Laptop
love love love my powder puff
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome notebooks for kids
Worthwhile laptop
Exactly what I wanted
Five Stars
Very nice!
Five Stars
works great for her college classes
Stay away
The Laptop works well. I had it now for ...
good product though
Excellent value.
Not Cool yo!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Love!
They love their computers
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
hp bloatware
Five Stars
Better than a Chromebook
Very Nice
perfect
Pretty good
Four Stars
Five Stars
The computer is fine. I'm not crazy about the touch pad but ...
Very nice computer!!!!
Four Stars
Mom loves it
Perfect
Five Stars
Love it!!!
Five Stars
I like HP products and so far it has not disappointed
My girl likes it that all that matters to me
... adware on this laptop and my screen cracked really easily after a week
I love the laptop
Love Windows 8 this is so easy to use--and so ...
... everything it was described to be and is very adorable and size convient
Four Stars
Love it so far only had it for a few ...
It met all his expectations and he is really happy with
Excellent gift
Five Stars
I'm glad I bought it and the laptop arrived much earlier ...
Good.
Great Buy
Five Stars
One Star
great!
cool, easy to use
Five Stars
christmas gift
He is highly satisfied and loves it immensely
Five Stars
you ll love it
Five Stars
A++
Four Stars
So Pink!
Nice laptop for price!
Waste of
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great inexpensive computer for my daughter's first year of college
College ready.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good for basics
very nice! My kids love these laptops
Great buy
Great computer
Four Stars
... daughter loves her new lap top it was a perfect gift for my daughters 18 birthday
Five Stars
Good for kids
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
It was bigger than expected which was great.
takes getting used to
Five Stars
Does the job
One Star
Some buttons don't work at times
It's okey
Completely unreliable.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not Happy
32 GB Memory!
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fine netbook
I love my new computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
GREAT COLOR AND BUY!!!
but in the HP Stream 13 I have finally found a laptop that zips along happily and allows me to use the trackpad without missing
Love this little computer!
Five Stars
Take caution
Four Stars
impressive hardware
a little slower than I would like but constructed
They love it. It is very portable
Five Stars
Her and her son love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Made the wife happy.
Best for all user!
Perfect for her school and her drawings
Five Stars
Three Stars
A pretty good computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fast Delivery
Nice little non gamer PC
You have to get one!
Love it
Not worth the 280 I paid for it.
Five Stars
Beautiful blue
They absolutely love them.
Great Little computer
Good for Price
Three Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
great gift
A Must Have Auxiliary PC
Five Stars
Five Stars
the computer is amazing for on the go stuff
Three Stars
Big Bargain!
Three Stars
One Star
Recommended
Four Stars
Out of the box trackpad and wifi not working. ...
I absolutely love it: D
Keyboard is excellent! Buy the blue case to protect the unit
Five Stars
Light weight and works great. Perfect for a mom and student on the ...
Good so far
Five Stars
Perfect Size. Color beautiful!
Cute, compact, exactly what i wanted!
Fantastic value for the money.
Good machine
Five Stars
love this cute little laptop
This  laptop rocks !!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
HP
Excellent Laptop!
Five Stars
very reasonable price and good product
Three Stars
Good buy
Great for study and my modeling and even a little ...
I can do school work and it has great battery
my fiancÃ© and I love it.
Five Stars
I love this laptop
One Star
Four Stars
Wonderful system!
Perfect
Horrible! NOT what I expected
One Star
Works great. I am Happy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Great!
Nonfunctional unit
Five Stars
Love it, Love it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great computer
Great laptop for the price
An amazing laptop. It's perfect for me to do my ...
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
my wife likes it.
How good is amazon
Great!
Pretty Good...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect for what I needed
HP
Not happy
Five Stars
Useful, shock resistant
Great laptop.
Great Purchase
nice
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great price!!!
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good to take on trips due to it small and
great for a cheap word processor for school
Perfect for homework and web browsing
Excellent for the price
He is very pleased with it
One Star
Perfect
Nice laptop
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was a good buy
... exactly what it's supposed to do and it looks nice as well
Great Laptop for the price.
Freezes, sluggish even with out bloatware.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
I love it! I'm currently using it to write this
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
LOVE IT!!!!
Three Stars
Love it!
Five Stars
solid computer all around Nice batterly life and functions well
Two Stars
Hard to hate
... computer for a gift to my brother kids they love it!
stream
Easy to Carry
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love It!!!
Five Stars
It's ok. Kind of cheaply made. Wish I ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good
I was disappointed to find that I haven't been able to use ...
HP Stream Laptop
Four Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Perfect for student
i like it
Five Stars
Pleased with this purchase!
Four Stars
Great
Five Stars
I love it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Daughter loves this laptop its what she been looking for
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Happy, happy
I really like it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Like windows 7 better
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Works great too!
but the little that I use it is great!
... this laptop since January and it was working just fine until recently and all hell broke out
Good for school
otherwise great computer!
Perfect.
works amazing. Perfect size
LOVE IT
Five Stars
Five Stars
it works great as a Mobil work device
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great laptop
Its amazing! And it's so lightweight and easy to use
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great really enjoying them it has everything i
Good running computer
A good experience with GNOME Ubuntu First of all
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very protected from any damage during shipping.
Perfect size. Works great
All we needed
No issuses at all.
Five Stars
Pleased with my purchase.
HP Stream 11 - Good little laptop
Four Stars
Five Stars
but it's a relly great streaming
Very nice laptop for youths
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very lightweight and portable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
note HP
Five Stars
One Star
but screnen is dark and it get hot easily
Perfect gift..
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good buy
Five Stars
Good laptop for the price
but nice for basic use of windows apps
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... little bit to get used to them but we like
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Little Laptop
bad
Five Stars
WOW
Five Stars
LOW cost, HIGH value!
Three Stars
Nice laptop for the price
Five Stars
Great
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
It's A Keeper
Five Stars
I love my Hp
Four Stars
Five Stars
I love it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good for a Beginner
HE LOVED
but happy with it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Put a smile on my wife faces! :)
Good for a small project.
Good little computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great size and very fast too -
Five Stars
Five Stars
So far so good. Very nice computer for the price
Five Stars
Works great.
Five Stars
Four Stars
feels sturdy in your
Five Stars
Like the HP computer
Four Stars
Great computer at a great price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I think it's a good purchase for the
Five Stars
waste of money
Five Stars
Works well for limited purpose
Three Stars
Four Stars
great color and easy startup
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good buy!
Very happy! All my expectations accomplished
Two Stars
the best
Four Stars
Four Stars
great price and great size
This product match with description!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thankful :)
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Audio not working.
One Star
Five Stars
great price! gave as gift
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Wish it had Windows XP.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good buy
I WOULD SPEND A LITTLE MORE TO GET SOMETHING MUCH BETTER. AVOID ANYTHING WITH AN INTEL ATOM CHIP
Very happy I purchased the HP Stream 11 and would highly ...
Lightweight And Cheap, Can't Beat That.
Five Stars
NO
Five Stars
Great price
I love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
praise God jesus holy spirit
Five Stars
It was given to me as a gift. When ...
I love it, it has everything I need & since ...
Don't waste your money
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Bang for your BUCK!
Good Buy
Five Stars
awsome
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I highly recommend this laptop it came with a yr of Office ...
Spend your money on another product
Decent machine, lightweight and portable but no CD Drive, limited disk space, basic camera and responsive mousepad
Once the limitations of 32 GB of hard drive are accepted...
Deeply disappointed.
Good computer, but.........
Very Sleek and Nice
Five Stars
Worth the money
Five Stars
Five Stars
Yay!!  Best money I ever spent....
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good first laptop
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I am in love! So lite and easy to carry
Awesome PC
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bought thi sfor my wife to use at home, she is happy with it
Perfect for students
Five Stars
Five Stars
... this as a gift for my niece it hurt like hell, cuz im a techie and build my ...
Great Laptop!!  Better than Chromebook!!
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I Love This Laptop
Five Stars
great basic lap top
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great little system
Great Gift
Perfect, fast
Five Stars
Three Stars
Win10 loser.
It's great in all the ways it's advertised
Five Stars
Good for kids
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... the hunt for a new laptop for what feels like ages. I thought it would be a simple ...
no storage for even itunes!  and horrible customer service!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
love it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Track pad is Worthless
A must have ðŸ™ŒðŸ½
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
so far so good!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very happy with this machine.
Three Stars
and he love
Four Stars
Great all around, except the touchpad.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love this laptop!
Five Stars
A terrific price !!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent, especially for kids.
A terrific bargain!
i like it ðŸ˜
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I really like it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great laptop for our girls to use
Great laptop especially this color for women
Awesome product. Liked it very much
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent value
Five Stars
Ridiculously bad. Ran slower than the ten year old lap ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Perfect
Four Stars
Five Stars
Daughter loves it!
Five Stars
Recommend
Five Stars
Mothers Gift for sure!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
the screen is dull and dim
LOVEEEE THE LAPTOP
Great Kids Laptop when used with Microsoft Family Safety. Fantastic Value. eMMC storage makes it feel reasonably fast!
Nice.  Looks better in person!
Worth it
One Star
Four Stars
3 star
Great Value
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent price and quality.
Five Stars
I would reccomend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Even though it is advertised at 32 GB it only ...
Junk right out of the box! Stay clear of the Stream
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to use
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good value
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great product!
Five Stars
Five Stars
perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
School Purposes
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good buy
They love
Poor Product - Returned After 2 Weeks.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great
Does the job
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
computer
wife loved it.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
199 what can you expect
Perfect!
Four Stars
Five Stars
easy product
Great product
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Cheap but good
Review in gaming standards
and I thought this would be perfect forget, it's light weight and small enough to ...
Prettiest girl at the dance for under $200.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
HP Stream Excellent
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Broken
Drives Me Crazy
I'm in Love
It's a nice take along for a good price.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Best price, good quality.
Five Stars
This little laptop is amazing! Very light
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Everything excelent
Five Stars
Nice product for tweens!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good value
Love
Just what they wanted.
Five Stars
Four Stars
ok in theory.
Five Stars
Buy a MacBook instead
Three Stars
Five Stars
Selling broken laptops!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I purchased 1 for my children (11 and 13 years ...
Not enough hard drive space to support Operating System
I've spent a good week looking at notebooks and I would say this is a superb machine.
... and other places I thought this would be a good computer to write my grad school papers on
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Happy
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
SO happy I got this for my baby girl!
A bit small but nice
Five Stars
Love
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
my kids loved these!
Five Stars
Waste of money
Three Stars
Don't buy
Save up a bit longer and get a real laptop
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
LOVE it.
Five Stars
If a deal sounds too good to be true........
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
What a piece of crap!!
Five Stars
but I'm typically fairly good with computers
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great laptop!
Great purchase!
You get what you pay for!
Three Stars
Cute
Five Stars
A LAPTOP FOR ALL YOUR NEEDS!
Five Stars
Comp.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Not bad.
The primary reason I bought this computer is because it ...
DO NOT BUY.  Waste of money.  Trash.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thank HP
Love it
Great
horrible 3 hours later and its stillnot set up
Five Stars
HP delivers again!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice laptop computer
Garbage and Garbage Seller!
The actual color is pink, not as shown. ...
75 The above offer is the best I can do and is my final offer
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
not the best but it's ok
Don't waste your money on this laptop
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Go for it
Two Stars
Great laptop
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Gets the job done
But it is very slow & after a week of buying it all these other sites start to pop up on my screen it's very annoying I can't re
I am really disappointed in this purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Item already opened.
Can't even do the very basics
Ok except for Microsoft.
It Takes Two to TANGLE
Poor quality keyboard.
I'm using it to write this review. I've had ...
The perfect laptop for kids who tend to destroy laptops
Love it
Came with viruses
Too bad because of weather conditions
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great item!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Thank you!
Five Stars
Excellents
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product!
Five Stars
Don't buy.
DO NOT UPDATE TO WINDOWS 10
This is a good idea, but execution is difficult
The thing is loaded with so much crapware, it ...
Not Impressed.
and its too crowded with useless app and program
Junk. Don't buy it
... was Christmas gift for my 7yr old and she loved it!
Having issues maintaining the wifi connection. Since there is ...
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
NORMALLY I'M A PATIENT PERSON BUT,
Overall, great laptop!
troll level 3000.
Five Stars
love it
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
sorta happy
Dont waste your money
no WiFi
HP Stream SUCKS!!!!!
Operating system is Windows 8.1 With Bing NOT Windows 8.1 as advertised
Four Stars
White elephant
light and portable but NO MEMORY
Too little memory
Amazing!!!!
I love my little laptop
Great for a 5 year old
Get what you pay for.
Nice computer. Surprisingly fast
... for my daughters (5 and 8) and they are great. Very durable and easy to use
I still love it though
I hate this computer
but this is just like a netbook
Lacks memory.
Not User Friendly
It is small and light weight easy for her to carry around from class to class
great resolution, colorful case
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
i heally recomend
good
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent battery life
order picker oversight
Good price for a regular laptop
Great purchase!
This laptop is the best!!
Great concept for what it is but it had issues
I bought the laptop and havnt even had it 6 ...
Two Stars
Two Stars
Horrible. I've only had my laptop for not even ...
Battery life great.. Pros
Great product for the price.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it!
Aggravating Experience
Save your money
This laptop is perfect for a college student
More impressed than I thought I'd be!
The laptop is fine. Windows 10 not so
Great little laptop
Sucks. They keyboard continually sticks and cannot keep up ...
I love this computer, just the right size, keyboard is comfortable, the touchpad Is perfect, not too touchy.  very very nice
I HATE this computer
It's not bad for the price
I like it. Great for taking to class and working ...
Best chromebook if your child likes mind craft or robloxs
Perfect
Excellent unit very happy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
Five Stars
I ordered this item on July 21, 2015 Order# ...
Buyer beware.
Fair Deal
laptop is very nice and useful
I'll be satisfied to use this laptop until I can replace my ...
Nice laptop
light, and works great. Not a slippery outer material which was smart.
excellent team, I have to mention anything negative moment
Not what I expected
She loved it very nice laptop for the price will be ...
It's such a cheap but very amazing laptop. I am literally in love with it
After one month using it it stop reading the micro ...
Quick shipment good
works great for our employees
It runs great it is completely quit due to the fan less ...
It is quick and easy to use
RIP OFF!
Bought this for a teen that normally kills computers. ...
Three Stars
More elegant than its picture, but the O/S is a disappointment.
Hp blue laptop
Four Stars
NOW, HOW WAS THIS COMMERCIAL?
but it was fun to set it up for my nephew
Crap!
Bad sound
This is a great computer to have for your everyday needs and is ...
I love it! Mine just came in the mail today
The best purchase we ever made of a computer
No CD rom!
... was a little smaller than i expected laptop is better suited for a first time
Great product! Seems very cheaply made
HP awesome!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Futile, fragile and feeble.
Purchased for myself and so far so good. It works as promised and was shipped promptly
absolutely love it! i have no problem with it and ...
elegantly designed product
Waited 2 weeks for delivery which was Fine, however when I plugged t into charge the ...
Great Product.
Five Stars
Mom/college student
Bought it for my sons school projects.
We just bought this computer and it already has viruses ...
Five Stars
Product was not functional
Three Stars
grate small laptop
Love my laptop
Five Stars
One Star
Extremely disappointed.
One Star
Four Stars
Love it!!
Great product for the price
... the laptop meant to order the touchscreen version worked great
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great! Used mainly for on-line activities
Two Stars
Good Enough
very good product
One Star
Five Stars
Had to use a plug in mouse for best usage.
Great computer!!
Very nice.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not worth your time or money
Five Stars
Three Stars
It's good for the Internet but don't confuse it with a ...
Wonderful
Four Stars
Cost effective unit.
Four Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Terrible piece of equipment
Its awesome, my firl loves it
Two Stars
Very Pleased!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Very Pleased
Space bar doesn't work
Four Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Crap
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
My bad.
voice is too low, i can't hear anything and ...
Cool computer for a good price
save your money and get a good
One Star
Five Stars
bad
Five Stars
Three Stars
Disappointing
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
love it
Three Stars
Four Stars
Doesn't Work
One Star
NICE!!!!
... this for going back to college and it performs great.
One Star
wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Crap
I; m not sure if it's me or were ...
I expected better battery life
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great for school or work.
Five Stars
I gave it as a gift and they loved it Thanks
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
We Love It :)
ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸ðŸ˜¸
Four Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Purchase
Perfect everyday use laptop
SLOW, No Memory
Five Stars
Average
I want to return this. Useless.
One Star
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
question????
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
no bueno
HP (or windows) tried to duplicate the chromebook by offering the same specs but the biggest problem is windows 8 doesn't run as
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really !
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing laptop
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Web performance was much slower than expected. Also came ...
Love it!
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love
Five Stars
Price wise!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Best laptop ever
I absolutely hate this thing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Screen to dark
Five Stars
good buy
Four Stars
Five Stars
It works pretty well. I didn't need anything super nice to ...
Purchased this items as a gift for my Honey and ...
Was given a broken Office 365 product key with this order
Must buy
this was a horrible purchase and I would not recommend it to anyone
Five Stars
Four Stars
i return this and buy another
Three Stars
Don't waste your time!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Happ,Happy, Happy
One Star
Color amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for those in a niche, just a little more hard drive would make it perfect.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Never got microsoft office
Five Stars
Four Stars
SCAM DO NOT BUY!!!  This thing is complete garbage and a waste of money
lovely
Five Stars
Five Stars
hp laptop small
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
burn CDS?
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
I am more than satisfied with the look of the laptop but the lag ...
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great work computer
Four Stars
pamela white
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bought it for my (not-so-tech-savvy) mom
Good Laptop considering its price!
Gift card useless
Five Stars
Four Stars
hate it
This is a really good laptop it looks awesome.
Here's my opinion, go nuts.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Downloading limited to web or flash drive
Extremely Dissapointed
One Star
totally bare bones
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
laptop
The best and only thing I like about this computer is ...
Very disappointed with this purchase
Bad
Four Stars
sucks
Five Stars
Wife loves it !!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Gift
HP Stream 13 infected from day one.
Keep your android tablets!
Can barely run one tab of chrome.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Limited Connectivity on one Stream and Blank Screen on another within 3 weeks of purchase.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Too late now to return very frustrating & disappointed.
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Worked great then screen blacked out
You will not notice the joy I felt when my kid ( 16 yrs old) ...
computer great. Tech support was ineffective for several problems
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This little computer runs a factory!
Muse issues.
Incredibly underpowered machine. But then, what can one expect for $200.
The absolute worst costumer service ever(no one spoke English with any clarity)
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great
I have never gotten anything I liked from Hewlett-Packard
Five Stars
HP Stream Pink Laptop
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful
Don't purchase, piece of crap!
Five Stars
I love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
julie
Five Stars
Five Stars
entrega rapida y segura
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Badass!!! Worth the$$$
Five Stars
Don't buy this
On the 1st day my girlfriend got the computer it ...
Good product for the price
in a word
Five Stars
Five Stars
problem
https: //www. amazon. com/review/review-your-purchases/ref=pe_6680_152003970_cm_1_star5?
Not worth the purchase
Do not waste your time with this computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bad luck for me... But great machine
Very poor and I was unhappy about the setup protocol I ...
Should have just bought a real computer. Adequate as ...
Three Stars
Within weeks of purchasing I finally figured out how to ...
The item is light weight. But, the network ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This laptop gets viruses easy. I have had it for about two months ...
Disappointed, want refund
I was disappointed because it included Windows 8
Five Stars
I want to return this item or get a credit ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
great
Good
Five Stars
at first I loved it, so no
Did not realize it was just minor stuff. No ...
needs a real world review after 3 months
Easy to use
Not happy
Five Stars
DONT BUY THIS!!!
It's not touch screen lol
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PIG!
very small screen, can't get work done i need ...
go to best buy for 50 dollars more you get the same ...
it was great but the Hard Drive is too small
So far so good, the person I brought it for was happy ...
sucks
Five Stars
Ug
I am totally pleased with its
Easy to learn and fast to use
One Star
This computer does not have a CD-ROM, DVD drive ...
Turn away
Warranty.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Exactly what I wanted!!!!!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
only 3 stars.
as good as a paperweight
One Star
ONLY SHOWS 21.1gb.  Too small to Upgrade to Windows 10!
One Star
Returning ours today--Beware of what you're getting into!
Slightly disappointed :/
Five Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
only ONE person can USE it!
for basic use
Three Stars
Great computer if you love viruses.
One Star
Mod
Five Stars
One Star
One Star
Nice colour or my
Small affordable
Yeah....
Four Stars
Five Stars
just curious?
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
hate it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Too early to tell
Perfect for college student or mom
Three Stars
Five Stars
the laptop is
Five Stars
Five Stars
Doesn't work on my Wifi network in New York City
My son loved it. The size and screen the visuals n ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
I bought one here on amazon and it is the biggest piece of crap I ever purchased
One Star
Two Stars
No office 365
Two Stars
She liked the touchscreen aspect of it but
Nice Laptop, but can't read email with tiny text.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This Netbook Has Nice Color To It As I used it ive Notice ...
please help if you got this laptop
One Star
Think Twice if you can get it with windows 7 do so even if you have to pay more
I thought I ordered 3 of the same size computers ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
awful overall
... a few days ago that takes it from "I like it" to "It's Ok" 1) The SD Card reader ...
I have to say I hate it. Amazon won't take it back either
I absolutely regret buying this product. I have had ...
Was a little smaller than I expected... ...
Annual fee 69.99 to write school reports
No storage space!!! Waste of money
I bought it for my wife and she really likes ...
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Not good enough, keep searching for a real laptop, Phyllis
Two Stars
One Star
Damn
I recommend finding a different laptop
other than that I love it.
The New and improved Microsoft POS
Danger Will Robinson!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
One Star
I was thinking about buying this and since I read ...
Five Stars
Very disappointed.
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
I hate this computer
Three Stars
it is crap
DISABLED==NOT SUPPORTING DRAGONSPEAK REQ.... ALSO MANY ...
Wrong color!
One Star
Beware. This thing seems to come pre-loaded with pop-up ...
One Star
Five Stars
Do not buy this product.
... bought this computer in January and I am not pleased with it at all
DO NOT BUY!!!
Love this article
it looks very nice, but is useless
Nice device, but tinkerers beware
Great Value --- But No Touch Screen
Nice lightweight laptop.
Piece of junk
Five Stars
amazing product
Why do I have to enter a password in just ...
Packaging was great!! The delivery was super fast
I received the computer, the stride rite Ramona Mary ...
Great computer but it does not come with Office 365
Junk!
Garbage!
Five Stars
Very disappointed. My daughter didn't even have this computer for ...
BUY SOMETHING ELSE
Three Stars
One Star
Okay laptop but terrible customer service!
Two Stars
Three Stars
Tell me
Five Stars
Bombarded with pop-ups
One Star
Nice looking notebook
Holds your precious papers down!
... had this laptop for about 2 weeks and I HATE the Windows 8
Piece of crap. Ran into tons of problems just trying to ...
Three Stars
Four Stars
BUY A CHROMEBOOK!
One Star
Nice little computer but print too small without method of ...
These are horrible with the worst customer service ever
One Star
Do NOT buy this
Don't count on Office 365 Personal licenses being honored.
One Star
HATE IT
Do not buy it. Like a toy
My files disappear The sound is terrible. Scrolling is terrible
One Star
waste of money junk iteam
Under-powered  and Slow for Running Windows
hp means horrible product
Not happy
Keep shopping. Buy Apple.
If anyone knows of a computer that has the regular wired LAN internet plug and HDMI out so I canwatch old TV shows
Has Windows 8. 1-Need I say more?
Five Stars
I wanted to down Office on the chromebook so I can do work on it but can't so that's useless. Since the mouse is hard to maneuve
Five Stars
Four Stars
TRASH!!!!!
This lapto comes with liner?
it took too long to get to my house
Not worth it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Hate item too small requested to return - never heard back from vendor
question
Windows is finally going in right direction with solid state ...
Design needs improvement. Office 365 1yr subscription isn't a great value.
One Star
Looks like a great PC!
Cancer causing computer. Do not buy.
The product said 32GB diskspace; however a check on ...
does it have an HHDMI Port????
One Star
One Star
Good idea except for the potential Malware issues.
I like the laptop is ok and the color is is ...
Pale shadow of a computer
Why the terrible colors?
Two Stars
