I have long been fascinated with the stories of World War 2, which is why I chose to read this book.  The story focuses on two sisters - Isabelle and Viann—  in occupied France, and what they did to survive the war. While the characters in this book are not real, their stories are based on things that really happened during World War 2. It was a new perspective for me to read of what women did during the war; not just them surviving at home without their men, (fathers and husbands)  but what they did to save those in danger. These women endured incredible, unimaginable circumstances. They were faced with danger and difficult decisions. They had to be brave and strong and keep moving forward despite their hardships.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah has an incredible way with words; her descriptions are vivid; you see what the characters are seeing, you feel what they are feeling; you feel like you are there. I felt like I was experiencing what they were; hunger, deprivation, cold, separation from a loved one, fear, pain, etc. I found the book very hard to put down, as I had to know what the outcome for these two incredible women would be. Each time I did have to stop reading, I found myself thinking and pondering on what I had read, and what might happen next. I tried to put myself in their shoes, wondering if I would have been as brave as them, if I could have survived what they did, if I would have done what they did. This is an excellent book; it makes you feel, it makes you think, and it makes you grateful for what you have.
"The Nightingale" may be Kristin Hannah's best book yet!  Combining history, family relationships and dynamics, as well as focusing on individuals doing what is necessary to survive the horrors of war, this novel draws readers into the story and holds them firmly in its grip from first page to last.  It is a novel of finding the courage to do what is right and then of doing what is necessary to do the right thing.<br/><br/>As an elderly woman prepares to leave her home of fifty years, she opens an old trunk and retrieves an identification card - "Juliette Gervais".  Insisting that her son permit her to take an old trunk stored in the attic with her, the woman allows herself to remember her past life and that of her family immediately preceding and during the years of the Nazi occupation of France.  "...For years I kept the memories at bay.  I hid them in a dusty attic, far from prying eyes ..."  She, however, could not forget.<br/><br/>The Rosingal sisters, Viann and Isabelle, are as different as two sisters can be.  "...Viann the rule follower and Isabelle the rebel ..."  Their widowed father, emotionally damaged by his service in World War I, is unable to care for the two after his wife's death.  He banishes Viann from his home when she becomes pregnant and marries the young man with whom she is in love.  He cannot deal with Isabelle's rebellion and sends her to boarding school.<br/><br/>When the Vichy government acquiesces to the Nazi regime's occupation of a portion of France, a kind-hearted Nazi officer billeted in Viann's country home allows her to overlook some of the atrocities taking place in Europe.  Reality shatters her complacency when her best friend, a Jew, is captured.  The Nazi officer's comment "...I was following orders ..." is the impetus that propels Viann to further action.  Impetuous Isabelle - "...Isabelle had always simply reacted in her life ..." - is deeply involved with the underground and aids downed Allied fliers as they evade the Nazis. Known as "The Nightingale", she is wanted by the Nazis and faces death should she be captured.  As the years pass, both Viann's and Isabelle's attitudes change - Viann becomes bolder and Isabelle more thoughtful.<br/><br/>The emotional impact of "The Nightingale" is significant, particularly in the final one-third of the book.  The hardships faced with such courage by the characters of the French Resistance and by those characters who risked it all to help others targeted by the Nazi occupiers pale in comparison to the courage of individuals who actually endured the Nazi regime.  One cannot help being moved by Kristin Hannah's representations of these events and people.<br/><br/>Readers who think of Kristin Hannah as an author of romance novels will discover that she has written an extraordinary historical novel.  While there are elements of romance scattered throughout "The Nightingale", these brief passages only serve as reminders that even in war love can survive.  The greater portion of the novel focuses on the strength of love for family, the sacrifices individuals make for their love of humanity, and the courage of those who resist tyranny and the brutality of mad men.  I will be recommending "The Nightingale" to my book club and to others who value fine writing and a captivating story.
For the first time in ages I stayed up through the night reading a book, reaching the last page after 9:00 a.m. "The Nightingale" by Kristin Hannah is that good. I simply couldn't put it down. This isn't just a book about World War II, or women who worked in the French Resistance; it goes much, much deeper. You'll be quickly drawn into the lives of Viann and Isabelle, their history and complicated relationship, as well as France during its German occupation. Yet "The Nightingale" is about far more than even that. It's about ordinary people drawn into unthinkable circumstances beyond their control and the choices they must make to take back some of that control... impulsive choices, dangerous choices, heart wrenching and even catastrophic choices that can't be undone. It's about bravery and cowardice. Most of all, the novel is about the power of love in all its many forms.<br/><br/>Ms. Hannah has a remarkable gift with words. You can "see" the story unfolding very clearly in your mind's eye. She brings you onto the streets of Paris with Isabelle, into the kitchen or garden with Viann, and into scenes and circumstances that will linger with you almost as if you'd been there. No spoilers here. I highly recommend you read it yourself, but be sure to plan on being unable (or unwilling) to put it down.
Having just finished All the Light We Cannot See I was looking for another highly rated piece of literary fiction.  I was drawn to this book because of the abundance of reviews.  I felt compelled to write this review for the other readers like me who are drawn to highly rated books with a certain set of expectations.<br/><br/>The introduction, the modern day reflection, is really good and left me with high expectations for the rest of the book.  When the story itself began I came to realize three things.<br/><br/>1) this is a (flimsy) romance novel - not literary fiction<br/>2) the setting is arbitrary.  All the Light We Cannot See occurring during WW2 is a relevant point and integral to the story.  In Nightingale WW2 is just a weak representation of "war-time".  It could have just as easily taken place during any other real (Civil War) or fictional (cf. War of the Ring in Lord of the Rings)<br/>3) the story itself (excluding the first chapter), had a very formulaic and unrefined prose.  It was very easy to read because of how simple the writing was, and you could set a metronome to the sentence structure of. "Isabelle did this.  Vianne did that.  There were aeroplanes in the sky."  It's not a horrible style for storytelling, but it lacks sophistication.<br/><br/>All that being written.<br/><br/>* If you are looking for a romance novel that is easy to read and doesn't force you to think too much then this is probably a great read - I don't read that genre and I don't claim to be a good judge of it.<br/><br/>* If you are rather looking for challenging literary fiction that is thought-provoking then this is not a good book for you.
First things first: I'm French and have majored in contemporary history. I love historical fiction and was looking forward a good read.<br/>Bottom line, I couldn't bring myself to finish this book, which is one of the worst I've read on the subject. Ever. I really don't get how it hasn't been slammed by readers and critics.<br/>The major issue are the multiple anachronism, which completely undermine the whole book.  For the sake of a good laugh, a couple of examples:<br/>- upon hearing that their respective husbands have been drafted, Vianne, the main character and her friend, Rachel, share their fears and sadness. All goes well, until Rachel jokes that her husband wasn't very good at changing nappies anyway. REALLY? In rural France? In 1939? Completely out of historical and social context, a woman at that time couldn't even have thought such a thought, as for a man going anywhere near nappies, no comment...<br/>- more of the same, when Vianne's younger sister, Isabelle, fresh out of her pension and 19 years old, jumps into her boyfriend car and drives away. Again, as if! An extremely limited number of women had their driving license in 1939, and they certainly weren't so young and still in school. It would have been so uncommon that any writer broaching the subject would have had to take some length to explain it.<br/>And that was only in the first 45 pages...<br/>What is bothering isn't so much that details aren't right, it's that they're only the tip of the iceberg: the whole book doesn't sound 1930's, the historical facts are here but the atmosphere, the characters are way too modern. People in France 75 years ago certainly didn't sound or act like in a 2015 TV series.<br/>It is really hard to take seriously a book which feels as if only the historical facts have been researched and the rest purely left to the author's imagination. Hard not to get annoyed too as it just feels lazy.<br/>If you compare it to let's say All the light we cannot see, by A. Doerr, when you read his book, you really find yourself in France, it really feels like 75 years ago and the characters sounds just perfect.<br/>The Nightingale is like some of these B movies, where the set is Ancient Rome and the actors so obviously very modern Californians! Very unpleasant sense of discrepancy.
I have to agree with the reviewer that said it read like "Nancy Drew joins the Resistance". I can't fathom how this book is receiving 5 star reviews.I didn't think that Isabelle came across as brave, just a ridiculous girl. The characters all felt flat to me. I just can't see how leaders of the Resistance would put this 19 year old girl that they barely knew in charge of leading a group of pilots across frigid mountaintops. For her to go from her pampered resistance to outperforming bomber pilots doing a cross mountain trek under grueling conditions was preposterous . It just seems to me that people that are military pilots would have more physical training than to be outdone in endurance by a 19 year old book shop clerk who did absolutely no preparation training. I thought it read like a soap opera version of a Holocaust story, which deserves better.
Made it to page 50.  I believe my mistake is reading "All The Light We Cannot See" right before starting this novel.  Doerr's writing style is lush and flowing, which starkly contrasts with Hannah's jerky, daresay sophomoric writing style.  "Show, don't tell" is not followed in the Nightingale.  The best example I can give from the first 50 pages is Isabelle's exodus from Paris is formulaic and repetitive; broken down cars and people are referred to multiple times to little effect.  There are several pages of set up for the exodus, she is hungry and alone, only to have her (in 2 paragraphs!) wander off into the woods and encounter Gaet who has food (upon his acquaintance, we get into a bizarre description of her arrogance regarding her sexuality when she meets Gaet.  If she's that hungry and tired, I find it hard to believe that her thoughts at the time were, "how men gazed at her with unabashed desire".  Really?).<br/><br/>It felt very contrived and I felt the author was pushing Isabelle through a checklist of wartime elements (suicidal soldier - check, lost children - check, freshly dug grave - check, Nazi bombers - check).  Little do we find out about Isabelle's feelings or thoughts are towards any of this as the author furiously crams all this into a few pages - the plot does not have room to breathe.
There are very few books that I won't complete once I have started. Perhaps one every year or two. Regrettably however, this book falls into that category.  The simplistic characters were not believable and the author's writing style was something out of elementary school.  No complexity at all.  Let's see - we have the exceptionally naive Vianne, the exceptionally angry Isabelle, and of course evil Papa, etc.  It was difficult for me to determine what all the hype was about with this book.
While supposedly very French this story was actually very American. A terrible time in history was glossed over and re shaped to fit a romance novel shape. Very disappointing
I have the feeling the author interviewed a few people about occupied France and tried to weave her own story around it. I lived for five years under Nazi occupation in The Netherlands and let me tell you, it was nothing like the story in this book. I found it very unrealistic; the risk some of the main characters took were completely ridiculous. The book was a very disappointing read for me after reading several of Hannah's other books.
Mistakes abound, one sister ages four years while another stays four years old.  The Loire area has had many tourists for hundreds of years contrary to what the author says. The description the sound of  "thunderous feet" to describe one man and a small child is inept . A meal prepared for three people was inordinately heavy, and would never be served at a French family dinner.  Also the French have always gotten the daily bread from the bakery,  never making it at home. So these things were in the first few chapters.<br/>The plot is contrived, but as always by Kristin Hannah entertaining.
I plunged into this story without reading anything about the author or about the source of the story.  It's my way.  If I like what I read then I'll go in search of its origins.  And as I was plunging I began to feel that something wasn't kosher, and when I finished The Nightingale I recognized my reactions.  The characters were not real.  The scenes were not specific.  The horror was not horrible.  The fear was not in the book at all.  The humiliation was not palpable.  The language was not true to what had been said at the time.  I did not feel the rape.  It was suggested or left to our knowledge of rape.  I didn't feel the loss of me.  I couldn't find the answer to the question "Why?"  I couldn't find it because it was not there.<br/><br/>This was a nice story as so many are these days.  It was written to earn income for its author and I'm sure it has and will continue to.  But the more these "formula" books are punched out the less credible they will be as more and more the reading public is demanding the real thing.<br/><br/>Yes, this is a novel.  Yes, these people never existed.  But it was written about a period that is still causing unimaginable pain to real people.  I see them, not much older than I am, with tattooed numbers on their arms.  I see them in the supermarket.  A made up story like this one is disrespectful to them.  It minimizes the endless nightmare that will only die when they do.<br/><br/>When a young person takes it upon herself to create a story and wants to make it feel real it is not enough to write peripherally.  This particular story lacks the depth of reality.<br/><br/>It left me feeling like I had just eaten a meal of air.<br/><br/>micki SCHLOSS<br/>Haifa, Israel
I give this book a two star rating only because I found the story line to be interesting, though preposterously unbelievable. I really wanted to like the book because it claimed to be from the point of view of women during the French Resistance, hence another reason I finished it. In terms of the quality of writing, it only deserves one star. The characters are cartoon-ish with no development throughout the novel. The dialogue could have been plucked from a soap opera--very stilted and predictable. There is nothing subtle about the action; it felt like I was reading a piece of pixelated pulp fiction. As others have said, the author was sloppy in her research. For example the character, Vianne, is always sending "care packages" to her soldier husband who's in a POW prison. That term did not exist prior to 1945, after WWII was over, and it was derived from "CARE Package", CARE being an acronym for "Cooperative for American Remittances to Europe". When I discover such a blatant, easily discovered historical error, it makes me very suspicious of other such mistakes.<br/><br/>I'm now reading "All the Light We Cannot See", an outstanding piece of historical fiction and would highly recommend instead of this book.
I picked this book because I love WWII stories. Unfortunately, this book is plagued with so many adjectives you loose track of the story. Adjectives to describe adjectives. I don't recommend this author as it is the second disappointing book by her I've read.
Although this is a well known author and her fluid writing style does carry over into this novel, this is one of the poorest plots I have read in a long time.  World War II, the abhorrent treatment of the French Jews, an unloving Father, and, of course, an ongoing sibling rivalry are the thin plot lines the author expounds upon.  The characters are as flat as cardboard yet take life risking chances to gain their Father's approval?  A flash forward reveals the story's ending after 150 pages.  Why did Ms. Hannah do this?  Did she research the French people of the 1930s and the actual occupation of France before putting pen to paper?  I think not. Because of the flat linear style of this book, the outcome was easily predicted after a few pages into reading it leaving it to be a struggle to finish.<br/><br/>Similar to Paris Hilton or the Kardashians,  this is one of those icons that is famous for simply being famous.............
Before I ordered this book, I read many of the reviews & decided to order the book.  I agree that the author is able to set a "be there" mind scene with words.  Also, the author is able to use words in a creative original manner.  I have read many books about WWII which includes histories, novels, winters, madness, camps & many survivor books from all areas.  I didn't feel that the writer really got into  the  essence of suffering too horrific for words.  For example, Isabella being described as "broken in mind & soul" returning to her sister's house would most likely have behaved differently then described.  Of course the word "broken"  is vast as there seems to be intensities to human suffering. I am being cautious while writing this review because I really think that the author was being either sloppy with doing the real work of finding out about traumatized people or indolent about really getting into the characters's processes or naive  about the scope  of the subject matter and/ or one or all three above mentioned reasons why I didn't like the book.  The author did not take the time to write this book with the depth that was needed.<br/><br/>I was irritated with romantic cliche descriptions of romantic scenes & romantic partners.  There were a lot of "beautiful people" running about.  The rebellious & strong minded Isabella reminded me of someone else from Gone With The Wind only with blond instead of brown hair.  I was hoping to like this writer as she has many books out  & I enjoy greatly a good read.  I do not intend on purchasing any more books by this author.  As an aside, it took  10 years for Anthony Doerr to write "All the Light We Can Not See" and the quality of this book speaks for itself: a real masterpiece.
The melodrama is exceeded only by the ahistorical exaggeration. Nuns who found a convent in 1650 and live to be guillotined in the French Revolution. The eponymous Anti-Nazi heroine who crosses the Pyrenees 29 times by foot saving 117 Allied airmen. Perhaps the single worst novel I have read in a decade. If it hadn't been the last thing in my Kindle library during a long flight I could not have forced my way to the nauseating end.
Though this was a very enjoyable and well plotted book, there was a a definite element of "and then... and then..." In other words, the form of the narrative was rather poor.  One of the other reviewers thought it had an flavor of "bodice-ripper" the author was always telling you what the women were wearing, and the main female characters were breathtakingly beautiful and the men were dangerously good looking.  I would endorse that, the writing lacked style and the prose was formulaic and somewhat bland, even when the subject matter had the potential to grip the reader.  Only late in the book did the author achieve some drama, mostly the difficult moments went without a hitch and one rarely got the sense that the protagonists wouldn't come through, or that lives were in real danger.  Even some of the terrible happenings in the book were written in a way that didn't pull on the readers heartstrings even though they should have.  Having said that, the plot was well conceived and the story kept one's attention, and I did stick on to the end.  All in all, it was an adult read written by an author who was more "young adult" in style.
I read the first twenty pages with eagerness, but then became disgusted with the character development.  I tried to like the characters, but they are not at all likable, or more importantly, they are not at all interesting.  I will not finish the book, and am giving it to the library.
So full of cliches I couldn't even finish it... I honestly try to finish every book I start reading, but Nightingale was such a disappointment that I refuse to finish it (and would like to go back into the past tell my past self no to buy it!). It is as if the author has spent one or three days in a course about France and has decided to write a book about it. Most of what happens in the beginning seem so far fetched and utterly ludicrous. The dinner she prepares for her family of three (two adults and one child), and the way she describes its preparation... come on! It is as if the author was trying to teach you how to prepare a typical rural French Sunday roast. And she made her own baguette -- there are other kinds of bread in France besides the baguette!!! Sorry, not for me...
Wow! What an amazing novel. At first I didn't think  was going to like this book as I associate Kristin Hannah with chick lit-type stories. It took me about 50 pages before I got hooked, and man what a hook it was. This book centers around 2 French sisters during World War 2. The sisters, Viann and Isabella couldn't be anymore different. As the book progresses we find that although they are polar opposites of one another they may not be as different as originally thought. I'll leave it at that because this is a book that will be very popular with book clubs this Spring, and I'm sure there will be lots of discussions on this subject.<br/><br/>As I said, the first 50 pages moved slowly for me, but once the plot picked up it moved at a breakneck pace. This book was very well researched and I learned more about the War from reading this book than I did in high school. I still can't believe all the atrocities that were faced by the Jewish  people (and others) during this terrible chapter in American history. I cannot wait to pass this book on to my co-worker because I know she will fall in love with it, too. There are some very graphic scenes that truly depict how horrible war can be. The thing I liked best about this book is that there were no loose ends. Hannah gives us what we want by tying up the story and letting us know exactly what happened to each and every character...for good and bad. I can't begin to heap enough praise on this wonderful, moving, redemptive novel. I think THE NIGHTINGALE would make a blockbuster movie and I've already cast the major roles in my mind. Don't skip this book.
What a terrible, terrible book.  Cardboard characters, socially unrealistic setting (a university-educated daughter of a bookseller in 1939 living on a family farm, married to a farmer, working mother, sipping champagne in the lavender-drenched fields in August?) -- I am so annoyed that I spent money to buy this book.
When I finished the last paragraph of this story about two sisters in wartime France, my mouth was open, there were tears in my eyes and chills up and down my arms. After I remembered to breathe, I closed the book and knew I had just encountered something rare and powerful and extraordinary.<br/>Author Kristin Hanna deftly weaves the year 1995 with scenes from the past. She paints idyllic, pastoral scenes and Nazi horrors so vividly: you can feel both gentle breezes and the blows of a fist; see blood and bucolic landscapes and experience hunger and fear, cruelty and bravery and the tragedy of loneliness and lost love.<br/><br/>The characters come to life so sharply you know them. You will live with them through their heartaches and struggles and they will live in you. You can almost smell their breath, touch the fabrics they wear, feel the mud on their shoes and texture of their skin.<br/><br/>The story begins pre world war II in a small French town and follows a family through the war as Nazis take over their world. We see two sisters, one impetuous and brave and the other timid and cautious and follow them as they navigate the circumstances and decisions that shape their lives and alter their destinies.<br/><br/>There are turns you won't expect and never saw coming. This book will make you lose sleep, and maybe call in sick and take a day off work.<br/><br/>It is an accurate history of what Nazis did and how they treated the French. And an account of what the gendarmes did to their own French people. And what they ALL did to the Jews...and the roundups and the hiding and the deportations. It is a story of love and loyalty, friendship and family and standing up and fighting for what you think is right. It is a story of character.<br/><br/>This novel touches on themes of fear and love and birth and death and what ordinary people do in extraordinary circumstances.<br/><br/>Does either of the sisters survive? Who is telling the story? We don't know until a shattering and absolutely logical ending that ties everything together.<br/><br/>This story will stay with you the rest of your life.<br/>It is magnificent.
Tout a fait ridicule. Trop americain, et pas litteraire. C'est comme si un ecrivain americain a mis des caracteres americains au beau milieu de la France pendant la deuxieme guerre mondiale sans pensee a la culture ni a la syntaxe francaise.<br/><br/>To paraphrase: Kristin Hannah was unable to convey a modicum of authenticity in her novel, only an American perception of what is French. I could not read beyond the first 20 pages. It seemed like a trivialization of what Occupied France went through.
The story was weak and the writing terrible. The characters had too many coincidences and unbelievable experiences.  Too bad as it was an interesting story to tell.
I am French as well living in the USA.<br/>I do think that this book has two good aspects : it is an easy read and it can be informative for the people who did not know much about WWI and WWII aside from the Libération by the Allies. Many French citizen lost and risked their lives to rebel against the Vichy Government and to try and free the country. A friend of mine read that book and asked me if there truly were Passeurs during the war....that friend of mine is 65 years old. She did not know about the Resistance. So that book triggered her curiosity.<br/>The book was very frustrating to read because of the numerous inaccuracies.<br/>The description of Operation Spring Wind reminded me of one of Tatiana de Rosnay' s titles that I read on the subject a while ago.  I discovered later in the Acknowledgment section of The Nightingale that Tatiana de Rosnay had edited the book!<br/>It was so predictable that I had to skip pages and pages of every chapter. I quickly lost interest.<br/>I also read " All the Light You Cannot See"  which I enjoyed tremendously. It takes place during the same period of our history. There is an interesting plot and a story of love and devotion.
I would list the number of books and movies that have covered this territory artfully, truthfully, critically in both fiction and non fiction, but it would be a waste of time. This, on the day that Nicholas Winton has passed away, has made me close this silly book about a most important subject. What can a reader learn?This is the stuff of book clubs. A fanciful notion about a rebellious young girl who yearns to be a war hero because why can't she? Men were. And so were so many women throughout history in revolution after revolution. Should have known better than to buy a NY Times best-seller. A pop novel at its best. And not surprised that it will soon be a major motion picture with fleeing families being slaughtered by the 'Boche' as they are unable to find cover on the roads from Paris. A real blockbuster.
This book is written horribly and is culturally and historically inaccurate.  It is written by someone who does not know French culture at all.  I am halfway through and only because I am one of these people that cannot just put a book down but this one may never get finished.  It is ridiculous.  The characters are not at all true to the time period.  By page 40, this book at the style of a Nancy Drew book.<br/>If you want to read a novel about WWII that is artistic and well written read All the Light We Cannot See.<br/>This book is insulting to educated adults and is a fantasy book for teens.
I found The Nightingale to be a freshly entertaining historical novel.  Here, Ms. Hanna creates lovely, true to life sisters, who at odds with one another, risk everything in their resistance against the Nazi onslaught. I was delighted Ms. Hannah increased my own understanding of this unimaginable time.  She has addressed a dark, violent, and difficult subject by telling her story through beautiful uplifting voices of incredible strength, love, and perseverance.  In my opinion, this work is excellent modern literature. I found myself rewarded on a page by page basis with incredibly delicious prose, realistic dialogue, and a handful of surprises and secrets.
Has this woman ever been to France? She even spells "Appel" wrong. And how about Vianne and Rachel wondering about whether to celebrate by opening a bottle of Cognac or of gin, in the morning? Not even French alcoholics would consider such drinks. Anyway between the clichés and the stereotypes, the book was a big flop. UN BIG FLOP! Can I have my money back please?
Can someone please explain to me how this book has so many 5 star reviews?  I very rarely review a book, unless it is very very good or very very bad.  This book is one of the later.  I will keep this brief, instead of going into details, as to why this book should not be rated higher than 3 stars:<br/><br/>1) The quality of writing is awful.  I can't believe this is such a popular book with how poorly written parts of the book are.  I would characterize this book as a romance novel.<br/>2) The narration is confusing.  It is supposed to be third person limited, either with Isabelle or Vianne.  The problem is that sometimes a chapter seems to flip flop between the two and it is confusing as to who's "head" you are supposed to be in.<br/>3) Utterly predictable.  No way that one of the sisters (spoiler, kind of) ends up in a concentration camp, never saw that one coming.  I mean, come on, Hannah was obviously going to find some way of showing a concentration camp.<br/>4) Extremely unbelievable characters, particularly the two sisters.<br/>5) Yes, we understand Germans are mean (especially the SS!!!!) but we don't need it pounded into our skulls.<br/>6) Plot is formulaic.  Did Hannah follow a bulletized list of how to write a WWII historical romance/drama?<br/><br/>Please don't make this into a movie Hollywood.
Kristin Hannah has explored war and its consequences before, in her 2012 novel HOME FRONT. In that case, the war in question was in Iraq in 2005, and the book explored the evolving relationship between a helicopter pilot and her increasingly distant husband who is left behind to care for their family. In THE NIGHTINGALE, Hannah once again explores the domestic side of war. This time, though, she turns her attention farther back in the past --- to World War II --- and to the courage and strength of French women trying to keep their lives together in the face of Nazi occupation.<br/><br/>Hannah has written poignantly about sisters in novels like TRUE COLORS, and she again explores the complicated bond between them in THE NIGHTINGALE. Vianne is a decade older than her sister, Isabelle. After their mother died when both were quite young and their grief-stricken, shell-shocked father abandoned them, Vianne took on the maternal role for Isabelle. But when Vianne falls in love as a teenager, gets pregnant and then miscarries, her own grief causes her to withdraw from Isabelle, who now feels doubly abandoned.<br/><br/>When the novel opens in 1940 (after a brief present-day glimpse of an old woman trying to reconnect with remnants of her past), Vianne and Isabelle are estranged. Vianne has suffered several miscarriages during her marriage with Antoine, but they do have a daughter, Sophie. Vianne is a teacher at the local school in their small town in France's Loire Valley. Meanwhile, 18-year-old Isabelle is about to be kicked out of yet another boarding school; her irrepressible nature and lack of respect for authority has been part of her personality from an early age. And as the Nazis approach Paris, her unwillingness to accept the occupation may lead her into dangerous territory.<br/><br/>After Isabelle comes to live with Vianne and Sophie, who are struggling to manage the household after Antoine is sent to fight, she bristles against the presence of the Nazi soldiers who have occupied the town. Almost without intending to do so, she winds up taking on increasingly risky missions as a member of the resistance movement. Meanwhile, Vianne, who has reluctantly billeted a German soldier in her home, has her own quieter but no less courageous role to play.<br/><br/>Readers unfamiliar with the role France played in World War II may be surprised to read of the atrocities great and small perpetuated by the Nazi occupiers on the French people. Even those who know that story will be drawn in by Hannah's absorbing storytelling and her strength at writing about relationships. The novel is suspenseful and romantic at the same time, and offers readers a very personal portrait of life in wartime and of the kind of bravery harbored by even seemingly ordinary people. In a letter from the author included in the book, she states, "I did everything I could not to write this novel," citing the emotional difficulty of writing about these subjects. Readers will consider themselves fortunate that Hannah did feel compelled to pen THE NIGHTINGALE after all.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Norah Piehl.
What a disappointment! I love fiction that portrays this historical period, but by the time I got through just a couple chapters I realized that I wasn't going to waste my time with this potboiler romance that, as another viewer remarks, was more like a cheap TV-series version of 1930s France than a carefully researched and well imagined novel. The writing is formulaic and lazy: it's like being surrounded by the painted flats of an amateur theatrical. I'm astounded that so many people seem to love this book: I'd tell readers to look to an Alan Furst novel, for example, if you're looking for a compelling, atmospheric novel about '30s France.
As a rule I do not like to read about unpleasant events but in this book the author raise the suffering endured to a spiritual level.  In doing so, the ugliness and the senseless cruelty of the Nazis is dissipated and what remains is a wonderful story about the meaning of love. It is a page-turner and I began one afternoon and finished early the next morning.
The author's writing is puerile!  I found it hard to believe that this book was on the best seller list.  I could hardly get through it because the writing was so bad.  I persisted because friends said the story was interesting and they found out something about the Resistance in France during World War II.  I would never recommend this book.
There are so many fine WWII novels- some that come to mind are Darkness at Noon, From Here to Eternity,Stalag 17, Man's Fate, Last of the Just,Catch22 etc,  etc & this is just not in that league. It is a "pot boiler" very melodramatic, not very well written,somewhat predictable i.e. you know that Isabelle is going to take wild risks, the good German/the bad German, the faithful, tempted wife.Many anachronisms,which should have been edited out. Sulphur drugs began to be used in that period not antibiotics.Too repetitive-i.e. the character of the father described endlessly, Isabelle's personality traits as well.
The history and plot of this book are quite interesting, but the writing is rather poor at times.  Especially the ending of the book - there are too many coincidences that are just not believable.  **Spoiler alert** What are the odds of star-crossed lovers reuniting after a long separation, only to have the heroine die as they finally kiss?  And - why did the main character leave France and move to USA?  We'll never know; no explanation...these are huge gaps in the story and a sign of unprofessional and hurried writing.  I wanted to like this book but it needs some major work to be truly enjoyable to adult readers.
I enjoyed reading about the French resistance and the contribution of women in the second world war.  On one hand it showed the hardships and tragedy of war, but it also demonstrated the amazing strength and courage that people find in the most desperate of circumstances.  While the story itself was fascinating, I felt that sometimes the drama and tragedy were a bit over the top making the story a bit melodramatic.  I would have preferred a bit more subtlety, but overall it was an interesting read.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the story and the characters were portrayed through the lens of present day America.  I felt this strongly throughout the book.  This ruined it for me, as it made the characters feel less than genuine and prevented me from really being pulled into the story. For example, the dialogue was too informal and sounded like something you'd hear on a modern TV drama... The descriptions of France at the beginning of the book, seemed like an American's idealised view of quaint rural life in France (or like something you'd see in a Hollywood movie).  Even the names were odd.... Rachel - a Romanian-born Jew living in France?  Ummm... no not really.  Maybe Rahela (Romanian) or Rachelle (French) would have worked better.  And how and why did the narrator end up in the US???  We never find out....<br/><br/>All in all, the book was ok, but given the very high score and the positive reviews, I was expecting much more.
I purchased this based on the 5 stars review and the first few pages caught my attention.  I am now on page 112 and don't think I can even finish it.  The characters are annoying and I actually found myself wishing for one of them to get caught and punished like a rebellious child that she portrays.  The author tried to build her character as strong,  brave,  and heroic when all I see is a child acting in anyway she pleases without worrying about consequences to herself and more importantly to her family.  Blah,  I've never disliked a character this much and had to get it out.  I don't understand the rave reviews!
but there were so many holes in it that I just couldn't read it. Too many times I heard myself say "That's b******t, no way!!"<br/>The heroin,with her impulsive, immature behaviour, would not have been able to achieve what she was allegedly doing without getting caught within the first five minutes. Totally unbelievable.<br/>SPOILERS: As an example, she steals a bike from a German officer and rides it around town, albeit painted in another colour, when all bikes are supposed to have been confiscated by the nazis.<br/>On this bike she's supposedly distributing resistance type flyers, in the early hours of the morning, in to the letter boxes of the townspeople for months and she doesn't get caught. Because the nazis are too dumb to be able to catch her? I doubt it.<br/>Her sister manages to re-grow food in the garden, after the initial mass exodus from Paris, without there ever being any mention of it being taken by people who are supposed to be starving all around her.<br/>I like the premise of the story but it's poorly executed. The way the characters talk I feel like they're of a modern day era, not WWII.<br/>I truly cannot understand how this has rated as highly as it has.<br/>I returned mine for a refund. I just couldn't finish it.
Not a literary endeavor; sophomoric writing and poorly developed characters.<br/>The plot is simplistic and probably not suitable for an educated, adult audience.<br/>Was unable to finish. There are other historical fiction novels that are much more interesting and compelling.
I appreciated the dual narrative and thought both sisters to be decently crafted, but ultimately this was too melodramatic to me. For instance the romantic thrust of this book (Isabel and Gaetan) felt forced and the (supposed) plot twist at the end was over done. Speaking of the plot twist, I hated how the writer deliberately withheld which sister is alive and telling the current story--not telling the reader felt like a manipulative way to establish tension.<br/><br/>There are a few other flaws in this book that I think are notable: the dialog is mostly atrocious. There's a part where Isabel is hiding a downed Brittish flyer and when he looks at the nook he's to reside in, he says "that's creepy miss," in reference to her dolls. I highly doubt a soldier in hiding during Nazi-invaded France would be making such a light hearted comment. And the book is loaded with similar dialog.<br/><br/>The father-daughter redemption theme was really overstated. Without giving spoilers I'll just say that what the father does felt familiar in a cliche way. If one were to write a book based on scenes from pop culture--other books and movies--one would come up with very similar solutions to all of the plot devices in this book.<br/><br/>These are the reasons I found this book to be weak. Yet they are also the reasons other readers might love this book: a formulaic love story with predictable outcomes at every turn.<br/><br/>On the plus side, there are a dozen or so eloquently crafted sentence that I'll reread go appreciate to language.
I have read thousands of books.  I have a degree in English education and taught high school English for many years.  My all time favorite book is To Kill a Mockingbird, until now.  This was both the hardes book I have ever had to read and the best book I have ever read.  The brutality that the victims of this war, including the characters we come to care about so deeply, is heartbreaking.  However, their courage is so inspiring that, at least in my mind, the evil forces trying so desperately to break them never truly win.  I know that my husband thought that I was having a breakdown of sorts because many times while I was reading this novel I actually had to put it down to cry.  Yet, I didn't want it to end.  I would force myself to read it slowly, to cherish every line of the beautifully written imagery, from the descriptions of the prewar vivid beauty of the the South of France to the terrifying bombs that shook but could not destroy the Eiffel Tower.  I almost did not read this book because I did not want to feel sadness, but I am so glad that I let myself open that first page.  It will stay with me forever, making me appreciate life, freedom, and those I love on a whole new level.  I will reread it often, knowing that by doing so I will be effortlessly transported back to a time when life for many went from idealistic to truly unfathomable, and that by their courage and strength, they have taught so many how to simply survive in a world that can truly be evil.
Who are the people loving this book? It's unbearable. Poorly researched, pedestrian writing, cliche after cliche. felt like it was for third graders. Seriously, who are the people giving rave reviews? There is nothing to admire here.
Amazon recommended this book because I enjoyed “All The Light We Cannot See,” and I bought it because it received excellent reviews here.  My high expectations were not met.  Although it’s a perfectly adequate work of historical fiction, the writing is not remotely in the same league as “All The Light We Cannot See.”  That book is true literary fiction, brimming with exquisite language and unexpected insights.  This book is just a pedestrian example of historical fiction, with fairly flat and uninspired writing and characters.  I suspect it would an interesting exercise for a writing class to read this book and “All The Light We Cannot See” back to back to see how two different authors tackled a similar subject matter in two very different ways with, in my view, two very different degrees of success.  That being said, I do find this time and place interesting, and made it through the book — which I was doubtful of doing at the outset.  In fact, this is the rare book where I thought the end was more successful than the beginning: there were some interesting, and for me unexpected, plot twists.  My bottom line is that this is a perfectly fine read for those interested in World War II and the German occupation of France, but by no means a notable work of literature.  I'm still scratching my head about the overwhelmingly positive reviews on Amazon.
The Nightingale written by Kristin Hannah starts as an elderly widow realizes her life will likely be ending soon and she is clearing out her house to prepare for the transition to a nursing home. He son accompanies her in her Oregon coast home as she goes through her possessions. As she sorts through items in an old steamer trunk she pulls out memories which lead her to share details from the past that her son had never been told.<br/><br/>WWII, France, and the beginning of the Nazi occupation, two sisters Viann and Isabelle are presented situations that require extraordinary decisions. Each sister has a different approach to how they deal with the struggles of living in Nazi occupied France. The story offers many believable insights into what life was like during this difficult time, keeping Jews from being identified and captured, assisting the French Resistance, and responding to the demands of an occupying army as the intern themselves and take what they want.<br/><br/>Polly Stone is the reader of this Audio Book and her voice is pleasant, yet somewhat unique which adds character to the reading. She has a wide range of inflection and tempo which captures your attention and keeps you listening. 14 CDs comprise over 17 hours of narration for a 450 page book. Polly provides each character their own style and before long you can easily identify all the participants in the story.<br/><br/>The story Kristin Hannah has written is deep with emotional situations and choices. I found my developing strong feelings for the characters, the situations they were in, the choices and the losses they encountered. The Nightingale and this Audio CD provided clear and vivid descriptions of France as the story progressed and I feel like I have a good understanding of at least one perspective of this part of the world during a time I feel like I am fortunate to have not personally endured.
I hate to quibble about certain details that were wrong or not possible. First, the first airman that Isabelle rescued in Paris--how is the world did he get into Paris with his flight suit on? Impossible. Second, the American plane, Mustang, bombing the airfield at night in 1942--there were no American planes flying in France in 1942 plus the fact American bombers flew only in daylight and British bombers at night later in the war. Antoine so easily escaping a camp in Germany and making it back to his home--no details because it was just too easy to ignore since it was unbelievable. It was stated that at Mauth..(sp?) prison camp had allied airmen along with various other people, Jews etc.--all allied airmen were sent to stalags near the Danish border. I also found the description of the countryside as being one battlefield ground a little hard to believe.<br/>Having lived through WWII as a teenager, I followed the war news avidly and have subsequently read many books besides knowing a number veterans who fought in the war and told me many things of interest that occurred.<br/>The writer did not live in WWII time so she had to rely on other accounts which may or may not be valid. She is a good writer but she dodged at the end in not owning up Julien being von Richter's son.
<br/>While the tale itself is an excellent yarn there are some very basic mistakes that should have been caught in the editing.<br/>First the age of the sisters when we meet them is 4 and 14. When the older sister tells what happened to her at 16 she mentions her younger sister being 4. Apparently she didn't age in the same two years!<br/>But the most basic mistake was when the German officer gives the older sister antibiotics in 1942. Here I had to stop reading and check because I was so certain antibiotics were a) not called that till much later and b) not available before 1945. I was right and the story had been broken because I had had to check it out.<br/>Another problem was the change of person. The present day story is told in the First person and she is meant to be looking bad on her life and the past is in the third person from the point of both sisters. Hence not a memory of the older sister. It would only have taken minor changes to make since they weren't made the connection between past and present didn't flow.
Unfortunately I did not like the book. Not clever, full of cliches, inconsistencies and repetitions. The only positive aspect of the book is that it shows the role of women in the resistance.
The Nightingale begins on the Oregon Coast. An elderly widow learns she has a terminal illness and is packing up her home for a move that has her feeling mixed emotions. The one thing she does know with any certainty is that death may reunite her with those she lost and those she loved more than four decades earlier.<br/><br/>Before she is ready to leave her Oregon home, the woman heads into the attic, much to her son’s dismay, where she pulls out a steamer trunk. Hidden at the bottom are mementos from her past, things she’s never told her son about. Including an identification card bearing the name Juliette Gervais (not sure of the spelling). Now the story goes into the past.<br/><br/>Siblings Viann and Isabelle find themselves separated after their mother dies. Unable to care for them, their father leave them with a stranger. While Viann learns to adapt as best she can, Isabelle does not and is returned to her father, who eventually sends her from one private school to the next. Eventually, Viann marries and settles in the French countryside with her husband and young daughter. Soon enough, her husband is sent off to war. Isabelle finds herself in Paris until it’s requested that she go help her sister out.<br/><br/>Soon enough, the two sisters are fighting for what they believe is right in a war when everything seems to horribly wrong. From trying to keep Jewish children hidden from the Nazis to helping to fight the French Resistance, each of these sisters is forced to tackle the horrors of war and their responses to the situations they are confronted with.<br/><br/>Narrated by voice actress Polly Stone, The Nightingale is a 14 CDs long and it takes a little over 17 hours to listen to the whole story. This is probably the only thing I feel was not to my liking. I read much faster than the narrator reads. I do not often listen to audiobooks, but the slower pace did get to me from time to time. I know I would prefer to read the story at my pace.<br/>That said, Polly Stone gives each character her own unique voice, and I appreciated that. It took a while at first to adjust to the different characters. I looked to see if I knew Polly Stone from anything, but it appears she mainly does audio books and some commercials. Her name is really familiar, however.<br/><br/>The story itself is very detailed and emotional. I love Kristin Hannah’s work and while this was a little different, I’ve not read a historical novel from her, the manner in which she captures every exquisite detail is just as powerful as her contemporary stories. I felt like I was in France and got completely wrapped up in the story.
This book is not for everyone!!!!  It is one I would have avoided like the plague  not too long ago.  I lived through that war.  I lost my husband at the age of 53 because of damage  to him during The Battle of the Buldge,  The St. Lo Breakthrough and crossing as the 11 the man across the Remagan Bridge and being hit by "friendly fire . and sent home at the end of the war.  I am not a fan of reading any more than our family lived through.  I am 89 yearas old now.  The only reason to read it is learning what other women went through.  From. the Germans, the French government , and our bombing that finally ended the war,  If you do not know what war costs us (no matter what side you are on)  then by all means read it.  It is well written.  Hopefully you will come away the same way I did.  "I ain's gonna study war no mo"
For me this was a fusion of sub-literary chick lit and WWII fiction in that it was too cliche and melodramatic much of the time. I thought the female perspective of occupied France and the tales of the resistance as well as the opposing sisters' perspectives were generally good ideas but the whole thing lacked in the execution.<br/><br/>The tone of the book doesn't feel authentic to the time period and there are numerous unbelievable incidents and interactions. The historical facts are covered but the atmosphere and characters feel too modern. There are just too many dialogue and behavioral anachronisms. It's as if the the history had been researched only superficially and the rest filled in by the author's imagination with caricatures and stereotypes.<br/><br/>Sorry but I think Hannah's fans deserve better.
This story and writing were excellent but I kept comparing it to All the Light You Cannot See and thought it was not quite as good. Such a departure for Kristin Hannah. Hope she keeps going in this vein.
I appreciate a novel that is based on historical events. With fictional, but believable characters, the author creates a heartwarming, suspense filled story of two sisters in German-occupied France during WW2. The author captures the epic panorama of WWII and illuminates an intimate part of history seldom seen: the women involved in war. The Nightingale tells the stories of two sisters, separated by years and experience, by ideals, passion and circumstance, each embarking on her own dangerous path toward survival, love, and freedom.  It is a heart-breaking, beautiful novel that celebrates the resilience of the human spirit and the durability of women. It is a novel, especially for women, but enjoyable to everyone; It is a  novel for a lifetime.
Overall, I enjoyed the book. I've read some of the other reviews and agree that the dialogue was too modern for 1939. The story depicts the cruelities of war and I think does justice to the sister's relationship. A couple things I noticed.....why is it never discussed how they ended up in Oregon? They left a house that generations of their family had lived in....seemed odd. Also, a typo just as the SS is about to arrest them, Micheline calls Isabelle by her real name. Later, on the train to the POW camp, Isabelle tells Micheline her real name.<br/><br/>The story was good. The dipiction of life during those years was heart-wrenching. Again, the main characters dialogue was off to me, they didn't read as French....more as Americans.
This book is a visceral experience--powerful, moving and very unsettling. One that leaves you emotionally drained, and knocks you off balance. The haunting images it instills in your mind will stay with you for a few days, maybe more. It'll take another good book to erase them, or maybe a good movie. I'm having trouble getting into my next read. It seems so 'fluffy' compared to this book, even though it isn't or isn't supposed to be.<br/><br/>Nightingale is about two sisters. Isabelle and Vianne, victims of a family torn apart by war and PTSD.  How they cope with the family dysfunction are as different as night and day.  Abandoned by their father to total strangers, Vianne sought her escape at age 14 with love and marriage.  Isabelle fought back with teenage rebellion, and as soon as she is able--running away repeatedly from boarding school, sneaking off to Paris by herself.  Despite all her little-disguised attempts at getting attention, the cold, stone shell that is left of her father after WWI remained unmoved.  Eventually, Isabelle gets caught up in the resistance movement and plays a major role in it. While Vianne is stuck with a Nazi captain for a roommate. How both of them cope with their respective roles in wartime France covers most of the book: Isabelle as an active player and Vianne as an ordinary civilian struggling day-to-day to survive and scrounge around for the next meal for her daughter.<br/><br/>In another place and time, Vianne would be a perfect suburban soccer mom. But Isabelle is just the risk-taker type who would probably run off with her bf, do drugs, engage in petty crime, and rack up a lengthy rap sheet before 30.  But this is wartime France, and Isabelle's boundless energy, reckless and adventurous nature and passion for an ex-con makes her a perfect recruit for the resistance--fearless but pretty and innocent-looking enough that the authorities would never suspect.  The two sisters are estranged throughout most of the book, as are they to their father.  The first world war tore them apart.  Can the second draw them back together?  This book is as much about their complicated relationship as the struggles of the French people for survival under Nazi rule.  There is also a very beautiful but subdued love story, that is sadly, so appropriate for the book.  And the epilogue--one of the best I've ever read.<br/><br/>It is not everyday that we encounter a book as intense as 'Nightingale'.  And that is just as well, because, well, we read to relax, to escape, to clear our minds of our daily worries, even for just a while. But occasionally we NEED something to 'rock our world', so to speak. Something unforgettable that shocks, angers and reduces us to tears. If you've ever needed a book like that, put The Nightingale on your list.<br/><br/>Now, I'm off to refill my box of tissues.
This is one of those reviews that I am hesitant to write because despite my best efforts there is nothing I can say that will do this remarkable story justice.<br/><br/>The Nightingale is a historical fiction novel that takes place during World War II in Nazi-Occupied France. Vianne is a young wife and mother living a quiet life in the town of Carriveau. Her younger sister Isabelle has been expelled from her latest boarding school and is eager to make her way to Paris to reunite with her emotionally distant and seemingly uncaring father. As the Nazi's invade France and the war shapes their lives in unimaginable ways, both women are faced with great challenges and impossible choices.<br/><br/>Isabelle started off an impetuous, reckless young woman. Still a teenager and full of passion and ideals without any understanding of the implications of her actions. The change and growth in her over the course of the book was astounding. She did not lose her passion or her ideals, nor did she ever stop taking risks, but living under the constant strain of discovery turned Isabelle from flighty to steely in determination to do her part.<br/><br/>Vianne is content with her life in Carriveau but when her husband is sent to fight the Germans invading France, she suddenly has only herself to rely upon. Through food shortages and harsh winters and a Nazi officer living in her home, Vianne has no choice but to find the strength to protect her family any way she can.<br/><br/>Both sisters are faced with unthinkable choices and hardship. Whether for the greater good or for daily survival, each is forced to sacrifice. Both live daily with fear, danger and the uncertainty of the future. My heart broke again and again for these women, for their circumstances, for their hardships and losses. I was sickened by the atrocities committed by the Nazi's, the brutality of the concentration camps, but also in awe of the courage and bravery shown by ordinary people who had so much to lose but took action anyway.<br/><br/>Unlike many other novels about WW II, The Nightingale focuses on women. Their contributions and the impact on their lives. It tells the story of their courage, their bravery, their sacrifice. Women who joined the Resistance, women who hid Jewish friends or helped them escape, women who did without so their children (and the children of others) would not have to, women who endured unspeakable horrors and yet found the strength to stay alive. Just stay alive.<br/><br/>The Nightingale was a slow read for me. This is not a book to fly through. There was a slow progression of the story in the beginning. And I was reading even slower at the end because the events were so heart wrenching I was only able to read a few pages at a time before setting the book down in order to collect myself and try to keep the tears at bay. But even that was impossible. I was reduced to gasping, hiccupping sobs more than once in the last 30-40 pages. And it wasn't even possible to step back and tell myself it was just a story. Because it *did* happen. Maybe not to a woman named Vianne or a woman called Isabelle. Maybe not in the exact same way. But these events and these stories played out time and time again, in many different, horrific ways over the course of WW II.<br/><br/>The Nightingale is powerful, emotional, and heartbreaking. It took me on a difficult journey, one I don't regret, and will stay with me for a long time to come.<br/><br/>Wounds heal. Love Lasts. We remain.
Read it for book club, but I really felt like I was experiencing a Lifetime movie or The Hallmark channel. Not impressed.
I bought this book because of the 14,000 five star reviews.  How could that many people be wrong I figured?  However, it was all I could do to finish this book.  Several times throughout this book, I stopped and asked myself, "Have I already read this book?"  It all felt very familiar in places and unoriginal.  And on top of that, it was full of nothing but negativity.  I get it that this time period was full of hardship, but surely something positive could have happened at some point in this fictional story.  I would actually get in a bad mood just by reading this book.  I unfortunately did not enjoy this book at all and wish I could get back the time I spent reading it...
I can only repeat what all the other one-star reviews said.  I've just started the book and already it annoys me.
While I was interested in reading about the women of the French Resistance, this book read more like a romance novel. The character development is very shallow so that it is difficult to become attached to any of them. I never felt like much of the story was believable. The descriptions are vague and the dialogue is often trite and even corny. I was deceived by all the 5 star ratings and should have checked out the lower ratings as I found them to be more accurate afer reading the book.Hopefully I won't fall for that again!
I thought the plot was predictable and the scenes/characters stereotypical for WWII.
A fascinating story of World War Two that draws the reader (listener) right into the story.  Descriptions are thorough and effective and paint word pictures that carry the reader from page to page.  It's a long story - but interesting enough so you want to continue.  The reader of the CDs did an excellent job.  She changed voices for each character.  I enjoyed hearing the interaction between the characters and how each responded to the events happening around them.  Definitely a worthwhile read.
Lots of 4 and 5 stars reviews.  At the beginning, I had great expectations. I got disappointed very quickly.  Probably because I just finished “ All the light we cannot see” by Anthony Doerr. This book pales in comparison.  Too many novels about this period.  Everything seemed very predictable and not believable. The writing is very simplistic. The accuracy of the events described in the book is questionable.  The love of the daughters for their father is unconvincing.  Very disappointed.
After reading The Nightingale, I can say that I haven't been more glad to finish a book so I can write this review and hopefully save people the 8-12 hours of reading.<br/>The book is giant cliche - a cheap, romance novel at best. Even the characters who are supposed to be dynamic are relatively static, and all the males in the book are painfully pigeon-holed as tools.<br/>The language is stale and unimaginative; "dumbed-down" is the only cliched phrase that comes to mind - many cliched phrases such as this are also present in the text.<br/>Some of the scenes are embarrassingly cheesy - a women's fantasy of the war (the book also includes exhaustive descriptions of what the main characters wear everyday, which does nothing to further the plot or character development), and the scenes in which there actually is any kind of action are brief and shallow.<br/>ALL TELLING NO SHOWING.<br/>IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO READ GOOD LITERATURE, DON'T READ THIS; IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A WOMAN'S WET DREAM OF WWII, THEN GO FOR IT.
Every cliche in the World War II handbook was here. The characters were cardboard, particularly the men, but it was a page turner anyway because it was eventful - this happened, and then that and that. And it begins with an unnamed narrator and you have stay with it to find out which sister survived the war. There are too many other well written - beautifully realized -  novels covering this era to recommend this one.
After seeing so many 5 star reviews for this book I expected some very serious historical fiction that would hold my interest.  Instead this was like a combination of chick lit and wikapedia history.  The characters were not well developed or interesting and did not seem real to me.  This was a rather simplified, romanticized and at times anachonistic version of the horrors of war and did not ring true.
I wish I had not purchased this based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews. I should have dug a little deeper. I cannot bring myself to finish this mess. VERY unsatisfying and a chore to read. This reads like a Lifetime movie: weak character development, countless anachronisms, implausible situations. I could go on and on. It is written at maybe a 7th grade reading level.
If I had to take one book on a desert island, this would be the one. It was written with such beauty and intense feelings for the characters and plot. I hated reading the last page because I wanted more. I found myself crying, feeling horror and joy and being thankful I never lived in Europe during WW2. I may not have survived that concentration camp.
Rather poorly researched, more soap opera than realism.
I loved reading this book and couldn't put it down. I loved the passion and the detailed  intrigue. The author chose expressive and visual excitement in presenting the story. The characters were so real I felt I was a part of the story! Enjoyed reading historical novel from the view point of the women left behind.  The idea is rare.
Not sure why or how this novel received so many accolades.  Predictable situations and characters.
Can't get past the first quarter of the book.  The writing is very stilted and choppy, creating no sense of flow or immersion into the story.  Poor character development, unbelievable events and complete lack of atmosphere.  I had just finished All the Light We Cannot See and this novel could not hold a candle to that book.  Don't waste your time unless you prefer ridiculous romantic unrealistic yarns.
How is this considered well written? It seems like the author bought a boatload of adjectives and then determined that she had to use every one of them in the first twenty pages. The characters are certainly not of their own time and I can't waste any more of my time on this book.
I could not bring myself to finish this book. I don't understand these glowing reviews. Other reviewers hit it on the head when they describe it as contemporary chick lit set in ww2. Historical inaccuracies abound. The writing is superficial. The first chapter, set in the present, was promising, but I had to put it down several chapters in as I could feel my IQ dropping.
"Don’t forget me"<br/><br/>More humble and heroic words had never been spoken by the heroine in Kristen Hannah’s latest novel, The Nightingale.  Yet, so many seem to do just that – we forget the battle that women fight during times of war.  And Hannah so gracefully reminded us that their stories are the most harrowing of all.<br/><br/>World War II took the world by storm, with barely any warning.  Rumors sprouted from gossip, whispers of change in the air that nobody wanted to believe, that nobody thought possible.  Before preparations could be made, life began to change.  Where once there was solitude in day to day life, the scenery quickly began to change all across Europe.  Soldiers replaced civilians, tanks and lorries replaced motorcars.  Normal conversations on the street turned to food queues with ration cards and friends afraid to make eye contact with one another. Men were called to duty and women stayed home with the children.<br/><br/>We all know the story – how it progresses, the evils and tortures committed, and the tragedies endured – and we all know how it ends.  The saddest of truths are the heartbreaks in between.  Hannah, however, does a brilliant job encapsulating not only the abuse and torture that the women were left behind to endure, she weaves a magnificent tale of heroism.<br/><br/>Upon picking up this novel, it is near impossible to put down.  The reader is immediately drawn into the curiosity and bravery of Isabelle Rossignol and the beautiful innocence of Paris before the war.  We are lucky to watch her grow and adapt, save lives and overcome.<br/><br/>And love. Every movement, every decision, every risk – Isabelle did with love.  Despite the war, despite the bombs and the guns.  The Nazis and corrupt policemen.  Despite the hate and anger and fear – there was still love.  While men fought for their country and then fought for their lives as prisoners of war, the women were prisoners of a different sort.  They fought for their family – for the life they once knew.  Prayer and hope floated through the breeze and carried them from one day to the next.  And the next. Weeks turned into months, turned into years.  Love carried them through.  There was a romance in WWII that is almost impossible to put into words, yet Kristen Hannah has done just that – she has captured the most beautiful human emotion on paper.<br/><br/>It is with regret (and a half a box of tissue) that I have turned the last page in this tragic love story.  This is a novel that I will not soon forget and I will carry these words with me in the days to come.  Though it is but a work of fiction, I believe there are millions of true stories that are equally heartbreaking.  It is unfortunate that most of the survivors of this horrific war are no longer around to tell their stories – as I think WWII is one of the most romantic periods in modern history.  Strange as that may sound, it’s true.  I would give anything to sit down with a real-life nightingale and hear her words, watch her face as she remembers her life gone by.  Hold her hand when she gets to the tough parts and wipe her tears as she pictures the face of the man she loved.  A love that carried her through the hardest of times, prompted her to do unimaginable things to save her family.  A love that was the cruelest at times and the purest of sorts.  A love not to be forgotten.  No, Nightingale, you will not be forgotten.  A copy was provided for review and there was no monetary compensation.
Kristin Hannah has written a significant novel concerning the German occupation of the town of Carriveau in France during WWII. Kristin highlights the lives of Vianne Mauriac (who twice had German officers billeted at her home; one a somewhat gentleman, the other a nightmare) and her rebellious younger sister, Isabelle, who eventually joins the French Resistance and acquires the code name...The Nightingale. With Kristin holding the number of main characters to about six people, she created great empathy for all involved. This novel was the most sentimental and tragic story that I’ve read in along time. Of course all books or novels involving the German occupation are sad, but this novel is noteworthy. I recently read Tilar J. Mazzeo’s The Hotel on Place Vendome (see my review of 5/4/2014) and Anthony Doerr’s All the Light We Cannot See (see my review of 12/30/2014). Although these novels were very engaging, they didn’t leave me with the woebegone feeling that I had when I finished Kristin Hannah’s novel. Great job, Kristin. Okay, enough...what’s the story about?<br/><br/>In 1939 France, war is in the air. Vianne, her husband Antoine and daughter Sophie enjoy life in the country until Antoine gets notice from the Vichy government headed by Marshal Phillippe Petain (WWI hero) that he is in the army now. Vianne can’t believe that the Germans will invade France, but they do. Marshall Petain, for some undefined reason, gives in quickly. Meanwhile, Vianne’s sister is expelled from school again. Isabelle became rebellious after her and Vianne’s mother died and as their father lost interest in them and began to drink heavily. Isabelle leaves her father and Paris to move in with Vianne. On her way to Carriveau, the Germans drop bombs and Isabelle meets Gaetan, a French Resistor who thinks she is too young to fight. Isabelle arrives at Vianne’s home the same time the Germans arrive in town. They are in the “occupied zone”, while the surrendering Marshall Petain is in the German friendly “free zone”. A German Captain Beck decides to billet at the sister’s home. He tells Vianne that her husband Antoine is a POW and she will never see him again. Isabelle is defiant to Capt. Beck, while Vianne wants no trouble in the house in order to protect her daughter Sophie.<br/><br/>Isabelle meets French Communist Resistor, Henri Navarre, who talks her into secretly distributing “mutinous flyers” from Gen. de Gaulle, who is operating out of London. Vianne, a local teacher, is asked by Capt. Beck to list the names of the teachers at her school who are Jews, Communist, Homosexuals, Freemasons or Jehovah’s Witnesses. Not wanting trouble, Vianne gives him the names including the name of her best friend and neighbor, Rachel, who is a Jew. She regrets giving Rachel’s name to Captain Beck, but realizes that he would have found out anyway, which would have caused her family grief. Isabelle heads to Paris to get involved in the French Resistance and moves in with her father who objects. On page 161, “she had delivered her first secret message for the Free French.” Isabelle is now using the name, Juliette Gervaise and her contact is a weird woman named Anouk. When Isabelle finds a downed RAF pilot, her modus operandi is born. This is where the story ignites all the way to the finish line.<br/><br/>There is so much sadness in the ensuing pages, but also a feeling of satisfaction as the French underground continues to befuddle the Germans. There is so much to tell the readers, that I wish this was a book report instead of a book review. But the good thing is that the readers can now go out and get themselves a copy of Kristin Hannah’s scintillating novel to read over and over again. This is the best novel that I’ve read this year, but we still have almost three months left this year. As Vianne might say, “nous verrons.” (we shall see)
1995<br/>It is present day Oregon and an elderly widow lives alone.  While we are not told her name, we find that she has just recently sold her house and that she is going to be placed in an adult care facility at the behest of her son, Julien.  Just months ago, her own husband died and she discusses at length just how weak she feels herself to be.  Her eyesight is growing weaker and she is not as strong as she once was.  One day while in her attic she discovers something that reminds her of the past, of a life that once was and how it was a very different world.  Discovering the name of Juliette Gervaise, our heroine slips back into the past, back into the world that once was...<br/><br/>1939<br/>Vianne Mauriac is a young woman who is happily married to her handsome childhood sweetheart, Antoine.  The couple lives with their daughter, Sophie, in the tiny country hamlet of Carriveau, situated in the Loire Valley region of France.  Living in a house known as Le Jardin (French for "the Garden"), the Mauriacs exist in what seems to be an almost idyllic manner with all sorts of splendid, happy moments.  One day, when Antoine begins to mention the impending war, Vianne grows visibly frustrated and urges him to stop speaking about it.  It appears that she would be happier just pretending such a thing will never happen.  Shortly after, Antoine leaves Vianne and Sophie as he goes off to war to fight for the French army.  Vianne is beside herself, wishing that she could hold him back from going, but he is determined to fight for France.  With one last "I love you," Antoine is gone.<br/><br/>Isabelle Rossignol is a very devil-may-care eighteen-year-old who has been thrown out of private schools and convent schools for as long as she can remember.  After the death of her mother years before and being abandoned by Vianne, her sister, Isabelle is pretty much on her own.  When she makes one wrong move at her current school, she is informed that she must leave and that means that she needs to return to her emotionally unavailable father, Julien, who lives in Paris.  As he picks her up at the train station, he is furious that she is back and declares that she will not be staying long.  Not long after, he sends her off to live with her sister in Carriveau, altogether washing his hands of her.<br/><br/>En route to visit her sister, Isabelle witnesses the horrors of war firsthand.  When the Nazis advance with an aerial attack, she observes many people die around her from the onslaught and, as per usual, she finds herself very much alone.  Filthy and surrounded by strangers eager to escape the attack, Isabelle is helped by Gaëtan, a young man who is dressed in dirty clothing.  Unsurprisingly, she discovers that this young man is a criminal and that he was let out of prison recently, someone he asserts that she should be wary of.  All throughout the chaos, he looks after her and makes sure that she survives the horrid situation.  However, it is in watching innocent French people die that Isabelle's resolution to join the French resistance is made.  By the time that the two of them make it to Carriveau, Isabelle is injured and weak, having gone days without eating anything.  It is there that she admits her feelings for the mysterious and young Gaëtan, daring to say, "I love you."  Like a scared rabbit, he tells Isabelle that she isn't ready and leaves her at her sister's house.<br/><br/>When the Nazis officially take over Carriveau, life turns upside down for the two sisters.  Vianne is interested only in surviving the war and by keeping her head down so that she doesn't attract any unwanted attention by the occupiers.  Isabelle, on the other hand, is determined to join the French resistance and will stop at nothing to bring the Nazis down.  The fact that Isabelle is very vocal on this point causes a lot of conflict between the two sisters.  In time, a German Wehrmacht officer by the name of Captain Wolfgang Beck comes to billet with them and things take an interesting turn.  Despite the fact that Beck is a very polite young man, Isabelle continues to rail against him and practically snubs him.  Vianne, on the other hand, is kind towards the Captain and she seems to live with him in relative peace, but secretly fears that Isabelle will make them a target for the Nazis.<br/><br/>One day, Isabelle is caught by a man after she has made a "V" for "Victory" on a German propaganda anti-Semitic poster and he drags her away.  Thinking that she has been caught by the Nazis, Isabelle steels herself and hopes that she can talk her way out of it.  When dragged before a group of men, Isabelle learns that the men are all a part of the French resistance and that they would like her to join them.  There is a man who prints pamphlets out of Paris and they need someone to deliver them.  Utterly fearless as she is, Isabelle jumps at the chance and, before she knows it,  she is part of the underground movement.<br/><br/>“The Nightingale” was a really brilliant read, including well-rounded but flawed characters, heart-wrenching scenes that left me on the edge of my seat, and left me with a sense of awe.  The way in which the author depicted these characters made them seem believable and as if they were real people who had lived.  The young, foolhardy, and brave Isabelle really blew my mind with all that she achieved and the manner in which she carried herself around the enemy.  In her, I saw her fears, her flaws, and her hopes for romance during wartime.  To put it succinctly, I found her to be absolutely spell-bounding.<br/><br/>Vianne, on the other hand, was a very interesting character with a great deal of depth.  Towards the beginning of the book, I was not very fond of her because I found her to be shallow and somewhat mousy.  However, as the story progressed, she transformed from this meek little creature to an individual who was forced to stand on her own two feet in the face of the enemy.  She did what she could to keep her family afloat during a time of war and that made her seem brave, enduring.  What I adored most about this story, outside of its fantastic portrayal of patriotism in a conquered country, was that it was about two sisters who were divided by past circumstances but that they came together.  Isabelle and Vianne may never have gotten along, but in the end, they put differences aside to join together and that was beautiful.  Needless to say, this book left me in tears.  If I could give this 6 stars, I would.  However, 5 stars will have to suffice for now!<br/><br/>** Book Review by The Merry Wife of Windsor **<br/>www.MerryWifeofWindsor.com
A very well done book that focuses on the abuses in France during the German occupation (1940 to 1944).  Well written, with poignant observations from the narrators that carry the story in a contemporary yarn with important, major flashbacks.  Minor reservations involve a lack of information that places the story in context of key events during the war.  Moreover, so many people in and outside of Germany did not know about the concentration camps and what they were actually doing there.  Also, the writer never mentions major resistance groups like the Comite d' Action Socialiste, or France-Tireurs et Partisans (FTP) that were major resistance groups that also aided downed flyers and civilians, such as scientists, engineers, and anti-Nazi propagandists, to escape through France.  Even though these escapees reached Spain, they had to be very careful about going to British Embassies carefully monitored by Gestapo agents.  The best escape route was to make it to Portugal, where the government, even though a neutral, was more accommodating than the Spanish.<br/>  One final note.  The author does not characterize the Basque adequately.  These people have traditionally lived and traveled through northern Spain and southern France without regard for the border.  And, they lived and interacted closely with Gypsies.  Many of the secret passes between France and Spain in the Pyrenees were monitored and protected by a combination of Basques and Gypsies who hated the Germans because of how they were persecuted by the Nazis.<br/>  Overall, this is a quick and emotional read, designed to appeal more to women than men.  It would be improved by a greater attention to context, the groups involved in the French resistance and what they actually did to help people escape France.<br/>very
This was a really great read and the only reason I am not giving<br/>it five stars is due to my taking issue with the glaring historical<br/>errors shown at bottom of this review.<br/>Vianne and Isabelle are sisters ten years apart.  Their father came<br/>back from the first world war a broken man.  Then his wife died<br/>and he could not handle taking care of his two daughters so<br/>dumped them on a relative at his wife's broken down,large family<br/>home near a small French town.<br/>Vivane married young and has one living child.  Very happily married<br/>living a very contented domestic life.<br/>Isabelle is kicked out of one more boarding school at age 18.<br/>When the Germans take over France in June 1940 each woman take<br/>paths into a life they never could have imagined.<br/>Isabelle goes from secretly placing subversive leaflets all over to<br/>taking downed fliers to safety on harrowing routes.<br/>Vivane is left alone as her husband is prisoner of war.  She endures<br/>much during the occupation.  This part of the story was the most honest<br/>and effective as it showed how the Nazis take over and their policies<br/>were unveiled slowly over the course of 2 years.  I do give credit to the<br/>author for this very true part of the French history during the occupation.<br/>Each sister goes through the horrors of the war in very different ways.<br/>A very satisfying ending to an epic,engrossing tale about one part of<br/>the second world war.<br/>Glaring historical errors:<br/>1. I don't think they were using the term "antibiotics" in<br/>France in 1941.  It actually was coined and used only by scientists<br/>in 1942/1943.  Word of this would not have reached occupied France.<br/>2.Yes,even though they deny this the people in Germany<br/>and other countries knew something bad was going on<br/>with all the empty returned cattle cars.  However, there was<br/>no way an average officer in a small town in France would<br/>know of the term"final Solution" in 1944 or what that even meant.<br/>Even if he did he would have been sworn to the death to ever<br/>discuss it and with an enemy civilian??? No way.<br/>3. No allied troops came upon any concentration camps until<br/>late April 1945 or early May.  Yes,the Soviets freed some in<br/>January 1945 but it took Anne Frank's father about 6 months<br/>on a very round about route to finally make it home to Holland<br/>in summer,1945.<br/>Come on!  You are the best selling author of numerous books!<br/>DO YOUR RESEARCH PEOPLE!
It's always difficult to read a Holocaust/World War II novel or non-fiction narrative.  Kristin Hannah's book, and this is her best one, is heart breaking.  Although, the War was not speedy, Hannah presented the turn of events one right after the other.  She did not shy away from the realism of the atrocities or the cruelty of the Germans.<br/><br/>Set in France, two sisters, often estranged, fight the war in their own way. Isabelle, an easily-angered young woman, who did not recognize authority, is the heroine of the story.  Her sister, Vianne, is also a heroine but she is managing her survival for her children and others.  Hannah does not avoid the naivety of the French who assume that their own government, under Petain, will save them.  The French Resistance, usually unsuccessful, always fascinated me.  There seemed to be so few French, including the weak army, who defended their countrymen.  They sold out to the Germans, handing over the Jews, not much better than the Poles.<br/><br/>Hannah, however, gives us these two women, who although not revered, as saviors . They brilliantly fought the Nazis and saved some Jewish children.  Carefully crafted, this book sequences the War's events from the French perspective while the author memorializes some French heroes.  This is a page turner and an easy book to bring the reader to tears.  The suffering of those who were defeated by the Germans is never palatable, but this book provided great sorrow.  Isabelle and Vianne represented intelligent women with a sense of history who defended their homeland and their citizens.  Vianne was a woman with children and Isabelle was smarter and braver than most men.  Hannah's allusions to the British and American soldiers was also quite interesting.<br/><br/>The story involves rape, prisoners of war, corruption and heroism.  It also makes me beg the question once again, how could the Germans kill so easily, torture without remorse and escalate their brutality as they were losing the war?  Following orders remains the poorest excuse.
I’d not read Kristin Hannah before picking up The Nightingale and in all honestly, I’d given the jacket description only a cursory glance before accepting the title for review. I knew a few of my friends enjoyed the book, but I’d made a point of avoiding their assessment of the piece. I’m rambling, but I guess what I’m trying to say is that I seriously underestimated this book.<br/><br/>Hannah’s illustration of occupied France is nothing short of brilliant. Supply shortages, displaced refugees, the plight of the Jewish people, the changing political landscape, the resistance movement, and the daily struggle to hang onto hope in the shadow of the German swastika are all represented in Vianne and Isabelle’s story, but the way Hannah manipulates the material and uses it to shape the sisters and their relationship is what makes this novel truly special.<br/><br/>Of the two, I suppose I felt closer to Vianne, but Isabelle is an equally compelling character and I feel the differences between the two only made the story more moving. The emotional depth Hannah gifted these women, the strength and fortitude she showed in such varied contexts is both eloquent and heartbreaking. Theirs is a powerful story of passion, family, courage, conviction and faith, it is the kind of drama that haunts your imagination and touches something deep in your soul.<br/><br/>Historically speaking I felt the novel impeccably well-researched, but the Ravensbrück scenes stand out in my memory. Most authors focus on Auschwitz-Birkenau, Theresienstadt and Dachau and maybe it’s because I began reading Ravensbruck: Life and Death in Hitler's Concentration Camp for Women by Sarah Helm halfway through The Nightingale, but I found Hannah’s unapologetic portrayal of the brutality in the oft overlooked labor camp intense and fascinating.<br/><br/>It sounds odd considering he is a German officer, but I thought Wolfgang Beck an inspired addition to the cast, especially alongside to Von Richter. That said, neither holds a candle to Julien Rossignol. He enjoys a supporting role, but his part brought tears to my eyes.<br/><br/>Looking back on this piece sends chills down my spine and while I don’t usually buy into editorial reviews, I have to admit author Sara Gruen hit the nail on the head when she said The Nightingale is “a beautifully written and richly evocative examination of life, love, and the ravages of war, and the different ways people react to unthinkable situations (not to mention the terrible and mounting toll of keeping secrets. This powerhouse of a story is equally packed with action and emotion, and is sure to be another major hit.”
"If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: In love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are."<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah opens her newest novel, The Nightingale, with this sentence that acts as the driving theme in her WWII portrait of women during war. Hannah's main characters are sisters with a fractured past. Their bond is tenuous before the war, and nearly breaks entirely once the Nazi's invade France. The elder sister is Vianne Mauriac, a devoted mother and wife who fights her war at home in Carriveau, where a Nazi has billeted at her home while her husband is in a work camp in Germany. Isabelle Rossignol is the impetuous younger sister whose anger about the war drives her toward the French Resistance.<br/><br/>(For my full review: http://bit.ly/1FxvaEk)<br/><br/>Vianne is representative of the women who were left behind in war. Women must carry on; they must make the most of a terrible situation and survive. Vianne lives the grueling reality of food shortages even after standing in lines all day with ration cards. She is our witness to the horrific winters in which she has to resort to burning the only furniture left in her home after the Nazi's confiscate everything of value. Vianne watches her daughter linger on the brink of starvation while the threat of violence in her town and in her very home begins to mount. For as weak as she thinks herself to be in comparison to Isabelle, she is a survivor and a fierce mother.<br/><br/>Isabelle was an exciting character to follow, because she was willing to risk her life for a Free France. She distributes "terrorist" propaganda to Carriveau citizens keeping them abreast of the real news of the war; she moves to Paris to become a courier for the resistance; and she eventually becomes The Nightingale. I don't want to give too much away, but I can guarantee an interesting and informational read from both the women's perspectives.<br/><br/>The story is framed by one of the older sisters looking back on her life. Hannah admitted that she didn't know which sister the old woman was until the end, and I think it's important that the reader experience something similar in the reading, so I won't give it away. I thought, in terms of writing, these were the weaker sections of the narrative. It's obvious that the writer is writing around the telling details.<br/><br/>There were a few redundancies in the prose; repeated phrases that I caught because I read the book in a short time span. It didn't detract from my enjoyment of the story, but I picked up on them as well as the hammered home messages of love being the triumphant emotion above hate. It became too poignant and overly sentimental in some places where some literary nuance would have benefit the narrative.<br/><br/>If you like historical fiction from this era, then you will probably enjoy this book. The writing is good, but it's not the kind of poetic prose found in Anthony Doerr's "All The Light We Cannot See." The thing that will grab you are these women and how well realized they are as characters. They come alive in this historical setting and they endure and fight their own war - the forgotten war of women.
“Men tell stories. Women get on with it. For us it was a shadow war. There were no parades for us when it was over, no medals or mentions in history books. We did what we had to during the war, and when it was over, we picked up the pieces and started our lives over.”<br/><br/>I have to admit, it wasn't looking good at the beginning.<br/><br/>We open on an older woman. We don't know her name, but we know she is dying. She climbs her rickety attic stairs to pour through an old chest she hasn't opened in 50 years. Her son finds her, wants to know what she's looking at, why she's come up to the attic in her condition. She doesn't want to tell him, but we can feel the past pulling us back... (I'm not giving anything away, this is all in the first two pages.)<br/><br/>Cli-che. I almost stopped. But I kept reading.<br/><br/>Next we are in the past. France, 1939. A woman is going on a picnic with her husband and daughter. Her name is Vianne. Her husband is handsome. Her daughter is beautiful. They walk through their quaint town. The town is described ad nauseum. They get to the river. They have their picnic. Their daughter plays by the water. The husband tells his wife he is going to war. They go home. The woman puts her basket away and walks through her house. Her house is described ad nauseum.<br/><br/>At this point I wondered if I should just stop reading. Cliches and abundant descriptions and not much else. But this is France, World War II. And I saw so many glowing reviews so I gave it one more shot.<br/><br/>And then Isabelle showed up. And this book started to breath. And when I mean breath, I mean it became a living thing in my hands and I was afraid to put it down. I was afraid it would wander away and I would never see it again.<br/><br/>The Nightingale is special because it concentrates on the parts of war that are usually left out of the history books - women and the home front. It gives us two sisters who are as different as night and day - both with great amounts of courage, also as different as night and day. One sister joins the resistance in Paris, the other fights to survive and keep her daughter alive even as the enemy sleeps under her roof.<br/><br/>These women, the ones who lived under the Nazi occupation and the ones who fought against it, are so important, yet they hardly ever make the history pages. I'm not saying that men are not brave and that they didn't fight with honor and valor, or that they don't deserve medals and parades. Because they absolutely do.<br/>But these women have rarely had a voice in history, which is what makes this book so exceptional.<br/><br/>I've never read another book by Kristin Hannah, but if they are all this riveting she may become my new favorite author.
Hannah is one of the most outstanding writers of our time, and it rankles me no end that a book such as this won't win the Pulitzer, it'll go again to some poorly researched piece of drek like THE GOLDFINCH. My grandfather, father, five uncles and an aunt all served in combat roles during WWII. One reviewer wrote that she now understands why her father and uncles didn't speak much about the war. They wanted us to grow up happy and protected from ever enduring what the children they'd seen were subjected to....but the experience changed all of them, and not always in a good way.  My father, who was among the US forces liberating Italy, told us just enough that I knew I could never take freedom for granted....ever.  Two images have stayed in my mind for over 60 years. One is the scenario of dead townsmen shot in the town square as a way of subduing the populace, a frequent Nazi tactic and one Hannah writes of, and second, a band of starving children attacking a starving dog and ripping it apart, eating it raw and fighting over it, a sight my father witnessed as they came into an Italian town. Because these things happened long ago doesn't mean they can't happen again, nor that similarly horrific events aren't happening now.  Please start watching the world news if you aren't now...Hannah was able to portray many things beautifully in this book, but I wish she'd given a little more coverage to the horrendous losses our American troops suffered. Normandy was one of the worst military slaughters in the history of the world.  She also portrayed something I think we all need to keep in mind during today's dangerous times....you may be betrayed by your friends and neighbors, so don't think loyalty is a given. Second, the enemy sometimes can surprise you with unexpected kindness, as Capt. Beck demonstrated in the story.  I think the most powerful message one can take from this book is that it is a slice of history that may be about to be repeated.  Atrocities are occurring around the world as you read this....be aware of events, prepare as best you can in case the worst happens, it's not fiction in a distant land.  There's no guarantee we won't be in a similar boat. Hannah mentioned that the French, for the most part, would not/ could/not believe anything bad was going to happen to them.  Do not take your freedom for granted.......ever.  And as someone who's lived a long time, my final advice would be the same as one of Hannah's themes....enjoy every moment of the day, and I'll add to that, don't worry about petty things that don't matter much in the shadow of evil.
This is probably not my 1st choice for a novel to listen on audio since I usually gravitate toward mysteries and thrillers, but I was at the end of my book when this became available and I thought I'd give it a listen.  I'm so glad that I did!!!  What a well written and interesting book!<br/><br/>The book starts with an old woman that is moving from her Oregon Coast home to an assisted living center.  She is suffering from terminal cancer and goes through the story of her life from the time she was growing up in a small town in France after the death of her mother through world war 2 and what happens to her and her family during the occupation.<br/><br/>The book centers around Viann and Isabel, who come of age during world war 2 and the German occupation.  Viann is a young wife with a small daughter whose husband is called to war.  She is the responsible daughter who tries to do the right thing and play by the rules, unlike her sister, Isabel who has gotten kicked out of every school and convent that she attends and feels rules are made to be broken.<br/><br/>The war takes them in very different directions as Viann's house is taken over by a Nazi soldier and Isabel becomes an aid in the Resistance.<br/><br/>The book occasionally peeks back to the present day, but basically is the story of the two sisters and their family and friends during the occupation.<br/><br/>I found there were lots of twists and the last several disks really kept the plot moving.  I was moved and very satisfied with the book.  It was not necessarily an upbeat story, but a story about survival and the ties we have with our family and friends and what we do to survive.<br/><br/>What a satisfying book this was.  I was actually sorry to see it end and found myself listening much longer than I usually will with a book on disk.  Also I must add that Polly Stone the reader is excellent and really gives the story a voice (literally and figuratively).<br/><br/>Overall, a very good book, well told and moving.  I would definitely recommend and will also be seeking out more books from this author to see if I chance upon another gem like this one.
Let's start with the important part - I HIGHLY recommend this book.<br/><br/>I have read many of Kristin Hannah's novels in the past, but none prepared me for the spell that this story casts: a tale of two sisters caught up in the horrors of occupied France in World War II.  While the characters are fictional, the story is based on factual events.  It is a story of great love, humanitarianism and courage in the face of sacrifice, bigotry and cruelty.<br/><br/>Viann is the older, married sister who is left behind in a small French village when her husband is called to defend the country against Hitler's invasion.  A school teacher and mother, she feels she must protect her daughter, Sophie, at all costs by keeping a low profile and following the ever-changing "rules" imposed by the German soldiers occupying her town.  Her carefully planned strategy is upset when Isabelle, her estranged sister, arrives from Paris after an horrific journey on foot. Isabelle is the polar opposite of Viann's personality - headstrong, impulsive and self-centered.  All of these dynamics are complicated by their mutual family history which includes the early death of their mother and an emotionally distant, alcoholic father overwhelmed by the effects of his service in World War I and the loss of his wife. Predictably there is conflict between the sisters as Isabelle seeks to serve in the French resistance movement, putting Viann and Sophie in danger.  Ultimately each sister finds a unique path to express her caring for the victims of the war and to learn the deeper meaning of love, compassion and forgiveness.<br/><br/>The subject matter is both challenging and inspiring.  I found it hard to put the book down and toward the end I felt totally immersed in the reality of the two sisters.  Kristin Hannah is to be applauded for her compelling style of storytelling and for shedding light on the role of heroic women in the nightmare of the Nazi occupation. In one of the darkest periods of modern history, the author evokes the light of the human spirit that survives even the most brutal conditions.
I loved this book. I loved it, even as I dreaded what might happen to the characters next. I loved it, even when I promised myself I would stop reading because the words were just too much pain and fear to absorb.  I loved this book, even though I cried far more than I laughed, as I lived with these tremendous characters through the six most horrific years of their lives.<br/><br/>Being an avid reader of WWII fiction, I've encountered many retellings of the harrowing, ghastly atrocities that defined those years in our world's history. All of them have been moving and thought-provoking.<br/><br/>But I have never read a story about the Great War that captivated me the way this book did. The characters were incredibly well-written, intense, real people. And each story line intertwined so beautifully, so powerfully that reading the book was like being carried along on an enormous river's current: you're palpably scared of what might come next, yet you feel tiny moments of excitement and joy as you careen through the landscape.<br/><br/>There are plot lines in this novel which involve young children, and as the mother of young boys, these were particularly hard to get through. I found myself wondering how people can survive the kind of pain and loss experienced by the characters in the novel (made all the more horrifying because these experiences were real and happened to countless families during that tragic time period).<br/><br/>But what an incredible thing it is, having read this story, to look at my own children knowing that they are always safe and warm and well fed, and to feel so truly grateful for that gift.  It is very rare to have a book change the way one sees the world. This book did that for me.
The following few lines from the book description above hits the nail right on the head in terms of describing The Nightingale, by Kristin Hannah. "With courage, grace and powerful insight, bestselling author Kristin Hannah captures the epic panorama of WWII and illuminates an intimate part of history seldom seen: the women's war. The Nightingale tells the stories of two sisters, separated by years and experience, by ideals, passion and circumstance, each embarking on her own dangerous path toward survival, love, and freedom in German-occupied, war-torn France--a heartbreakingly beautiful novel that celebrates the resilience of the human spirit and the durability of women. It is a novel for everyone, a novel for a lifetime."<br/><br/>Hannah does an excellent job of keeping the plot moving in an interesting and exciting, yet very disturbing, way. I found her characters  and the settings she describes in The Nightingale to be so realistic that I felt that I was "right there" personally experiencing all of the hardships and tragedies -- and, a times, love -- that occurred during this period in history. Further, Hannah's writing style had me turning the pages at a very fast pace throughout the book; and by the time I got to the last 100 pages I couldn't put the book down at all.<br/><br/>Needless to say, The Nightingale is a book I highly recommend! In closing, let me reassure any men thinking about reading this book but are perhaps concerned about it being a "woman's book," that you could put your concerns to rest. The Nightingale is a book for everyone; everyone, that is, who is not concerned about reading a book that is very emotionally impactful.
This book has stuck with me for days, and I find myself sobbing if I let myself think about it too deeply. Never has a book gotten under my skin to this extent, and I finally realized why. It's not just the atrocities of the Nazis; I've read that before and, while it never stops horrifying me, that alone isn't it. It's not just that it happened to a wife and mother, as I am, although, the way these women are written, I feel like I know them, far more than with other authors. I realized that it is because so few "chick lit" stories capture this level of bravery, compassion, the true love of a friend, mom, sister, neighbor with so much empathy. Plus, the bravery and love comes from women who aren't 2D saints, but, in fact, are written to have mistakes, regrets, uncertainties, even moments of ugliness, that stay with them for years. When I sob about this book, it isn't just sadness that is getting me, but inspiration, admiration, hope. It's made me appreciate the everyday blessings I take for granted. I see the health of my children and the food in my pantry in a new way.<br/><br/>It isn't just women who are taken from ordinary to extraordinary, either. This may possibly be the only book by a usual "chick lit" author that I not only want my daughters to read, but my sons, too, when they are much older and have the maturity to get through this. I usually hate the level of violence in this book, but, in the historical context it is, unfortunately, an educational necessity to grapple with.<br/><br/>I don't know if anyone will actually read this review, but I just had to write something to process the experience of reading this book.
This is by far the best of the current crop of fiction novels. "The Girl on the Train" and even Pultizer Prize winner "The Goldfinch" pale in readability and excitement to Hannah's work. This is truly stellar in every respect.<br/><br/>What makes this writing so unique is that it touches on an aspect of how the Nazi occupation of France in particular and Europe in general affected the women who were left behind as their husbands and lovers went to war. I can recall no fictional account in recent memory that dealt with this subject in such poignant terms. The lives of the two sisters, Vianne and Isabelle, represent those women who stayed at home and fought their own battles and those who risked their lives in the Resistance or underground movement.<br/><br/>Nearly 70 years later and we still cannot comprehend the terrible atrocities that befell those who attempted to live some form of a normal life while facing persecution, privation, and death on a daily basis. This graphic novel helps this current generation to understand and come to grips in sordid detail with a period of history that people of earlier generations are still trying to fathom and digest.<br/><br/>Hannah has done a great service in enlightening as well as reminding us that we can never allow this monstrous episode to repeat itself.
Put it down after first hundred pages.  Just seemed like a romance novel set in WWII.  Not what I like to read.  Found characters not believable, but perhaps that is what the romance lovers like.
This is a beautifully written story of two sisters surviving in occupied France during World War II. The courage, struggle and day-to-day reality of life in a country not just at war, but lost, is richly told and realistically depicted. The anguish, agony and constant fear those who helped the Resistance lived under was, yes, heroic, but also fractious, occasionally petty and never easy or elegant.<br/><br/>The focus her on two very real-feeling sisters, with all the emotional and psychological baggage that brings, is a good one. Isabelle and Viann are both fully realized, achingly real women, who spend much of the war in a day-to-day battle for survival. The hardships they endure are gripping and the always-very-real-possibilty of discovery and death is never far from their, or the reader's, minds.<br/><br/>Author Kristin Hannah immerses you completely in their world, and life in France at one of its lowest points as a nation. This is a beautiful, moving read, that manages to be true to history and its characters yet draws you in like a thriller. A page turner that offers more than thrills or mystery. I throughly enjoyed my time in this world, even as I constantly feared for its inhabitants.
I was too aware of the writer in this book.  It read like a school essay.  I didn't get far enough into it to critique the story because I was so put off by the quality of the writing.
Thank you Kristin Hannah for writting such a beautiful and inspiring story! I just finished to read The Nightingale and I can not stop thinking how lucky we are to live today and not to have to make choices about how we are going to survive tomorrow. I am French, my parents were born in 1945 just after the second war ended and both of my Grandfathers were prisoner in Germany camps for 5 years. After reading this book, I wished I asked my Grandmothers about their life during those terrible 5 years. I rembember them being very upset when we were not finishing our food and how bad it was to throw food away which at the time was so silly to me but how much I understand today that food can be so precious, we are so lucky and spoiled today it is almost a shame. I also remember that they never really wanted to talk about the war, how could I blame them for that, I would not want to remember such a dark time in my life , But we should never forgive how terrible war can be. Thank you for all this women and man that sacrifice their life for the freedom of France. Thank you Kristin Hannah for making us remember.<br/>Forgive but never forget.
Just came across as an over-hyped bodice ripper sort of book with a flashing-eyed beauty of a heroine and a hunky, poor, but noble, hero.  Sort of junior high school writing.
This was a heartbreaking but amazing story. It had me sobbing throughout half the book. I seriously have not cried like that over a book ever and I read a lot of sad stories. I have read a lot about WWII and I read a lot of historical fiction but this was a completely new story to me. I have never really read anything about the women left behind in occupied France and what they endured. The bravery of Isabel and Vianne and all the others involved in the French resistance was remarkable. Even Viannes young daughter Sophie was a true heroine.  I know these women were just characters in a novel but real men and women endured these same trials and tribulations through the war. Kristin Hannah truly brought these characters to life. I believe that's why I was crying so much, she made us feel like these characters were real. Is her writing the best and will it win awards, no definitely not but her story and her characters were truly moving. I think anyone and everyone who loves historical fiction should read this book. Please don't think it's just like every other WWII novel because you will definitely be missing out!
Well written fiction based on historical events. Reads almost like a mystery war adventure. Had trouble putting it down once I started reading. Highly recommend this novel.
Of the hundreds of books I've read and reviewed for Amazon, many have been excellent and emotionally engaging. But only a few are, in my opinion, truly great. THE NIGHTINGALE is one of those rare great novels you are not likely to forget. When I finished reading it, I experience a sense of awe, the kind of silent reverence one might feel in a cathedral, or viewing Michelangelo's David.<br/><br/>In THE NIGHTINGALE, author Kristin Hannah convincingly portrays life in occupied France during WWII from the points of view of two very different sisters - "Viann, the rule follower and Isabelle the rebel....Everything she did, she did full speed ahead, no brakes."<br/><br/>When Paris is occupied and Isabelle flees to the village where Viann lives with her husband and daughter, we suspect that Isabelle is not going to submit willingly to the Nazi occupation. Indeed, she does not. She becomes the Nightingale, the daring Resistance leader, sought by the Nazis, known for transporting hundreds of downed British air pilots (and other persons wanted by the Nazis) by foot across the Pyrenees. She also falls in love with a Resistance fighter whose life is also at risk.<br/><br/>Participating in the Resistance was dangerous not only to oneself, but also to one's family. The Nazis killed those who were suspected of giving aid, and their relatives. Not only Isabelle but also Viann was continually faced with difficult choices. How much risk should each take in rescuing allied servicemen, protecting Jews, or saving the lives of orphaned children? At what point should they choose safety over principles? At what point will they be unwilling to compromise their principles? When is the wisest course of action cooperation or even collaboration?<br/><br/>When Viann's husband is imprisoned by the Nazis and German officer is billeted in her home, Viann is faced with dilemmas she never anticipated. Avoiding good vs. evil stereotypes, Hannah portrays officer Beck as basically a good, kindhearted man who is compelled to obey orders which he does not support. The challenge that both he and Viann face as she resists their developing friendship is particularly moving, and likely to lead the reader to question how he or she might react in Viann's situation.<br/><br/>Viann's circumstances are also complicated by Isabel's dangerous comings and goings, and Viann's close friendship with a Jewish family - Rachel and her children. At this time, more and more Jews are being deported to "work camps" to fulfill Nazi quotas. Beck warns Viann, "They are not deporting French Jews....Yet." But circumstances keep changing, and as much as Beck wishes to protect Viann, he is a German officer afraid of the Gestapo.<br/><br/>Conflicted, Viann consults her Mother Superior, who tells her, "Think about who you are and what sacrifices you can live and what will break you...The path of righteousness is often dangerous."<br/><br/>THE NIGHTINGALE actually does not begin with Viann and Isabelle's story but rather begins more than fifty years later with an elderly woman locating the identification card of Juliette Gervais. Juliette was the fake identity of the notorious Nightingale, Isabelle. Had this woman herself once been Isabel and buried her past? Hannah wisely avoids revealing her identity until the end of the novel.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, we are drawn into the lives of other characters as well - the sisters' inhospitable father who owns a Paris bookstore and eventually works at the German high command, Viann's daughter Sophie, Rachel's son "Daniel", Isabel's lover Gaeta, and the cruel and sadistic Nazi, Von Richter.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah has a remarkable talent for creating characters who seem to live and breathe so that you forget you are reading words as you envision their lives. Most novels, even the best ones, have noticeable flaws - weak characters, holes in the plot, awkward dialogue, but THE NIGHTINGALE is that rare novel that is crafted to perfection and yet has a natural flow that captures attention from start to finish. It is likely to be one of the most highly acclaimed novels of 2015.
This novel which might be termed romantic historical fiction were it not for its terrible realism, is exquisitely well written. I hope it gains both literary notice and general popularity as that particular realism about conditions in France during the incredible Nazi overrun and occupation during the lifetimes of many of us but fading fast, needs to be always learned, known and remembered.<br/><br/>The author states her purpose in examining the oft-forgotten and minimized role of women in the French Resistance. In her characters, she shows glaring flaws in judgement all around - again realism - but manages to make a positive message out of horror that we now find nearly unimaginable. But these atrocities did happen. Recently. (And still are tho' not currently in Western Europe.)<br/><br/>Throughout, Kristin Hannah's consistently beautiful writing evokes France, especially provincial, as it was between the Great Wars, then life as the Nazis crushed it. This is not simply an attempt to keep alive the knowledge of What Can Happen, it is an excellent novel worth every moment spent reading.
Honestly not impressed. So many similar stories, and some of it felt like it was directly taken from another book I read probably 2 years ago.
So poorly written I could barely get through the first few chapters. I ended up reading it as quickly as possible ,since it was my book clubs selection . Total waste of time!
I listened to the audio of this new book.  I loved it!  The reader, Polly Stone was excellent.  This is a World War II story, set in occupied France. It explores the family relationship of two sister Isabella and Viann.  They are very different characters who when facing the challenges of living under Nazi occupation take very different roads.  The author does an excellent job of describing the very harsh circumstances that the French lived through during this occupation.  She also gives the reader an inside look at the bravery of the Resistance fighters who struggled against overwhelming odds to thwart the  Nazi occupation.  These stories are told with the family relationship between the two sisters weaved throughout.  Many ethical and morale choices are presented.  This would make an excellent book club choice, lots for discussion.  In the end though for me the reader made this story come alive
I feel sorry for all those who gave this 5 stars ... if you think that this represents good writing, then you truly are missing out. Pick up a copy of The Winds of War.
I found the characters annoying and some of the details not authentic for WWII France.  Couldn't read past one-third of the way through.
In this novel we learn of two disparate lives in France during WWII.  One sister is an outspoken and fearless opponent of the Vichy government in France and joins the French Resistance.  The other sister is fearful for her daughter and her absent husband and although she doesn't collaborate she is not outwardly antagonistic to the Nazi occupation and is forced to open her home to two of them. One is a reasonable man, the other a brute and a bully.<br/>The years apart culminate in a ceremony that the surviving sister attends .  There is not much that is totally original or mind-bending in this book but it is an example of family conflicts and ultimate resolutions and acceptance of the diverse paths forced on people due to choices made in times of crisis. It is the reader who chooses to ally with one or the other sister and that helps the book to resonate with the reader.
This was, without a doubt, one of the best books I have ever read.  This book kept my attention throughout.  Although it was Fiction I am sure most of the atrocities depicted in the book were very true.  I have read many books on the plight of the people in Germany during WWII  but failed to realize the French people and the people of other countries suffered as well.  I was just on a trip through Germany recently and saw reminders of the war everywhere.  It is so difficult to believe any human would do to other humans the things that were done.  The book was a wonderful story and the characters were very believable.  The suspense was throughout and about the right amount.  The book kept me wanting to pick it back up again to see what happens next.  I thought she ended the book appropriately and with closure to the story.  I would HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone.
Eh. It was ok. Mostly Isabelle got on my nerves. I don't get all the rave reviews. All the Light We Cannot See is a much better pick.
I am clearly in the minority about this book.  I am a little over half way through it and don't think I'll be finishing it.  The historical aspect is interesting and I learned some things about Nazi occupied France that I did not know.  But for the first 200 pages, the book plods along with not much happening (if that is possible during WWII).  The story flips back and forth between two sisters, one who is in the French resistance.  She resides in Paris.  The other sister is in a small town and is billeting a "friendly, caring" Nazi.  Neither story really delves deeply into what makes the sisters tick or what occupied France was really like.  I just never got to know either sister well enough to care about what happened to them.  This book just didn't do it for me.<br/><br/>Update:  In fairness, after about 230 pages and after I wrote this review, the book started to pick up.  I'll finish it now because I want to see what happens.  But my above comments still stand:  it takes way, way too long to get things going.
If you are a woman, you will immensely enjoy this book. It has a character for young women to connect to and a character for all mothers to connect to. I found this book SO MUCH more enjoyable than All the Light We Cannot See because the characters have relationships with each other and are connected even when they are apart. This book reveals the strength in women and the complex emotions and yearnings behind our decisions as we fight to live lives that will make a difference in the world around us, as well as to protect our children. I connected with both Vianne and Isabelle, and understood their reasoning for both action and inaction.<br/><br/>At the end of the day, you should read this book! You will fall in love with the characters and cry your eyes out more than once. I can't wait to pass it on to a friend so we can discuss it.
This review of "The Nightingale" is for the CD version of the book.  This novel, set in WWII in France, features two sisters with vividly different responses to the invasion of their country by the German army.  Author Kristin Hannah writes with an intensity that makes listening to this book on CD sometimes engaging and passionate, and sometimes maddening.  The characters make some strange decisions, with results that aren't so realistic.  Going on a long trip?  This should be a "book" to keep you focused during the drive, as you get into the storyline.
More than half way through the book I had to put it down and stop reading it. It broke my heart. Tore at me. I knew that when I picked it up again I would have to read it until it was finished. I finished it with a lump in my throat and tears running down my face. A beautifully written book, not to be missed. Kudos to the author. Her descriptions of events were so clear. Her story telling made you love the two sister and felt their pain. This is certainly a 'must read'. I will miss the book!
I read this book because I read that it was similar to All The Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doer. Well, the only similarity is that occurs during WWll. Hannah's story is an interesting read but I finished it feeling nothing. The dialogue is almost childish, and the characters have no depth, especially compared to Doer's wonderful novel. I love novels about WWll, especially from the perspective of people from different countries and different religions. This is not at the top of my list.
Coincidentally, we were in Tours, France when I read this book.  Although I was aware that WWII had heavily affected that area, it was still a surreal experience to see the area from the perspective of the book's characters.  The characters and plot were very well developed, and as the story progressed, the end was not a foregone conclusion. Haunting, but overall a story of the capacity of the human spirit to triumph over unspeakable evil.  I had difficulty putting the book down.
I was also drawn to this book by the five stars, which it doesnt deserve.<br/>The characters are flimsy and there is just no gravitas in general.  I waited for a month<br/>for this book via my digital library, a service for which I am grateful,  After fifty pages, Im done with it.<br/>As someone else described the reading experience, it is "Nancy Drew meets the Resistance".<br/> From now on ill read a sampling of two, three, four-starred reviews, unless I know the author.
Not her usual,  did not like this one at all.  Did not even finish it
This was a very interesting, even compelling story with strong female characters; and it was a look at the French WWII experience from the eyes of the women who stayed behind that was different and insightful.  Unfortunately the writing detracted from what would otherwise have been a very strong book.  The writing was more consistent with a romance novel than a serious work of historical fiction: that said, however, I would read it again and would recommend it.
Poor writing . Had to put it aside after a few pages. Waste of money
An unusual take on the Holocaust - not so easy as there are so many out there.  This book is from the points of view of two Christian sisters who are<br/>both affected by the Nazi takeover of France.  It was historic in nature.  It was engrossing and interesting and while it was upsetting ( as these books must be) I was able to read it without endless tears.  These were two women who were involved in the resistance in different ways. I couldn't put it down.
This book is one of many recently regarding World War II and the effects of the war felt in France. While it's a story of bravery, the ability of people to survive, and love- the details of brutality are not sufficiently tempered with the details of the spirit that make survival possible. The love interests are barely believable and not well developed in the characters themselves. The story of the Nightingale is a great  one- the telling of it is only fair.
It has been a very long time since a book moved me to tears, yet I find myself struggling to write this review through sobs.  The Nightingale follows the story of 2 French sisters throughout WWII.  The novel is  historically accurate, horrifying, gut wrenching....yet beautiful and tender.  I've always been moved by WWII stories, but seeing the events from this different perspective was enlightening.  I know this is a novel I will always remember.
I almost didn't finish this book as I couldn't even get into it until well after the first 100 pages. The book starts off very slow and obviously doesn't pick up until Vianne's sister becomes the Nightingale. The back and forth between present day Oregon and 1930's and 40's France, I found to be unnecessary. Thankfully it doesn't happen very often. The ending also felt rushed and incomplete I guess leaving it open-ended for a sequel possibly.
My heart breaks and tears fall for the people who suffered unimaginable  horror, fear, and suffering for 2,194 days that WWll lasted.  A quote I heard today seems relevant "You honor the dead by living." The author did an incredible job of telling the stories of the people who endured atrocities that were carried out by evil monsters, who acted on the orders of a purely evil sociopath named Adolph Hilter. God help the innocents of war.
During World War II in France, the local population endured the German occupation.  Many courageous men and women risked their lives by involvement in the resistance.  This story revolves around one such family and their experiences.  We witness their pain and their losses, as well as their courage and love.  I thoroughly enjoyed this well-written book, taking me back in history and reminding me how fortunate so many of us are.
I really enjoyed "The Nightingale", despite the sadness of the subject. The struggle of the two sisters to survive in Nazi occupied France during the war years is depicted with such depth and feeling that the reader is completely caught up in the story. Vianne and Isabel take completely different paths, but both show amazing courage in the face of of almost insurmountable odds, as do many of the other women around them.
If this were total fiction it would be a heart wrenching story but since these things and worse happened in France during WWII it makes you admire those people for living through such a horrible time.  It makes you think about what you would have done in each of the characters situations and how you would handle those brutal times.  The book is a good read and I would be surprised if you get through it without shedding tears.
This was one of the best novels I have read in a very long time. I have been searching for a compelling story that is hard to put down and finally found it with this story. I was crying so hard during the last 2 chapters I could barley read my kindle . The story also had an unexpected turn of events at the end that totally took me by surprise. I have read other Kristin Hannah books, but this one was the best written of all.
So sub-par I couldn't believe it.  almost didn't finish, seemed like she hired a frosh lit student to write her ideas!!  no sense of place.  Jargon so modern.  AND  no thanks to previous non-fiction authors who got all the memoirs and records right, which obviously author got alll her ideas.  Obviously spun out in a few wks with help of aide.  Perhaps author jumped in at end of book to make a tear-jerker out of it.  BAD
I can't imagine anyone not liking this novel - the best book I have read in years. I love Hannah's writing style; I was picturing the setting without being bogged down in detail. This story, if the screenwriter will stay with the book, will make an outstanding motion picture!  I chose the book because I couldn't believe the perfect rating so bought the hard bound ignoring the higher cost.  I'm glad I didn't wait!
While I have read a great deal of the history of WWII, I have never totally known of the horrendous effect it had on the French. The novel is captivating and overwhelmingly sad!  Man's inhumanity and brutality is pitted against his strength, courage and determination. The heroines suffer hardships beyond our total understanding.<br/>Of special note is the exceptionally well constructed ending! A MUST read!
Having recently read All the Light We Cannot See, this WW2 novel pales in comparison.  The writing is melodramatic and insipid.  The dialogue is unbelievable in the most literal sense.  The plot has promise but it's cloaked in such corny, anachronistic and stereotyped trappings as to be dragged down.  If you want to read a brilliant WW2 era novel with fine writing, try Stones from the River by Ursula Hegi.
I couldn't put it down. My paternal grandmother was French. My aunt and my dad lived in France as children. My dad came to the United States as a small boy but my aunt remained in France until it became too dangerous because of the war. Then she was sent to the United States. I have read many of her old letters about the rations, food shortages, lack of coffee.  This book really brought it to life for me!
I have read many historical fiction novels based during WWII and was afraid this would follow the same dialogue as the many others I have read. However, I was pleasantly surprised that I was wrong. This story delves into the relationship of two sisters and two entirely different ways of bravely surviving WWII. I highly recommend this book, even if you have already read a million books set during WWII.
An absolutely unforgettable, haunting tale...the story reminds us that those who survived WWII are an aging generation...and their stories must be remembered. We are the last generation to have the opportunity to hear their experiences first hand. Although this is a work of fiction, it is no less a window into the souls of those who lived and died its reality...we must not ever forget their journeys .
The storyline seemed like it could be captivating.  The events were obvious, but the writing didn't keep up - I had to read through too many pages of emotions and long drawn out descriptions only to end up where I knew I was going in the story.  I know novels are subjective and I'm not a writer, so that's the best way I can think of to describe why I didn't make it past the third or fourth chapter.
The heavy subject matter was a jarring disconnect from the trite development of 2 dimensional characters- spunky sister, conforming sister.  The soapy dialogue  is better geared to a young adult readership. Over sentimentalism infected the book. The language could be beautiful but the story was full of cliches and has been done better many times before. The dialogue was groaningly not believable.
This book read like a romance novel, and then I read about the author, and voila...a romance writer.  It had some interesting issues regarding women's suffering during the French occupation and their involvement in the resistance., but having to hear how "beautiful" and "headstrong" Isabelle was over and over...really?  I liked it, but couldn't say it was "well written".
A great book!  Many of the French people living in the small villages and the big cities were very opposed to Hitler but under the circumstances they could not control their destiny.  There were many who were not supportive of the German regime and tried in many ways to sabotage the Vichy Government.  I highly recommend this book.  It is interesting and also suspenseful with a twist at the end.
This is an easy story to read for casual enjoyment. Two sisters lead different lives during the occupation of France in WW2. Some of the plot is predictable. It's a tear-jerker that's enjoyable to read and doesn't take much brain power. The historical background seems correct as written. I don't think anything newis presented but it was fine to read as the characters acted in this setting.
I loved this book.  I have never read such a graphic account of what it means to live in a city and country that is occupied by the enemy during wartime.  I don't know how the French did it.  I found that there were many surprises in this book - some of which made me cry. The women characters were well developed.  the men were more stereotypes.  All in all, a very satisfying read.
Story takes you from modern day to the atrocities of WW2. about 2 sisters & their involvment in the war.<br/>The writing takes you there with them  & shows you the horrors that were endured & teaches a little history.<br/>I t also humanizes the bad guys somewhat.<br/>The mystery is which sister survives
Terrific book focused on sisters (and loved ones) living in France during World War II!  Engrossing from first page to last, with well-developed characters, great plot development, and attention to historic detail.  I seldom have experienced a novel as "real" in feel and captivating as this one
While the plot was somewhat predictable, I became engaged with the characters, and cared about what happened to them. The Audible narration was easy to listen to. I found the contrasts of how different people reacted to the challenges of WWII to be very believable.  And I even shed a tear at the end.
The author was careless in her sentence construction.  40%-50% of all of them were incomplete or run-on and could be confusing.  Some of the lack of sentences worked well in his conscience thinking but not when it was straight description.  She didn't seem to make a distinction and she should have.
Affected, romantic schlock. Poorly written.
I always read a sample before buying. The early writing in this book was fine, the premise promising. But the book did not hold together and the writing became mundane with a lot of telling rather than showing. Perhaps the best part of the book was it's ending, but it was a long slog to get there.
I enjoy reading WWII stories, and found this one really spellbinding.  The plot developed throughout the book, and I never knew how things would turn out.  The characters were just ordinary people who were forced to live in a horrible period of time.  The things we humans will do for survival!
This was an excellent book and amazing story woven together! You must be in the right frame of mind to read it, however. It is very emotionally intense, so it is difficult to pick up and read a little here and there. If you're looking for an easy fluffy book, save this one for another time.
One of the most spell-binding novels I have ever read.<br/>Beautifully written, with grace and dignity, but clearly realistic and heart-rendering.  So much so, that at moments, I had to put it down for another day.<br/><br/>A definite "must read" for anyone's list…a heroic novel.
The minute I started this book, I couldn't stop reading it. Throughout the story, I cried, laughed, & agonized over the events that happened to Vienne & Isabelle. In fact, I didn't want the book to end. I have read many of Kristin Hannah's books, but I feel this is one of her best by far.
Another great Hannah read.  Intense and not always fun to read but her writing keeps you so engaged in the story that you know your are going to come out a stronger person for reading it.  Much like Winter Garden that I just loved.  Read it and appreciate what you have!
This book was very well-written and detailed in its recreation of the time. The tenderness and love paralleled with the horrors and cruelty made the contrast of the two even more striking. An incredible and heart wrenching story of survival, bravery,morality and love.
I would recommend this book to everyone.  This is one of the best books I have read in a long time, I could not put it down. I cried at the ending for all of the people who had to endure the war.  It was a very bleak period of time that I hope will never be repeated.
This book captured my interest from the very beginning and by the end I couldn't put it down. World War II is described from the perspectives of two very different sisters and gives you a glimpse into their different experiences. It is truly moving and well written.
I had no idea what to expect with this book as I don't even remember buying it but it quickly became enthralling and I couldn't put it down. I felt so close to Vianne and Isabelle and you could feel every emotion that the story took them through. Such a great read.
This went from being a chick-lit version of WWII, which was off-putting, to a sometimes gripping narrative from the perspective of women in Occupied France and the harrowing details of their struggle to survive.  I wouldn't comfortably recommend it to my friends.
I was pulled to this story by the tale of two sisters, and as I finish this book I immediately write this five star review. I laughed, yelled profanities, and cried [the last 50 pages nonstop] through these incredible journeys. I highly recommend this read!
This was a very touching story in which I learned so much about the Second World War in France.  I don't know if any of the book was based on actual events but I am sure, if not, then it was very close to what happened.  I would highly recommend this book.
When I read a book that I don't want to put down - or finish - and then I can't stop thinking about it even when I'm done -- now that's a great book.  Very few touch me that much but Kristin Hannah's are always wonderful.  This is one of the best ever....
This book was very popular with several friends who consider themselves light-weight readers.  Read like a romance novel.  My book club, however, felt that it was predictable and annoying in places (such as the part about the antibiotic being given.)
This is such a beautifully written story and has a unique angle of WW2 in France.  I  didn't want to put it down.  The characters are complex and compelling.  I certainly had my moments where I ugly cried as well.  I'd recommend this novel to anyone.
This book is what I call "a real page turner" - I had a hard time putting it down.  At my age (86), I remember many of the characters<br/>mentioned in this book and remember reading of the bravery and effectiveness of the French underground.
“The Nightingale”, by Kristin Hannah, set in Nazi-occupied France in WWII, was published in February this year and already has over 52,000 ratings and 8,566 reviews on Goodreads with an average rating out of 4.54 out of a perfect score of 5. It has been compared to “All The Light We Cannot See” by Anthony Doer, another historical novel set in Paris during the occupation, and a novel that won the Goodreads Readers’ Choice award for 2014 for historical fiction. “The Nightingale” is not in the class of Anthony Doer’s beautiful literary novel, but never the less is a great story, well written, and very easy not to put down. If you think in categories and genres, it is probably more of an “upmarket women’s historical fiction” story. About writing it, Kirstin Hannah said “I found myself consumed with a single, overwhelming question, as relevant today as it was seventy years ago: When would I, as a wife and mother, risk my life — and more important, my child's life — to save a stranger?”<br/><br/>The story follows two sisters, conventional Vianne and the much younger and wilder Isabelle, who are semi-estranged. Their different personalities and life experiences are key in the ways they respond to the unthinkable challenges they are forced to face as the Occupation drags on. Vianne is a wife and mother (her husband is in a prisoner of war camp for much of the story), and Isabelle a headstrong teenager, neglected by her father and her sister (their mother long dead) for most of her young life.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah’s research for this book, along with her ability to tell a good story, is key to the success of this novel. Isabelle (“The Nightingale” is her Resistance name) is based on Andrée de Jongh (1916-2007), a 19-year-old Belgian woman who established the Comet Escape Line, a secret network of people who risked their lives to help Allied servicemen escape over the Pyrenees to Spain. Hannah’s further research into the French Resistance inspired the story of the older sister, Vianne, who put herself and her children in peril by hiding Jewish children.<br/><br/>Entangled in the sister’s parallel stories is the drudgery and resilience of surviving as women in France; the cold, the starvation, the humiliation, the rapes, the necessity to suck up to the Nazis if you want to survive or to protect your children, the deep friendships, the sacrifices, the lies, the people you thought you knew who become traitors at the smell of food, the torture, the deaths—first of foreign-born Jews, then all Jews, then just about anybody who came to the attention of the Nazis—the concentration camps, the emotional, physical and mental toll that most of us thankfully cannot begin to imagine, and the determination and unrelenting will not to give up by the Resistance and the vast network of ordinary people who risked torture and their lives to help them. And yes, there is a love story, but it is spare, and sad.<br/><br/>I’ll end with the opening sentence of the novel; Vianne’s thoughts as an old woman looking back as she gives us her truth, and one that hopefully most of us will never be in a position to discover.<br/><br/>“If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: in love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are.”
The Nightengale is the best book I have read in a very long time.  That whole era with Hitler and the Holocaust has had a very profound effect upon my psyche.  I grew up in the fifties and was taught that the Jewish people were God's chosen people and as a result, I am very empathetic to their cause and their survival.  The inhumanity shown during that period of time was unforgivable and has always resonated within me.  I do not understand how we can mistreat one another to such extremes.<br/><br/>Much as the Nightingale is set during the holocaust, I had never thought about the occupation of foreign lands by the Nazis and what effect that had on the locals.  I had never explored in my mind the perspective of the women left behind as the men went to the front lines, or what a woman could do to help in the war efforts.  Hannah's writing has not only expanded my overall understanding of this historical time period, but it has forced me to review my life and what I would or would not have done had I been in such circumstances.  I must admit, I am so thankful that I have never been up close and personal with war.  I am spoiled and weak...not sure I could deal with these circumstances in any respectable sort of manner.<br/><br/>I fell in love with Hannah's characters....Vianne and Isabelle.  They were very different from one another, Vianne being more accepting, wiser, mature as opposed to Isabelle's assertive, jump in head first, and rebellious spirit.  However both women could not bear to see their countrymen and friends suffer.  The storyline was oppressive as wartime would be....worry, loneliness, food shortages, sorrows and suffering.  And yet, there was always hope.  Even in the most dire circumstances, the human spirit seldom looses all hope and seeks to prevail.  That said, even the smallest victory can be an enormous reward/treasure.  Both of our characters experienced true grit and growth as the war progressed and as they found their respective responsibilities and voices.<br/><br/>I know there are some who could read this 400+ page novel in one sitting.  I could not.  I had to take it slow and mull over the contents until I reached the halfway point.  Then I was invested to the point that I no longer wanted to do the dishes, laundry, or visit with the kids and grandkids.  I wanted and needed alone time with the rest of the story.  And as the last page approached, I sobbed and read to the conclusion through blurred eyes.  I feel through books and Hannah's book left me better than when I started. I am alive with a wide array of emotions and reactions to the story, to the characters and to the author.  This was a phenomenal book!
I usually don't read majorly commercialized books, for the obvious fear of the hype and disappointment. I was intrigued by the WWII story.<br/><br/>I finished the book last night. I turned the BBC London news on this morning and realized it was 100th Aniversary of the death of Edith Cavell, a weird coincident. :-)<br/>I don't read reviews before purchasing /too many spoilers/ and I read all the negative comments after. I believe everyone is entitled to their opinion. With all due respect to all the EXPERTS, here is my humble, honest amateur opinion:<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah is an amazing storyteller. It's a FICTION, not a history nonfiction and maybe some facts are wrong, but so are her critics. Penicillin was invented in 1928. Women did drive during the war /ambulance drivers, even truck drivers/ and no they did not have a license. :-)<br/>Her characters were real, with flaws. The relationships were complicated, intensified and tested with the effects of the war. The author is writing to 2015 audience, she has to speak their language. If she wouldn't, she would be outdated.<br/>I'm notoriously tired of figuring out movies and books half way through. It's not the case here. Her plot may be predictable, the outcome and the end isn't. Well done Kristin.<br/><br/>I'm not sure if it's the 70th Aniversary of the WWII this year, but there are several books out there. It's unfair to compare them, different writers, different styles. I'm happy there is finally someone out there who talked about the WOMEN, the true heroes of the war. They are the survivors, who kept another generation alive.<br/><br/>My grandpa was born in 1911, as Hannah's characters he remembered the WWI as a child, the WWII as an adult and a parent. Nobody talked about war for decades. I know more stories as the grandchild than my parents generation. I grew up in a former Czechoslovakia. WWII for us wasn't just from history books and mandatory war movies. Visiting Auschwitz and Theresienstadt concentration camps was part of our 'education' and as you can imagine left us with enough 'reality checks.'<br/>Even 40 years later, my grandparents' pantry and cellar looked like a survival bunker. We had bars of soap, flour, salt and basic necessities in large quantities. Every possible harvest was jarred and preserved. Every uneaten crumb went to the animals. I have seen what WWII did to several generations. They lived their remaining lives with preparing themselves for the worst. :-(<br/><br/>Many stories and descriptions in 'The Nightingale' are identical to mine, authentic may I add. Even the aftermath.., many survivors didn't survive, just because the lack of medicine. Many times a simple thing like an I.V. nutrition would save those whose digestive system was shut. Or antibiotics healing the infections and typhus from their wounds. There simply wasn't enough, or it went to soldiers, not civilians. And for everyone pointing out brutality, I will strongly recommend visiting any holocaust, it's life changing.<br/>American lives /military/ have been affected by almost every war in the 20th century, but American continent has not seen war since the Civil war in 1865. It's a very different picture when you have to see your land destroyed, your homes demolished, your children starved and your women ruined. Kristin Hannah captured that remarkably, which is admirable for any non-European author.<br/><br/>I'm going to have to disagree on one major point with her character.., when she said 'they destroyed my body, but they can't destroy my heart.' I would argue otherwise. It wasn't just one 'lost' generation. Their children carried their sorrows, the inability of affection. They were many broken souls who carried their untold stories for the remaining of their lives. Hearts were broken...
I could not agree more with the premise that we must never forget the WWII horror. We need to keep the flame alive, telling the story over and over again for the new generations.<br/><br/>But for folks like me, who know the events and atrocities in occupied France through a multitude of books and movies, do we need one more book about the occupation of France during WWII? We surely do. As long as the story is original and compelling. Like "All the Light We Cannot See", released just last year. I am afraid that’s not the case of "The Nightingale". Unfortunately, for those of us who are not new to WWII, “The Nightingale” seems like a collection of déjà vu and – sorry to say – clichés. We basically have the same situations and characters that we saw hundreds of times already.<br/><br/>"The Nightingale" is action, action, action. It was written in the typical bestseller style. There is something new happening on every page. We are manipulated until a certain extent. Towards the end, we are immunized. An experienced reader will know exactly how everything would unfold one hundred pages before the end. The book is a potpourri of "Like Water for Elephants", "Sarah’s Key" (apparently Tatiana De Rosnay helped Kristin Hannah with her research) and some other books that I cannot mention otherwise I will give the story away.<br/><br/>The bottom line is that this book can be very interesting for readers (including the young generation) that want to understand more what happened in France during WWII with a fast turning-page thriller. The historic events are quite accurate. For those that read these stories hundreds of time, I don’t know… In one hand it is a waste of time, in another hand can we really dismiss another WWII book about occupied France?
A co-worker had recommended this book a few months ago, saying that I might enjoy it since I'd loved Anthony Doerr's All The Light We Cannot See and Markus Zusak's The Book Thief. Was she ever right!<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah's The Nightingale follows sisters Vianne and Isabelle Rossignol as the Germans invade France during World War II. Vianne, the older sister, is forced to make one choice after another to keep her daughter and their neighbors safe, even as Nazi soldiers billet at her house. Isabelle, on the other hand, joins the French Resistance after being spurned by love, and leads a dangerous escape route for French and Allied airmen to avoid capture by the Germans. Despite differences in personality, priorities, and circumstances, both women must summon unfathomable courage and resiliency in order to survive - and to finally reconcile after years of misunderstandings.<br/><br/>Characters are the heart of The Nightingale. I connected with several of them, especially Vianne and Isabelle, which only made the story break my heart more as the war escalated. The Rossignol sisters couldn't be more different, too; Vianne is responsible, sensible, and self-sacrificing, while Isabelle is daring, outspoken, and impetuous. Yet it was fascinating to see the parallels of their individual journeys and their determination to endure through it all. Hannah also spares no detail about World War II. Bombings, ration lines, and concentration camps all appear during The Nightingale, reminding us of the distinctive horrors of this time in history. Sometimes the writing was clunky, and a few scenes seemed underdeveloped. But that didn't hinder The Nightingale's ability to tug hard at my soul. This really is as remarkable as other reviewers have said. If you've read war novels before, I don't recommend that you read it - I implore that you do.
Usually I read books or hard copy books. I was going on a long road trip so I opted for the audio book. That is what I am reviewing, but for all intent this could have been the book itself. It was an incredible journey that begins with an elderly woman relating a story set in France during WWII. It's a story of a family and specifically two sisters caught up in the tragedy and hardships of war. Older sister Vivanne is married to Antoine and they live a wonderful pastoral life in a picturesque village. Antoine leaves to fight for France while Vivanne is left alone to care for her child and manage things. Her younger sister Isabelle<br/>Is sent by her widowed father to live with Vivanne. Isabelle is a rebel who thinks and speaks too often with her heart. She is often brusque and impetuous and always a rebel.<br/>As this story rolls out, the reader knows that there's a mystery here as implied by the narrator at the beginning. This narrator (who remains nameless) might be one of the sisters, but you do not which one.<br/>As the book progresses, both sisters change in unpredictable ways as they show strength, resilience, and courage during the worst of times as their complex stories are told.<br/>This book is populated with many memorable characters who are well developed. Beyond plot and characters, this well structured book is full of passion as it presents topics relating to courage, ethics, and survival at its most basic and most complex levels.<br/>I was wowed by this book. One element I did not mention was its attention to detail and description. I felt a chill in my bones as a cold winter was repeatedly detailed and I felt the hunger that the characters felt as food became scarcer as Nazi occupation drained the French people of their basic resources.<br/>I could say more but I would spoil this book for a potential reader. This is a cleverly written and constructed book that is only nominally predictable and full of surprises.
The Nightingale<br/>If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: In love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are<br/><br/>Once I started Kristin Hannah’s The Nightingale I couldn’t put it down.  The book surprised me. I had no idea who Kristin Hannah was, although she has apparently written over a dozen books.  A friend picked it up at the bookstore, I started reading it, and at once decided to download it as a Kindle Book.<br/><br/>The book is about two sisters and their father in France during World War II.  Those horrible years in France, how the French survived, the resistance some of them displayed and the role of collaborators has always fascinated me, raised so many moral questions.<br/><br/>Vianne, the oldest of the two sisters, lives with her husband, Antoine, and daughter in a village south of Paris.  She is quiet, reserved, hard working.  Isabelle is impetuous, short tempered, a rebel.  When their shell-shocked father returns from World War 1, everything changes.  He is no longer the kind, serious scholar.  Now he is angry, prone to drink, and harsh.<br/><br/>After his wife dies, he kicks his two daughters out of their apartment and sends them away to a Catholic school.  Isabelle escapes from one school after another.  Antoine is drafted into the Army and in time is captured, sent to a camp.  Vianne struggles to get by in their country home.<br/><br/>Her clothing was as worn and ragged as that of most Parisians, and the clatter of wooden soles rang out. No one had leather anymore. She bypassed long queues of housewives and hollow-faced children standing outside of boulangeries and boucheries. Rations had been cut again and again and again in the past.<br/><br/>Food is scarce, there is no heat, a German solider comes to occupy their home, then another after Vianne kills the first one.  He is mean, lusts for Vianne.  Meanwhile, Isabelle joins the Resistance and becomes a hero after escorting downed English and American pilots across the Pyrenees countless times.<br/><br/>On this cool October morning, her life would change.  From the morning she boarded this train…she would no longer be the girl in the bookshop…From now on she was Juliette Gervaise, code name the Nightingale.<br/><br/>Later Vianne gains the cooperation of a Catholic nun to save many children in the Sister’s school.  The War goes on, year after year, the hardships increase, finally the Americans arrive, the Nazis are driven back, Antoine escapes from the camp, Isabelle is captured, somehow manages to survive and both Antoine and Isabelle return to their home when the War is over.<br/><br/>Those are the major occurrences in an otherwise rich and beautifully written novel.  Hannah has that rare story telling gift.  In reading The Nightingale, I came to realize that fictional depictions of World War II are far more revealing than the non-fiction books I’ve read.  The experiences, dangers, thoughts and emotions of the people seem to me much truer to what the experience must have been like than those in non-fiction accounts I’ve read.
A superb book with all the elements of a best seller, satisfying literature; historical information, and great historic fiction.<br/><br/>This is an extraordinary story about two French sisters during World War II who, at different times and for different reasons, end up working for the French Resistance during the occupation.  They are both courageous but in very different ways.  As well, they are children of a very mean, emotionally crippled father and come close to hating each other.  Their deeds, courageous acts, emotional conflicts, and sisterhood jealousies are critical elements in the forefront of the story.<br/><br/>In the background is the history of the German occupation of France, the Vichy government, General De Gaulle, and the French Resistance.  Some of this we read about in Suite Francaise and Sarah's Key and other books.  But Nightengale adds other dimensions to this history about: German collaborators, those who kept their head down and looked the other way, those men who went to fight and the women left at home; those in Paris and in the country; those who actually took on brave acts as well as those that were willing to risk their lives.  This history gives the sisters' story texture and context.<br/><br/>Like most best-sellers, it can be read at different level and you won't put it down.<br/><br/>There are many moral and ethical questions embedded in the story.  Book groups who got beyond the plot may toss these around and never come to agreement.<br/><br/> It is not as simple as it may appear at first.  This story is told as a history of the German Occupation of France (remember Suite Francaise and Sarah's Key); It is told as an exciting and terrifying history of the French resistance and specific deeds; it tells about the conditions and deeds of the Germans, especially in the French countryside and under the Vichy government.<br/><br/> But the foreground story about individuals and their families brings it home to all of us.  In the foreground is a French (non-Jewish) family torn apart by horrendous and intricate family issues of love, betrayal, rejection...These problems reemerge and shape their lives after the German occupation.  Much of the story is about the different lives, attitudes of a younger and older sister, and what they are willing or not willing to do as the Germans occupy France.  This conflict provides a microscopic view illuminating real conflicts and priorities among the French.  As well...the suspense keeps our attention.<br/><br/>The story of the fictional characters, their exploits and conflicts, their motivations, intimate loves and divided loyalties... take center stage.  But without the historical background would not really capture you.  .<br/><br/>The more you know about the French occupation, the better.  But the book can be read without background knowledge.<br/><br/>On variety of levels, Nightengale, will be fascinating and you will not put it down.  Go for it.
I'm afraid my short review will not do this exceptional novel, The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah, justice.<br/><br/>The setting is during WWII, German occupied France.  If I didn't know better, I would think Kristin Hannah actually lived through the experience, it seems so real.  The occupation is such a sad state of affairs.  The Germans took so much from the French.  We easily feel this while reading.  The first half of the novel lays the groundwork for the emotional second half.<br/><br/>Vianne is at home with her daughter Sophie when her husband leaves to fight the war.  They live in the small village Carriveau near an airfield.  Her goal is to survive and stay under the radar of the Germans who occupy her town.  Eighteen year old Isabelle, is sent from Paris, by her father, to live with her older sister, Vianne.<br/><br/>As is often with sisters, they have different personalities and clash.  Isabelle is bold and rash.  Vianne is more timid and unsure.  Isabelle joins the Resistance and returns to Paris.  It is their two remarkable stories, and the intersection of their stories, we follow as they come to learn how important it is to love and express love, as times are fleeting.<br/><br/>The atrocities they both face and their bravery throughout the war is amazing.  This novel will stay with me for a long time to come.<br/><br/>I also want to mention that the artwork for the cover of the hardcover edition of this novel is elegant and suits this novel well.  It has a gold embossed image of a Nightingale and the Eiffel Tower in the dark background.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah has written many novels (see list below), but this is her personal favorite.  She knows she's not supposed to say that (See book trailer below).  I have not read her previous novels, but became a fan of hers after reading the intro she wrote for Grand Central.<br/><br/> First Line<br/><br/>"If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: In love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are."<br/><br/>See Complete Review On My Blog.
<i>“If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: in love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are.”</i><br/><br/>... So really there are NO words that can do this book justice, but i will try my best.  I'm sitting here in a daze as i finished this book on my morning commute and i physically hurt from finishing it.  This book was absolutely brilliant.  A tale centering on two sisters who couldn't be more different, there comes a time when France begins to become occupied by Nazi's in war time 1940.  Vianne, the older sibling is settled in country France with her husband and daughter.  Isabelle has just been let go from another school and at 19 years old, is lost and just wanting to find her passion and place in the world.<br/><br/>When the war arises and Vianne's husband is sent off to fight as a soldier, she is left alone with her daughter and the rising Jew/Nazi crisis in down and furthermore has to let a Nazi soldier billet at her house.  Isabelle's father has sent her off to go live with Vianne, but after a chance meeting, Isabelle wants nothing more than to join the cause and fight for freedom in France.  Tensions are high at Vianne's house, especially between Isabelle and the Nazi.<br/><br/><i>“But now it is time to look ahead, not behind.”</i><br/><br/>This book is a real journey through the eyes of girls in the war, one fighting just to survive and one fighting for everyone else.  'The Nightingale' was about love, strength and everything in between, showcasing the horrors of the war, along with a desperate need to survive and protect the ones we love. The characters were so well developed and i was glued to every page.<br/><br/>Absolutely brilliant and i highly recommend. The ending will leave you reeling. No, these are not tears in my eyes, i have allergies.. NOT!<br/><br/>*****FIVE STARS.<br/><br/><b>“I always thought it was what I wanted: to be loved and admired. Now I think perhaps I'd like to be known.”</b>
A book has not made me feel this way in a long time. Though I expected it to be good because of positive reviews, I didn't quite expect this. After finishing this book, I was left overwhelmed with  so many emotions.<br/><br/>To put it simply, this Historical Fiction novel is perfect and beautiful. It is eloquently written, and is a total page turner. You will not want to put it down. At the same time, you will want to force yourself to put it down, for fear of the story ending.<br/><br/>I have to admit though that while I can go on and on about how perfectly told it was, I feel as if I would not do justice to the purity and very essence of the story. There simply aren't enough positive words to say about it without sounding repetitive and cliche.<br/><br/>What I will focus on is how much it moved me. It moved me to tears as I was reading it, and my heart broke so many times that I've lost count. The emotions, events, and situations in this book are raw, gut wrenching, and honest. And when I was done with it, I wept endlessly. All I wanted to do was to talk to the characters, hug them, as I felt that they have become my friends, or better yet, my sisters, in the mere 440 pages that I just went through.<br/><br/>It reminded me of the emotions I felt when I first watched Schindler's List in elementary school, and when I first picked up The Book Thief by Markus Zusak in 2009. I wanted the story to go on, I didn't want to let go.<br/><br/>Having said that, it's a bit silly to rate this book, because the five star rating is not enough. It deserves more for the impact it left on me. I also can not recommend this enough to everyone. Any reader would appreciate this, whether or not you usually pick up Historical Fiction. It is a great story that covers many significant themes and focus on many types of relationships - familial, friendships, romantic, and relationship with one's self.<br/><br/>Overall, this book proved to me, as if I didn't know for a fact already, how much I love literature. This novel was the very proof that showed how books, reading, and words can be incredibly significant in one's life. It just has this undeniable power to make people feel, think, and see reality, even when it is fiction. Books have the power to break a person, lift them up, inspire, motivate, encourage, and make them feel beyond what they think they're capable of. I am truly thankful to have picked this up as it made me see all that again so clearly. Any book that can do that is worth a read to say the least.
Originally reviewed for Buried Under Romance www.buriedunderromance.com<br/><br/> I have been obsessed with literature about the people of Europe coping with World War II ever since I read Anne Frank's diary in junior high school.  Imagine my excitement when I first learned that one of my favorite writes, best selling author Kristin Hannah, was tackling this difficult time period in her newest novel, THE NIGHTINGALE.  I couldn't wait for its release, and I definitely wasn't disappointed.<br/> The Nightingale tells the story of two sisters living in France in 1939.  Vianne Mauriac lives a small, peaceful village with her husband and two children. When the Nazis invade France, her beloved husband is drafted into the military, and she is forced to share her home with a German officer, Vianne finds herself solely responsible for the survival of her children in a world that has suddenly become very cruel, dangerous and unpredictable.<br/> Vianne's rebellious younger sister Isabelle takes a different path as she finds herself joining the French Resistance. Both sisters find themselves in situations that they could not have even imagined prior to the war as they risk their lives over and over to save the lives of others.<br/> Ms. Hannah paints a very vivid picture of war torn France as she captures the spirit of its people, especially the women who must rely on their own inner strength and ingenuity to survive.  She writes with sensitivity as she takes them, and us, through the emotions of losing loved ones and watching lives crumble. She also writes with elation as small victories are won in defiance of all odds.<br/> THE NIGHTINGALE  is the book that I wish I had written.  I'm giving it five stars.<br/><br/>I received a complimentary copy of this book in exchange for my honest review.
Having recently read and loved "All the Light We Cannot See," I wasn't really looking for another novel of WWII. But the reviews have been so strong for Kristin Hannah's "The Nightingale" that I decided to take the plunge. I am glad I did. This is a powerful novel that starts somewhat slowly but then picks up the pace and steamrolls through the lives of Vianne and Isabelle, two very different French sisters who are still reeling from the death of their mother as the war looms. Timid, cautious and emotional Vianne is holding down the home front with her young daughter Sophie, teaching school in a peaceful small town after husband Antoine is called up to fight. Young, wild and impetuous Isabelle is rootless, having been expelled from yet another finishing school and rejected by their WWI-damaged bookseller father in Paris. Vianne tries to cope with the changes as the Germans move in and take over, believing that as long as she doesn't rock the boat, things will be relatively all right. Isabelle trusts no one, yet desperately wants to belong somewhere, doing something important. Each sister follows her own path into the French Resistance, with gut-wrenching consequences for everyone involved. At times the violence is so palpably real that it is almost too painful to read, yet you are so entwined in these characters' lives that you must keep reading to know what happens. Ms. Hannah does an incredible job of weaving these very different characters into plot lines that intersect and converge in emotional yet believable ways, and makes the reader truly care about what happens to them. And although I am not a huge fan of the currently popular trend of wrap-around beginnings and endings, this 1995 setup does work well to bring some closure (and tears) to this well-written story.  Highly recommended.
This book was awesome! First I have to start off by saying I LOVE LOVE LOVE to read anything having to do with world war two especially Hitler, Nazis, and the Holocaust. My strong interest began when I learned about Anne Frank, who is still a hero in my eyes to this day. However Isabelle and Viann are also hero’s to me now. This book captures a clear picture of what life was like back then and how women were hero’s back then. Not saying that women aren’t hero’s today but they were definitely the hero’s in that time. While the men were off fighting the war the women were to not only keep themselves from getting killed but had to protect the children.<br/><br/>My favorite character is Isabelle. She is “unruly”, outspoken, strong, determined, brave, dedicated and so much more. She didn’t let anyone tell her she couldn’t do what she wanted. She saved many lives all the while risking her own.<br/><br/>Viann is a hero in her own way too. Granted she didn’t go as far as Isabelle but she saved 19 children who otherwise would have died. All the while having a Nazi billeted at her house. She did what she had to to keep her daughter Sophie alive. She kept pushing and getting through day after day even though she just wanted to give up at times.<br/><br/>My only dislike about the book was when it mentioned Viann getting raped. Don’t get me wrong I understand that it probably really did happen back then in those horrible times, hell it happens now but that doesn’t mean I want to read about it. Brings up too much for me. I could have done without that part. That was my only dislike though.<br/><br/>I am sure that what I am writing is definitely not doing this book justice. It just isn’t this book was so good. I even cried. Real tears came out of my eyes and down my cheeks. Granted it also wasn’t a fast pace book. This 438 page book took me a week to read but I loved every minute of it. If you like reading about world war two and the Nazis and holocaust, or you want a book with some female hero’s this is definitely a book for you!!! I hope you guys read it and if you do let me know what you think. I hope you love it just as much as I do!!!
A special thank you to St. Martin's Press and NetGalley for the opportunity to read an ARC in exchange for an honest review. Beautiful Front Cover.<br/><br/>The bar is set high for award winning best-selling author, Kristin Hannah’s upcoming THE NIGHTINGALE. The author delivers her “best” yet, with a poignant and compelling historical fiction, of two strong and courageous sisters faced with challenges, and choices of love, life and survival.<br/><br/>“Wounds heal. Love lasts. We remain.”<br/><br/>As the book begins, in 1995, an elderly widow is moving into an Oregon nursing home, pushed by the controlling son and surgeon, Julien. However, she receives an invitation to return to France to attend a ceremony of those honored, aiding those during the war where we are transported to 1940s.<br/><br/>From US present day to France in the 1940s WWII, we read about two sisters; a novel of love and war, and the secret lives of those who live in a small French town.<br/><br/>There are two sisters – one who follows the rules and one, not so much. Living in a small village, Vianne is content living in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and her daughter.<br/><br/>Antoine is leaving for the war to fight, and she does not want to think the Nazis will invade France. However, when the unspeakable happens, she must survive by making difficult choices.<br/><br/>When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle’s father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it’s not only the sisters’ relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of morals -right and wrong.<br/><br/>Her sister, Isabelle lives in Paris. A rebellious girl full of passions and meets a partisan, Gaetan who believes in fighting the Nazis and falls in love. However, all does not turn out the way she planned—now she must risk her life to save others.<br/><br/>Master storyteller, Kristin Hannah delivers an emotional, intense, and riveting tale, starting with the two sisters with vivid settings and impeccable research of the turbulent and devastating times during the war, the Germans, Nazis, and risks taken in order to survive; extraordinary courage and endurance of Frenchwomen during World War II.<br/><br/>Beautifully written, a heartbreaking story of two sisters during the French Resistance and their loves, family, passion, losses, and triumph over tragedy. A gem you will not want to miss!<br/><br/>I enjoyed reading about the inspiration behind THE NIGHTINGALE. In love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are. And sometimes, perhaps, we don’t want to know what we would do to survive.<br/><br/>In war, women’s stories are all too often forgotten or overlooked. Women tend to come home from the battlefield and say nothing and go on with their lives. The Nightingale is a novel about those women and the daring, dangerous choices they made to save their children and their way of life.<br/><br/>I have read twenty-two of Kristin’s books, and an avid fan for a number of years. Fans of Diane Chamberlain, Karen White, Jane Green, and Sarah Jio will enjoy Hannah’s style; an author and book, you cannot miss - one of the top historical fiction books of the year!
I have just finished listening the audio version of The Nightingale by Kristen Hannah and I am overwhelmed! My cheeks are sore from crying. Hannah has created a masterpiece! She makes the story of Paris during World War II real. She weaves the details of two women’s lives into a story that not only informs you what happened in France but also plunges deeply into feelings that must have been felt.<br/><br/>The story opens on April 9, 1995 on the Oregon coast with one of the sisters resigned to die from cancer and her son, Julian planning to move her in a place where she can be taken care of better. She decides to go back to Paris for memorial to her sister. She has never talked about the war to her son, Julian.<br/><br/>Viann, the older sister is living a quiet life in the country with her husband trying to ignore the rumors of war. Her sister, Isabelle is a rebellious young lady in a French boarding school. Viann is content to shield her daughter Sophie the coming war and luxuriate in the wonderful food and happiness in the countryside. Isabelle is kicked out of school again.<br/><br/>The Germans move into Paris and everyone’s lives change and will never be the same again. People start fleeing Paris in droves and there are petrol shortage. People have to line up with ration cards for the less desirable foods, the Germans take the best first. Fear became an everyday experience. Suffering and danger is everywhere. The two sisters, who at the beginning could not get along, undergo profound changes themselves. Atrocities and cruelties vividly surge in both the city and the countryside through the war years. The sisters living apart find they have no choice but to be incredibly brave and face amazing challenges with courage and take risks they never thought they would take.<br/><br/>If you can only read one book more book in your life, read this one!
Anyone who reads The Nightingale will long remember the experience for its intensity and inspiration.<br/>Starting with the German occupation of France, Kristin Hannah tells the story of a family already fractured by the First World War, now dealing with the WWII German takeover of their town, their home and ultimately and irreparably their lives.<br/>At first the occupation, whilst militarily assertive, is almost casual, as the Germans are buoyant with the progress of the war and their inroads into Europe.<br/>However as the war turns and Germany's fortunes plummet, the occupation becomes ever more menacing and the horror begins.<br/>The Rossignol family is torn apart and their spirit is tested in ways only imaginable by those individuals who lived through such times and torment.<br/>Amid the growing hate and terror, the heroics of the French resistance is laid bare, survival becomes a daily pursuit and outcomes appear only grim.<br/>Can such gross inhumanity truly be overcome by the enduring love of a husband and wife, a mother and father for their daughters, between two sisters whose lives have already been ravaged by the effects of one war? Is love really powerful enough to triumph over the very worst hand that life can deal?<br/>History demands that The Nightingale tells of unspeakable acts of cruelty and total disregard for human life. But the wonder of the story is that sheer love and devotion will simply not yield to death or despair. Harrowing and heartbreaking as it is, as it must be, Kristin Hannah steers the reader through history's darkest and most unforgivable times, and ultimately delivers a most uplifting story, leaving the reader in no doubt that courage and love are indeed unconquerable.
A truly engrossing and heart warming story. Wonderful characters beautifully portrayed against one of the darkest Times in the history of mankind. Although just a book, I thank the actual individuals who risked their lives to save others in France.
I simply could not put this book down.  I was a character in the story the whole way. I am an author of two books but when I read such an awesome book as this one  I know my aspirations are to be as good as Kristin Some day!!
I liked the story a lot. It really gave me a feel for events in surrounding the French Occupation of WWII. The author had a way of describing the hardship and trials that people endured so well. The descriptions were so powerful, and there was an element about her writing that made me feel many times like I was just transported into the scenes. For instance, in one scene she describes a bombing, and the way it POPS up into a scene took me unaware- just as the actual bombs would have taken the people unaware in real life. In another scene, she described wondering starving hordes, misplaced from their homes and how scary it could be for them to come by a home and garden. The story was just excellent. Isobel could be so spirited and rebellious in such perilous times.<br/><br/>What I did not like was the narrator's fake french accent. Her voice is beautiful, and she reads well with nice cadence and timbre, but so much of this narration was in a Fake french accent, and I didn't like it. I wish I'd read the book, instead of listened to the audiobook. Some people may not mind - my husband and son listened to it with me and they didn't seem to care. It just got to me- it took about 10 minutes before it started getting annoying. I listened to this one CD at a time because of that. I never even put it out in my vehicle thinking it would give me road rage.<br/><br/>There were some passionate scenes but I never felt embarrassed listening to it with my guys. It was rather educational and conducive to discussion of WWII. The historical component was very well done.
i have just finished this book and am in awe. It was beautiful and heart-breaking and I cannot believe how one person can create a world so vivid that you feel like you know these characters.  What a gift Kristin Hannah has!
I haven't read a book that moved me so deeply since I read John Warley's "A Southern Girl", but this book blew me away!  I wasn't expecting such an intimate look at World War II and the lives changed by it.  Very powerful!!
I have read several stories on the WW2 era and I am becoming more and more intrigued… I am facinated with just how mean and aweful the Natzi’s really were and how they tortured the Jewish people.  In this book it tells a lot about that and shows how horrible the French were treated as well!  In this story 2 sisters Viann and Isabell are living in France and are of French descent and times were tough! The Germans moved in and took their food, there homes, businesses made them do what they wanted and scared everyone nearly to death.  Food was so scarce that mothers neglected themselves to give to their children and near starved to death.  It also tells how these women made it thru these hard times while there husbands, fathers, brothers etc., were fighting in the war and the women were left to deal with the natzi’s.  They faced danger daily just walking to work/school/store….they became sick, hungry, got taken advantage of by the german’s and were in pain daily its amazing they lived through it!!  They were very brave and helped and hid various jewish people!  One woman the Nightingale took downed pilots, that were fighting against the Germans, across from the enemy to safety, hiking across the mountains in horrible conditions!  I don’t think I could have survived in this time.  This book was excellent!!! It made me think and want to know more about this era….If you ever thought a woman wasn’t or couldn’t be brave or couldn’t do things a man did then read this book because you are definitely wrong!  This is a must read, I Highly recommend it, 5*
Uncomplicated  story  line  with  the  background  from  Paris  during World War  2. The  2 main  characters, sisters,  were  fairly  typical of  female  siblings. The  book  read quickly and  held my interest  throughout.
I have been a fan of Kristin Hannah for many, many years.  But Nightingale, was like no other Kristin Hannah novel I've ever read.  I know everyone says what I'm about to say, when they're thrilled with a book, but I could not put it down.  It takes place during the German Occupation of France, during World War II.  I love novels based on historical facts, that intertwine with a very believable story.  The citizens of France did suffer horribly under Nazi rule.  That is a fact.  There were heroes, ordinary people doing extraordinary things.  There were also people in the French Countryside, who did the same.  This is the story of two sisters, trying desperately to survive.  One was a part of the resistance, and she led downed allied pilots over the Pyrenees Mountains into Spain.  It is a historical fact that this was done.  The other sister was an everyday housewife, trying to survive for herself and her little daughter.  Her husband was captured early on at the front.  Two different Nazi Officers, at different times, made her home their own.  She had no choice in the matter.  How each sister dealt with their circumstances, in their own ways, is what makes the story so magnificent. The Nazi's were violent, the occupation was violent, especially when they started rounding up the Jews for the extermination camps.  Above all, war is violent.  The Nightingale is a beautiful, masterfully weaved story about two sisters, and what they did to help so many people survive the terror and insanity of the times.  I truly cannot recommend it enough.
The beginning of the book was a little slow for me but halfway through the book I was hooked! The story and characters were beautiful and interesting. I was sad when the book ended. I would definitely recommend this book!
Fabulous book. I feared it would be too much like the other Nazi/French resistance book but it far surpassed it. Great characterization some surprises in the plot and a tough New Yorker was brought to tears at the end.
This is not a typical WWII story. It is a story set, for the most part, in small town France during WWII, and while it is a historical war story it is also a story about family and friendship and love. Most of all I found it to be a tale of women displaying immense courage under the worst of circumstances.<br/><br/>Vianne and Isabelle are sisters but they are somewhat estranged perhaps because they are so very different in nature - Vianne, the eldest is married with a daughter, settled and happy just to be a wife and mother; Isabelle, still a teenager, is unable to bow to authority, an admirer of Edith Cavell, she yearns to emulate the heroine of the Great War.<br/><br/>"Isabelle had always simply reacted in her life. Someone left her behind, she followed. Someone told her she couldn't do something, she did it. Every barrier she turned into a gate." (Pg.194)<br/><br/>Both sisters are forced to deal with the turmoil and despair happening in their lives and in their country, in the only way they know how.<br/><br/>The home-grown French Resistance is brought into stark focus and Ms. Hannah has managed a very vivid account of harrowing events that it would appear have been well researched.<br/><br/>For both sisters there are life and death questions that must be answered in the moment. With passion and courage and immeasurable fortitude these women must find their own path to survival.<br/><br/>It is the ending that will make your throat tighten and leave you with the question: `What would I have done?'
Loved this book. Just a little slow in the beginning, but quickly picks up pace and is hard to put down.  Great story about two sisters during the war. Would recommend to anyone who likes WWII books.
One of the best books written by my favorite author.  The characters pulled you right in to their world.  Recommend this book to everyone, especially those who will usually avoid historical fiction.
Flat out, there is no other way to describe this book--I loved it.<br/><br/>For anyone who has an interest in the German Occupations during WWII, this book will likely be interesting. Even if you don't, this book still has something to offer.<br/><br/>Have you ever read a book that brought you so close to the characters that you forgot you were reading a book at all? That is what happened to me whilst reading this. I found myself so involved in the lives of these characters that I felt their pain, longing, loss and redemption.<br/><br/>Down to the very last detail, this is a beautifully written and immaculately researched novel.<br/><br/>One of the things that made me love this book, is that the characters seem to truly belong in the setting. Everything does not turn out perfectly at the end as so many books seem to force. The sad times of war including, cold, hunger and loss of lives is well described here and the characters experience it, enough that the reader feels it too.<br/><br/>The relationships in this story are complex and go far beyond those in the average book. The people grow and change and make you believe in them even when all hope seems to be lost.<br/><br/>I can't say enough good things about this novel. It is amazing.<br/><br/>This review is based on a complimentary copy from the publisher and provided through Netgalley. All opinions are my own.
Although I thought it started slow, this is a wonderful book! The characters stay with you - I shed tears for them. Also learned a lot about what France went through in the war. I highly recommend!
This book was riveting and full of emotion. It is the story of two sisters in France as the Nazis take over and move in. Both sisters are somewhat estranged from the father, who came home from fighting in WWI a different man and he became even more withdrawn after the death of his wife. The older sister, Vianne, lives in a village in the Loire Valley with her husband and daughter. Soon after the start of the book, he is sent to fight. As the Nazis move in and occupy the town, Vianne is forced to allow one of the German soldiers to billet in her home. This would have been bad enough, but it only gets worse from there.<br/><br/>The younger sister, Isabelle, is still living in Paris with her father but wants to do something to help free France. She is courageous and a bit naive as she becomes part of the Resistance movement.<br/><br/>The description of the horrors of living under Nazi occupation and domination were painful to read. As one who has been so blessed to have been born when/where I have, it is so hard to fathom the evilness & barbarism of some people. It was hard to read and believe but, yet, I knew that such things had indeed happened.<br/><br/>The writing is incredible, pulling the reader in at every turn. You can feel the pain, the anguish, the desperation and, yes, the joy. It is an unbelievable story of women in war who do all and give all they can.
3.5 stars.  A story about two sisters and their survival during the German Nazi  invasion of France during WW2, from 1939-1945.  This well written story - as expected, given this tumultuous time in history, was completely and utterly tragic, in every sense of the word.  I learned so much about what women had to do to survive as their husbands, and fathers were sent out to fight against Hitler.  The strength of these women is something that stuck with me every time I would close the book.  This quote from the book sums it up:<br/><br/> “Women get on with it. For us it was a shadow war. There were no parades for us when it was over, no medals or mentions in history books. We did what we had to during the war..."<br/><br/>Why I did not give this book a higher rating when it is obviously  adored by the majority is simply based on the amount of tragedy squeezed into its pages.  True - History is not always pretty or comfortable.  However I felt the author never gave us a minute to catch ourselves from one sad moment to the next.  After all this is historical fiction, which wields the power to make the reader smile once in a while through the atrocities of war.  I feel that's the resilience that makes us human.  This is a very well written, strong read.  Romance was minimal and overshadowed by an onslaught of tragedy that created a bit of a melodramatic read for me.
I just spent six hours pouring over Hannah's 440 page novel where I was transported into 1940s France in the midst of World War II. I loved every single moment of this well crafted story and was so sad to see it end.<br/><br/>I am not a historian so I cannot speak to the accuracies or inaccuracies of the novel, but, as an avid reader, I can speak to it's heart.<br/><br/>The novel opens in 1995 on an elderly woman and her son. The woman is dying of cancer and her son is moving her out of her home. She goes to find a trunk full of memories and that is where the story starts.<br/><br/>Isabelle and Vienne Rossignol are, like many sisters, polar opposites. Abandoned by their father after the death of their mother they have grown apart over their lives - Vienne abandoning Isabelle much like their father did. The story is bound together by both sisters' sides of the story with the elderly woman woven in.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed this novel and it kept my attention from start to finish....all in one sitting. I found it easy to relate to both sisters and waffled back and forth between which sister would grow up to be the elderly woman. There is love, loss, and nearly every emotion possible inside these pages. Part of me wishes I had savored it more, but books are my weakness and once I get sucked in it is hard for me to break free until the story does that for me.
Every American should read this book, especially the younger generations, the ones who have not been exposed in the American classrooms to the atrocities of man's inhumanity to man during World War II. In fact, I think it should be required reading in middle school/ high school, followed by classroom discussions. Many years ago, when I taught 8th grade English in Davenport, Iowa, THE DIARY OF ANNE FRANK was on the required reading list.  My students actually took turns reading it out loud until it was finished.(This took place over several days.) I will never forget that experience - because there was not a dry eye in the room. I can assure you every student present has never forgotten that story. And I, as a grandmother of five, will never forget THE NIGHTINGALE. The author makes the reader to feel like you're right there, actually being a part of it all, as this complex story unfolds. As a suggestion, there are several sub plots within the main story; consequently, at times the reader can become a little confused.  My suggestion is to keep pencil and paper handy and jot down each character's name as he or she is introduced, and that should help with keeping everyone straight. Mainly this is a story of love, kindness, sacrifice, forgiveness, hope. I shall always remember it as a testament to the resilience of the human spirit when faced with unspeakable tragedy.
With so many people posting 4 and 5 star reviews about this book, I feel a bit guilty saying it was only a 3 star book for me.  Maybe it was because I had heard that this book was so good that it was a 5 star book, and maybe I went into it expecting my world to be moved when reading this.  And while the last 1/4 of the book definitely tugged at my heart strings, I didn't feel it was much different than the other WWII historical fiction out there.  JoJo Moyes wrote The Girl You Left Behind from the perspective of a woman in France during the war, and I liked her story and portrayal of characters better than Hannah's.  Moyes' novel moved faster for me too; with Hannah's, there were parts I felt didn't need to be in the story and it could've been edited down some so it wasn't as slow moving as it was for me to read.<br/><br/>Yes, the women in France (Europe, really) were very brave to go through the war while enduring what they did.  I'm not trying to diminish history itself.  I just read the book and thought "meh" at the end.  I know a 4 and 5 star book for me is one I can't forget, and have to give myself a break between books.  With The Nightingale, I could move on to a new book a half hour after finishing it without problems.  This one is a good portrayal of the horrors of WWII, but not anything I haven't already read by other authors already.
Be ready to be swept away- into history, into the evils of man with no details spared.  The truth in this story is haunting and at the same time beautiful.  Have tissues handy, you'll need them.
Wonderfully written, expertly crafted, incredibly moving, profoundly depressing and a really really good book.  I loved and hated being inside this book but I am glad I read it.
Nightengale is truly a beautiful book.  It captures and envelopes us into the lives of two sisters in France during WWII.  Kristin Hannah is somehow able to capture the unbreakable bonds of love and friendship In the midst of the horrors of this time. She does so in such a gentle way, making our emotions as fragile and delicate as those of these two heroic sisters, all the while making us realize that there are many forms of heroism.  The greatest heroism of all was the survival and rebuilding of lives and families of all  the women and men imprisoned  both within the camps, and those imprisoned within their own homes.<br/><br/> I was stunned by the isolation both sisters were forced to live with in order to survive the inhuman brutality of the German Gestapo and SS.  Although this novel centers on the lives of two Catholic women,  Hannah was able with just a few short paragraphs towards the end of the book, make me finally understand the withdrawal and suspicion I've encountered in some  descendents of Jewish survivors  even to this day, 70 years after the end of the war.  Yet, even as the effects of evil and death may be far reaching, the effects of love and courage are even more so.  Congratulations to Hannah on  this work of art.
I cried like a baby. I cried, and cried, and cried. The last 30 pages of this book is heart wrenching and yet beautiful and utterly fantastic. This books causes a memory of a story I will remember, I cannot speak highly enough about.<br/><br/>Emotionally haunting. Intensely draining. Staggeringly nightmarish. Brutally descriptive. Characters weaved with beauty, and also with horror done onto them. The destruction of the human body, but never the spirit, and the soul to do what is right, and to sacrifice what needs to be done for loved ones, and for strangers. I will not lie, I cried in many spots in this book. I also did not want to put the book down to do my daily chores, or my daily biddings. I just wanted to read page after page of this brilliant, beautiful, horrible, amazing story of a family, and their plight during war. The story allows you to experience the characters pain, suffering, choices, regrets, doubts, family issues, personal tragedies, horrible mistakes. In the end all you have is family and love, no matter how horrible the past, the present, or even the future might be, with family and with love, everything else does not matter.<br/><br/>"but love has to be stronger than hate.." ---Vianne, fThe Nightingale
"The Nightingale" is a riveting, compelling book of historical fiction that takes place in France during World War II. The book accompanies two sisters through the Nazi Occupation and relates each sister's particular experiences during the War.  The sisters are Isabelle, the precocious, altruistic young woman determined to join the French Resistance.  The other sister is Vianne, by nature a more traditional type of French housewife. For most of their lives, the sisters are at odds with each other because of Isabelle's actions.<br/><br/>The main focus is on what the two sisters had to do to survive the war. While the characters in this book are not real, their stories are based on actual events that took place during World War II by countless victims of Nazi brutality.<br/><br/>The uplifting moments of the story are short-lived, and are generally followed by plunges into depths of despair.  The narrator graphically depicts helpless fragility faced with raw brutality and sadism.  The readers, by virtue of the author's expertly written account, accompany the sisters and, therefore, feel every emotion as if they were eye-witnesses to the brief, joyful experiences as well as to the long periods of privation and pain.<br/><br/>This is a monumental opus!
I do not like historical fiction.  Again, I DO NOT LIKE HISTORICAL FICTION.  But after reading so many of the positive reviews and seeing this book everywhere, I decided to give it a chance.  A small part of me regrets it, as I can't stop thinking about it, to the point where it got hard to sleep at night.  It was a very long book but I didn't want it to end. I finished it this morning and sobbed on my way to work.  Never has a book made me feel every conceivable emotion.  Never.  What made me empathize more with one of the characters is that I'm a new mom, and could not imagine what I would have to go through if I were in a similar position.  The hopelessness, the despair, but also the love and faith that these characters show, are beautiful.  There were a lot of parts of the book that were extremely difficult to read: the starvation, the concentration camps, the brutality of innocent people at the hands of monsters, it made me very uncomfortable.  But this book also brought awareness to the beautiful people who sacrificed their own lives for others, who put themselves last so others could tell the story.  Such a beautiful, poignant book.  I hope it never gets made into a movie as a movie could never capture its depth and beauty.
I am a huge fan of historical novels set around both the World Wars.  I particularly enjoy reading stories about those who experienced it from a different perspective, living in the different countries.<br/><br/>The Nightingale, was beautifully written and was of great interest to me as it told the women's war stories, during occupation of their beloved France.  So different to those of their menfolk, but none the less heroic.<br/>Rather like War Brides by Helen Bryan, which was written about women in Britain, and The Baker's Daughter by Sarah McCoy, a story of poor people in Germany.  Set during WW I, The Daughters of Mars, by Thomas Keneally tells the story of Australian nurses, again an extraordinary book which extended my knowledge and understanding.<br/><br/>As a British woman in her late 50's, I heard my parents wartime experiences, and also stories about their parents WW I experiences.  I had several maiden great aunts for whom there were no men to marry.  My knowledge was inevitably very one sided, so these other stories have added greatly to my understanding of this important historical period.  I was only taught about The Tudors and Stuarts at school, and that did not interest or spark my imagination at the time.
This was a plot driven story, easy to read, not particularly beautifully written.  Quite a bit of food descriptions as you might expect of a story which takes place in France.
I absolutely loved this book!  The mixture of history and the characters in this book made is a most interesting and entertaining read.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
Wow! I wish I could give this book more than 5 stars.  This is one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  The story of two very different sisters, Isabelle and Vianne, who both try to deal with the struggles and horrors of war, but each in their very own way.  Vianne is the older sister, but she has always been more timid than her rebellious younger sister Isabelle.  When Vianne's husband goes to war, France's army is no match for Germany and he is quickly captured by the Nazi's and sent to a prison camp.  Vianne is left to care for her daughter.  As she faces the struggles of life in France during the war, a German officer moves in.  Isabelle is outspoken and impulsive, she finds herself in the middle of the German invasion and she soon turns her anger and frustration into action by joining the resistance.  Their relationship is often very strained, but they both care deeply about each other.  Both Vianne and Isabelle deal with hardships and find strength, as the face dangerous conditions.  Kristin Hannah does a tremendous job of sharing the deep relationships that form in the midst of war, the sacrifices that were made by so many of the French people.  I really enjoyed this book and would highly recommend it.
The horrors of the Nazi occupation of France are on full display in Kristin Hannah's newest book.  The bulk of the story focuses on two sisters, Viann and Isabelle, who live in occupied France.  Much of the story is focused on their day-to-day survival- how they manage to eat and sleep and get through each day.  The sisters take very different paths.  Isabelle joins the Resistance.  Viann just wants the war to be over, puts her head down, and does what she is told.  Viann is faced with dilemmas when she sees, first-hand some of the Nazi atrocities committed by German soldiers she believed to be decent.  As the two sisters deal with different crises, we eventually find out what became of them.  The beginning suggests that one sister survived the war, but we don't know her identity until the end.<br/><br/>This is a very readable book.  Hannah regularly creates engaging characters and well-developed plots, and that is true here.  This is a book that keeps the reader engaged.  I have read other historical fiction on occupied France, but the plot is engaging enough that it doesn't feel like a return to worn ground.  Overall, well worth reading.
I don't even know what to say or where to begin! I finished the book this morning sobbing in my bed by myself. Don't let that stop you from reading it though. Kristin Hannah is such a gifted and amazing author and this is probably my favorite book of hers now. She delves deeply into WWII and the Holocaust and it is tough to read in places, keeping you on the edge of your seat and full of emotion and tension. It differs from many of the other WWII books in that it takes place in France from the beginning to the end of the war. It tells two different stories about two sisters who have been separated by events mostly out of their control and the brave acts of heroism these unlikely women committed out of a sense of duty to do what was right. KH really brings light to the atrocities and devastation suffered by all the people of France (and likely all of Europe), whether they were Jewish or not. Although the US was in the war with our military might, our citizens probably had no idea of what the Europeans were living through as Hitler and the Nazis ravaged Europe. The book is about love, survival, forgiveness and the strength of the human spirit. I encourage you not to miss reading it!
The Nightingale was the story of women in occupied France during WWII.  Kristen Hannah developed the 2 main characters well in a way that I felt showed their resilience, their fears, survival instincts and skills, as well as their female qualities - love and caring for others, heartbreak, female friendships.  Yes, women were  in the "shadow war"-no parades or medals for their war efforts, but I think that the author related the women's war efforts in a realistic way.<br/><br/>I was intrigued that Isabelle was based on a real woman in France.  The research into her history was blended with the story in a very believable (but heartbreaking) way.  Vianne was a good blend of what I assume would be a French "everywoman" - I do not mean this in a negative way- who endured and sacrificed during the war in order to live for her husband's return and keep her children alive.<br/><br/>The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it was a little predictable - but I liked the way the story got there.  Also, I switched between the kindle edition and audible and I missed how one of the characters got to Oregon.  Why Oregon and who else went there.  What happened to the rest of her family?
I listened to the CD version of this book, which makes it my first time listening to a book instead of reading it (not including the read-along books from childhood). It is 14 CD's and over 14 hours long. That's longer than I was expecting but not a problem.<br/><br/>The reader, Polly Stone, did a really good job but I must say, some parts were annoying for me- namely the parts where a French accent is used (no offense to anyone with a French accent, although I don't know how authentic these ones sound). Unfortunately it was grating to my ears and jolting when it cropped up unexpectedly. That's not Stone's fault, it was just me. I now know I would have preferred the book instead. Other than that, despite the audio book's length, the reading maintained a good pace and was easy to keep up with.<br/><br/>As for the actual story, it's engaging, heartrending, and sounds well written. This was the first book I've read (?) that's about WW2 France from the perspective of the women so it was eye-opening. The juxtaposition of Isabelle and Viann, their attitudes, choices, and fates, was well done. It's a very emotional journey. It would probably be 5 stars if I'd read it. Recommended.
Sisters Vianne and Isabelle, entrapped in occupied France during WWII, endure the horrors of their circumstances in very different ways. Young mother Vianne is reluctant to risk anything in order to protect herself, her daughter, and her property – an “eyes closed” attitude causing her even to refuse shelter to her injured sister. Younger sister Isabelle, known as a rebel from her childhood, becomes “the nightingale,” as she escorts 27 fallen airmen across the Pyranees into Spain. Vianne succeeds in her efforts to accommodate the Germans, until she must “adopt” the very young son of her best friend Rachel, a jew who is soon sent away with her older son. Soon Vianne’s situation is made even worse when a very cruel SS officer billets in her home and suspects her of helping the rebels. Meanwhile, Isabelle is captured and sent to Rauensbruck and later Malthausen before she is finally liberated, starving and in terrible health. Interwoven in the story is a modern element: one of the sisters is now elderly and is invited back to Paris for a special award. Which sister is it? The answer is not revealed until the very end. Intense and well-written, this is a fine story of WWII.
I usually steer away from WWII stories because the truth and terror of it hard to face.  I couldn't put this book down.  Heartbreaking and beautiful at the same time.
The book brought tears to my eyes it was one of the best I ever red. I was born in Germany in 1941, I have any memory from the war maybe about two or three instances
One of the best books I've ever read, and I am an avid reader!  I hated it when this story ended. I have talked about it for the past three days since finishing it.
This is a book that I debated buying; after all, World War II books are commonplace and I've read many.  My initial thought was that it was time to move on to a different genre.  But, with all the hype and positive reviews, I decided to read one more.  And my goodness, this was one of the finest novels I have ever read.  From the very beginning I was absorbed into the characters and the story line.  Hannah's writing style is such that I felt as though I was living with the characters.  I could feel every emotion, could feel every hunger pang, every piece of warmth or cold.  I could see every scene vividly as though I was there.<br/><br/>This book provides a perspective on WW-II that is seldom covered: the women's war.  That alone makes the book worth reading.  But the book is much more than that.  It is a story of love, of family, of faith, and of redemption.  It is a story of a lifetime. It is emotionally gut-wrenching: to the extent that I found myself needing to pause after every 2-3 chapters to internalize and process what I've read.<br/><br/>I do not say this lightly; The Nightingale is a book worthy of Pulitzer Prize consideration.
The Nightingale is as good as it gets.Well written ,descriptive,but not drawn out.I really hated to finish it.Thank you Ms.Hannah for some most enjoyable reading.
Wow! This is an exquisitely written portrayal of World War II and the takeover of France by Nazi Germany. It is both heart wrenching and heart warming. It is about incredible loss and incredible strength. It is about love and hate. But, mostly, it is about survival during a terrible time in our history. The mass murders of men,women and children. This book is going to make you cry, I did, several times. To me, that is the sign of a great book. A book should make you feel. I also learned a lot about the strength of the French to just survive. It makes me hate Nazi Germany even more than I did. I feel such a sorrow in my heart and soul for what people endured during this time. This is a book I will not soon forget. The story flows effortlessly and the characters, while complex, are extremely well developed. I finished this book feeling like I knew each character. This is a book that needs to be read. This is a time in history we must never forget and never let happen again. History must not repeat itself. Excellent work Kristin Hannah. This is a book that I will savor again and again. I highly, highly recommend this book.Absolutely exquisite!
It has been yrs. since a novel has gripped me so. A true page-turner. Author has portrayed war so realisticly.<br/>Story ending unexpected.<br/>Loved the book.
This was a fascinating book about the French involvement in the war.  Based on facts, though fiction, beautifully written.  Made me appreciate history even more.
Loved this book - the intricate family dynamics but in a historical setting. Kristin always pulls me in so that I can't put the book down until I've read it all.
When I read a review of the book and then saw who wrote it, I decided that I wasn't interested In reading a romance.  I had read several books by the author years ago, and felt that I had out grown her.  That comment is not meant to criticize her writing style, (she is a lovely writer) but more from my memories of her content.  However, I have an intense interest in the history of World War II, particularly in the little known details that one rarely reads in history books., (usually written from a man's viewpoint.) The idea that this story was not only  written by a woman and about how life was for women in France, made me change my mind.  I read the book on my kindle, and ordered the Hard Cover edition to be added to my "Proper" library.  The Nightingale will take it's place with many other novels that I have collected over the years.  Now that I am officially a Senior Citizen, I am culling the hundreds of books I own, but The Nightingale will stay with those other superb works of fiction, until I "go" and "they" go to a library.  I hope Ms. Hannah accepts the title for this review as a sincere compliment..
a masterful blend of fact, fiction and love, all rolled into a great story during WW II.  The book moves along with a knock out ending.  Don't pass this one by.
Beautifully written by H Kristin. I was committed after a few paragraphs as I was guided from the Oregon Coast 1995 toFrance during WWII and back to 1995 again.
After their mother’s death devastated their family, and their father, who had returned from war a distant parent, rejected them, Viann and Isabelle Rossignol take different paths in life.  Older sister Viann becomes pregnant and marries her high school sweetheart, and rebellious Isabelle is expelled from several boarding schools.  After the Germans conquered France, Viann’s husband becomes a prisoner of war in Germany, and she is forced to billet a German officer in her home.  She gradually takes a more active role in the resistance, saving Jewish children by hiding them in a convent. Isabelle volunteers for a dangerous duty, boldly leading fallen airmen across the mountains into safety in Spain.  Code named the Nightingale, she bravely rescues many men before she is captured.  The strength of character of these two very different women is evident.<br/><br/>The author skillfully depicts the horrors of war through the eyes of the two sisters. The story vividly illustrates how the Nazis used intimidation, brutality, and starvation to demoralize the French population.  I found the story absorbing, moving, and a page-turner.
This may be my favorite novel set during WWII.<br/><br/>How much do I love this story? Well, I have read it in e-book, listened to it on an audio from the library, and recently bought the book in hardcover.<br/><br/>The Nightingale is a beautiful story of love and loss. Two sisters, Isabel and Vianne, are brought together at last through their shared suffering and sacrifice during war. The novel extends from slightly before the Germans invade France until after the war and is filled with tension and suspense brought about by their brutal occupation. The small town of Careveaux just outside Vichy France where Vianne lives with her daughter, Sophie, comes alive as its citizens persevere during the occupation years, especially the dreaded winters when newsprint is put between layers of clothing in order to stay warm. The details of everyday life, the rationing, gardening, canning, gives the reader a sense of what life was like. Vianne is trying to protect her daughter and survive, while Isabel goes to Paris trying to free France. The tension and suspense both experience makes this taunt thriller a riveting read.
there have been many stories do the suffering of the Free French during the Second World War.  This is one of the best. The stories plot line moves quickly. I found it impossible to put down. While the characters are rather thinly drawn, each represents a prototype of that era. The heros and heroines of Le Resistance  portray a bravery not commonly seen; nor does the author stereotype the Nazis as all evil. What she does especially well is build on the gradual encroachment of the German war machine on the lives of everyday people in the French countryside.<br/>As the narrative develops, each character undergoes dramatic changes both physically and psychologically.  Each experiences a profound challenge which causes them to face themselves in ways in which only a catastrophe can bring about. Each is called upon to test their bravery in the face of evil and then live with their choices.<br/><br/>The author does a good job of not overdramatizing. The horrors of war speak for themselves.  One can only wonder what choices we would make when faced with the brutality, deprivation and degradation of this experience.
If you have not read this yet, you are missing an extraordinary book. This amazing historical novel gives details of so many of the atrocities that took place in small towns occupied by the Germans during WWII.  It focuses on two sisters, one of whom is married with husband and child, the other of whom is a bit of a free spirit/rebel.  It takes place during WWII and works so many facets of the war into the story.  At the beginning everyone is as one, but then the Jews are fired from jobs, forced to give up their businesses, then forced to wear armbands, then sent away on trains.  Food and other essentials are plentiful at first but then come the ration cards and then starvation and freezing weather while the Germans keep their pantries full and their fires burning.  Everyone has their home, their garden and then the Germans take over houses, offices, destroy outbuildings, yards.  It tells the stories of members of the resistance, rescuing Jews and downed allied airmen.  It also delves into the horrific existence of prisoners in concentration camps.  This is at the top of my list of the WWII novels I have read.
super depressing but great read, WW2 seems to be really big right now. This books was a struggle of 2 sisters and their relationship in a war-torn country.
I loved this book!  Beautifully written with just enough romance, action, history and intrigue to keep all readers happy,  I was sad to finish it.  Buy it!
I thoroughly enjoyed everything about this book and devoured it in a few days. Although the subject matter is heavy (WWII and the holocaust) and the story intense, I found that it was the deeper message of love, family, and hope that spoke the loudest. Perhaps it is because I only just lost my father that I felt this story of 2 daughters and their dad so deeply, but I tend to think that Kristin Hannah nailed some universal truths about family and relationships. Yes, many books have been written about this period of time...(and thank goodness they are lest we forget), but I found this novel to be different. The author does a good job of developing the story and the horror of the war in occupied France, and just how "good" the Germans were at slowly and methodically achieving their goals. I enjoyed the complexity of the insight into the internal conflict that I would like to believe that some German soldiers experienced as the atrocities became clear. Ultimately, this story is about how women survive war and the way our relationships influence the decisions we make in order to survive.
A most unforgettable book. A story of France during World War II and the women who lived through it. Vianne is learning to cope after her husband is forced to join the army. She needs to protect her children and provide for them with ever-dwindling rations. She has to live with a German offficer bileted in her meager home. She must also deal with her sister, Isabella, an outspoken critic of the German occupiers. Isabella is a headstrong, fearless opponent and she becomes active in the underground, shepharding downed American and British flyers over the Alps to safety. Each woman has dealt with the abandonment by their father in their youth after their mother's death in a different manner which keeps them from enjoying the closeness they both seek. Gut wrenching moments occur when the Jews are forced to leave their town and when Isabella is captured by the Nazis. Heart wrenching moments occur when Vianne tries to save Jewish children from deporation to the camps and when a damaged Isabella returns. The war ends and Antoine, Vianne's husband, returns and she has many secrets to tell or not.
Overall, a very engrossing read with several unflinching perspectives on wartime France under German occupation, as well as a more nuanced storyline than many other historical fiction novels about women at war. It was also great to see a developing contrast between how different war resisters arrived at their decisions. As some of the other reviewers pointed out, there are frequent anachronisms or cliches in character speech that pull you out of the period. Another issue that bothered me is that the novel really side-steps anti-semitism among French citizens. With the exception of one callous town collaborator and a few passing notes about collaborators in general, the book makes it appear as though pre-war France was a largely welcoming and pluralistic haven, and as though non-Jewish French citizens were all unwilling victims just trying to survive under the Germans. The historical tragedy of internal cultural conflicts and willing complicity with war crimes among French (as in other European countries) is really side-stepped, and this made the novel's historical insights much flatter.
To be fair, the book description didn't interest me much. However, I read a couple books a month, and thought I would give it a chance.<br/><br/>Because I read a lot, I quit books relatively quickly if they don't hold my interest. For lack of any other books on my list, I started and stopped this book a few times. I never loved it, but it held my interest enough for me to finally finish the book.<br/><br/>The plot dragged. I didn't care about the characters. Horrific things happened - children died, women were raped, families were torn apart, people made love, prisoners were beaten, children starved...but I didn't care. At one pivotal moment (after a child was shot down before Viann's eyes), I just thought, "Well that blows." I wasn't emotionally invested enough to really FEEL the character's pain. A character wonders if she will be able to withhold info after captured because it was so "awful." I was thinking, "Really? You'd rat out your friends after getting a kick in the face?"<br/><br/>Bottom line, it wasn't a waste of time, but I wouldn't recommend it.
The Nightingale is a very well written book which takes place in France during World War II.  The author clearly painted a very detailed,descriptive, and authentically realistic picture of the German occupation of France and how the French people were treated and suffered during this time in their history.  The two sisters suffered in different ways during the war and each contributed in helping others by either taking in children or leading shot-down pilots to Spain so they could continue fighting the war.<br/>Kristin Hannah did an excellent job of describing the very strenuous and exhausting passage, on foot, through the Pyrenees in order to reach Spain.  She also excelled in pointing out when Jewish families were taken away and the sacrifices of the mothers to save their children<br/>I learned so much from The Nightingale which is why I enjoy historical fictions.  I have read several books which take place during World War II and each one brings a new insight into how lives were affected.<br/>I have recommended The Nightingale to family members as a "must read."
This is one of my favorite books. I love WWII fiction and this book was a great mix of romance, history, sadness, and hope. While parts of it were predictable, it didn't ruin the book for me. There were also unexpected twists. I found myself crying crocodile tears at least 4 times throughout the book, which is a mark of a great writer. Hannah wrote scenes that tore at my heartstrings as a mother, wife, and daughter, and many times I pictured myself in the book with the characters. I was able to put myself in Vianne's shoes and ask myself how I would have reacted in her situation with the soldiers who requisitioned her home. Her thoughts, actions, and ways of living with these enemy men in her home completely capitvated me. I think Hannah was able to create two beautiful, strong heroines at the center of this story.<br/><br/>I have read some of the negative reviews about historical accuracy of this novel, but chose not to nitpick the novel with such a fine toothed comb. It was a wonderful story and kept me captivated and I recommend it to anyone who likes historical fiction.
This book was incredible. I couldn't put it down. A true love story and not just for romantics but a love story about families.<br/>This is a must read
An amazing book, one of those that comes along only a few times in a generation.  A superbly written story full of love, tragedy, family, sacrifice and the constant companions of doubt and surprise as each character explores and discovers true friends and true enemies, regardless of what nationality they claim or what uniform they wear.  Readers more than once will find themselves uttering, as I did, "Oh my God, no!" as yet another unimaginable tribulation befalls the main characters, but then tears will flow, as they did for me, by the triumphs of people whose bodies may be broken but whose human spirit transcends some of the greatest evils ever experienced by mankind.  I will be outraged if "The Nightingale" is not a top contender for the Pulitzer or National Book prizes.  It is that good.  "Unbroken," "The Orphan Master's Son" and "The Nightingale" - three new masterpieces that drag every raw emotion from our hearts, deftly interweave tragedy and triumph, and remind us that the classics of literature are still being produced today.
Although this is a work of fiction I am experiencing deep sadness and wonder this day after finishing 'The Nightingale'; this story kept me riveted to the "pages" of my kindle... I am a first-generation American of German descent, and grew up hearing stories of the horrors of living under rule of the Nazi government; my father was a soldier (against his will) during WWII at the young age of 16. My parents and relatives spoke very little of this time but always shook their heads and with great sadness said they saw such horrors and people lived in such fear. This novel paints the picture of this war and provides a way to "see" and "feel" it through the lives of women, children, and men. The horrible atrocities I could "feel" so intimately through Kristin Hannah's characters. Read this book, and weep for the innocent men women and children whose lives were brutally and mercilessly disregarded, painfully, brutally, tortured and stolen in the most evil manner.
Moved to tears and pride to know and feel the strength of these women.  God bless the heroines that  give move than seems humanly possible.
Unpretentious plot and use of words attracted me to keep reading on. No dramatic end of story nor grand message, but it's just enthralling.
This is such a departure from Kristin Hannah's usual work, but I absolutely loved every word. Set during WWII, this is the story of two sisters who are trying to survive the war and Germany's invasion of France. Vianne is forced to house Nazi soldiers to save her daughter while her husband is off to war. Isabelle risks her life time and time again to help with the French Resistance. I can't even begin to describe how much I loved every word of this story. Both sisters are so different, but both women save lives during the war and they do it with no thought to their own lives and with no desire for recognition. Because this is a book about war, it isn't pretty or happy. There were so many times that I gasped out loud or bit my nails in suspense. No character was safe in this book and happy endings are all relative. The only thing I didn't like about this book was that it had me sobbing over the last five chapters. Luckily, I had a cold so I was able to hide my tears from my husband.
This is the story of two sisters living under the German occupation in France.  One sister stays at home protecting her daughter and hoping that her husband will return.  The other sister joins the resistance and leads downed British and American pilots across the mountains to Spain.  For most of the story the sisters are antagonistic to one another, but they are reconciled in the end as they realize each has suffered in their own way.<br/>  It took me some chapters to get into this book, but I read the last two hundred pages in one sitting.  The end becomes a bit of a tear-jerker as the  various plot lines are resolved, but I don't think it desolves into melodrama.  I think that everything that happened to the people in this story occurred during occupation of France in WWII.  I have become a fan of fiction and biographies about ordinary people who endured and fought the Nazi occupations, and, anyone else who enjoys such stories of heroism should enjoy "The Nightingale."
I am not surprised to see the extremely high customer ratings on this book just a little over a month after its publication. With that many 5 star reviews, I can't add anything that has not already been said. I have been an avid reader for about 50 or more years, and this is one of the best books I have ever read. I have never cried while reading any book, even the very moving The Book Thief, but I shed many tears reading this one. We all are familiar with the terrible situation in Europe in WWII, but this book brought it all to life for me. I felt I could feel the hunger, the cold, the fear was intense. I loved the feisty and daring Isabelle and her more cautious sister Vianne. I have no words to describe the impact this book has made on me. Of course the book is taking place during a time in history that hopefully will never be repeated. I only wish there was a way to teach history through personal stories instead of dry facts, it is so much more real. I loved this book so much.
It is beautifully written book. I will definitely recommend to book club friends and family.  Cried through the end as it was so emotional
My Thoughts<br/><br/>Vianne and Isabelle are two sisters living in France during World War II.  The Nightingale is the story about the decisions each made to survive this very terrible time period.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah has a unique ability of being able to take an achingly sad story and still write it with some beauty and hope.  The characters felt so real and my heart broke for both of them.  So much of what they experienced and saw was devastating - the cruel behavior of the Nazis, the loss of friends and family members, starvation and brutality.  Yet each sister persevered and chose living over surrender.<br/><br/>I must say, there were times when I cried over this story.  But because of the way it was written, it was very powerful.  This is one of those stories I reflect on, even days after I finished it.  So typical of Ms. Hannah’s writing.<br/><br/>Many thanks to St. Martin’s Press, via netgalley, for allowing me to read this in exchange for an unbiased review.
This story has everything.  It was riveting, moving and exceptionally well written.  It was too much at times and I would have to put it down and continue in a day or two.  It was too close, too tight and the story enveloped me.  Historically it is significant and very very accurate.  The French people had to endure the NAZI occupation like no other country did.  Other than Poland they might have suffered the most.  Because they were taken so quickly and the government utilized a philosophy of accommodation the people were treated with derision and contempt.  The Jews were dispatched quickly and completely.  Poland alone suffered more.  This story, told by two women who chose different paths for survival is heart breaking on both accounts.  It gets to you.  War is hell on earth and I notice with the wars in the middle east, we still perpetrate unbelievable pain, suffering and torture on our fellow human beings.  This story could be told again from a middle east point of view.
I received this book from a Goodreads First reads giveaway.  It is a beautiful hardcover book!<br/><br/>First I would like to start by saying I am not a history buff.  I avoid non-fiction history like the plague.  But  I am slowly learning to love history through my fiction books.<br/><br/>Nightingale is a story of two sisters and their battle to survive during wartime.  One sister has a family, her husband is off to war, so her priority is to her child's well-being.  The other sister is young and rebellious, wanting to fight the war in her own way.  Follow the story of these women, learning of real courage in the face of death, loyalty to family and friends and how to love when you have lost faith in living.<br/><br/>These characters gave a great perspective of War while living in France.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to anyone who has read "All the Light we cannot see", "The Book Thief" , "Life After Life" and "At the Water's Edge".
Hannah captures the horror of war and the indomitable human spirit.  Familial relationships are strong and the bonds of love are eternal.
I've read lots of WWII stories. This one was different and well written. Sure didn't take long to read it. I would recommend it for sure.
.Most reviews below are from females. I was a bit hesitant when I purchased the book. I can honestly say it was one of the best books I've read all year, if not in the past 5 years. When I was walking the dog today, I literally thought of the 2 main characters in the novel, both sisters, and what it must have been like to be hungry, scared, and always looking down out of fear for just saying hello to a neighbor. The book moves at a brisk pace, never dull, and builds and builds with suspense. It was hard to put it down at night, I just wanted to read more and more and see what happens to all of the characters. It was also interesting to see War from a female perspective, as most books ARE from a male point of view. But even as a male, you can easily relate to all the characters, and start to feel their emotions and how they had to take care of their family, missing their husbands, all with no money, old, torn clothes, with the enemy surrounding you. Great book, read it!!!
If I could give this book ten stars, I wouldn't hesitate.  This is by far Ms. Hannah's best book.  Her research was thorough and her story captured my attention from the first page.  This book was so intense at times that I had to put it aside for a while.  That being said, I stayed up until 2:00AM this morning to finish it.  I've thought about it all day long.  The characters were so real and the struggles so painful it has echoed through my thoughts today.  I would compare it to All The Light You Cannot See by Anthony Doerr.  Both authors have captured that time period well and presented fully developed characters.<br/><br/>When the book begins, the reader does not know which sister is telling the story.  I kept trying to guess and then began hoping that it was one or the other.  I never do this-but I actually skipped to the end to see because I couldn't stand the suspense.  If you can only read one historical fiction novel this year, I suggest you choose this one.
A friend recommended I read "All The LIght We Cannot See" by Anthony Doerr, which I recommended to others and which has stayed in my mind. This friend said that she felt  "The Nightingale " was as good, so I read.  What was so draining about the first  book was at least equal in this, the author's ability to just pull me in, so that I cared so much. The characters demonstrated, how hard it is to be human, to be kind and generous, and cognizant of the needs of others when you felt abandoned or unloved, or lost or  scared and sometimes you curled into yourself.  However, sometimes, you can  reach out, despite your fears and failings, and do what is right.  This was also  a frightening story of how  insidiously those in power, who had lost all sense of morality, could slowly and systematically attempt to destroy the humanity in others.  This is not the story of  perfect people but of those who ended up trying to counteract the evil that surrounded them..
I enjoyed this book and but IMO you do have to overlook a few inconsistencies.  I kept wondering, why would Isabelle choose the secret code name Nightingale--it is a direct translation of the last name Rossignol AND she was French so her code name was the same as her last name.  Right?  Also. When Isabelle went to hide the airman in the cellar, she noted that "some of the provisions she'd left had been used."  Wouldn't ALL of the provisions been used by Vianne during the terrible winter?  And what became of the Jewish family that Isabelle hid in the closet of the Paris apartment...no further reference was made to them that I saw.<br/><br/>There were other inconsistencies and inaccuracies as well that detracted from the story line in that I had to stop reading and say "Wait a minute--that doesn't make sense."  However, I did care about the characters and I did want to read to the end.<br/><br/>Even so, it was an entertaining read and I enjoyed it.
Kristin Hannah writes lovely, meaningful books and there is none better than The Nightingale.  The story of two sisters who live in France during the Nazi occupation is richly layered with so many themes of love, loss, sacrifice and the ultimate triumph of family that it is difficult to write a fairly short review and give it the justice it deserves.  My book club read this book and it brought up so many thought-provoking questions. What we liked best about this book, aside from it being a beautifully written story, was how it told the story from the point of view of women,  Women that sometimes were invisible to the Nazi's and therefore could quietly work against them; the women who tried to keep home and family together while living with cruelty and injustice all around them and women who helped others despite the danger to themselves.  The book makes you laugh and cry, it is suspenseful and satisfying in every way.  For me and my book club too, it is a MUST READ!
Powerful and emotional tale of love, loss, forgiveness, strength, and bravery during the second World War.<br/><br/>Two sisters, two very different paths in life, yet both end up sacrificing their safety for the protection of others. Isabella, the youngest, impetuous, rash, and needy for love and acceptance from her father and sister after her mother's death. Vianne, the responsible one, rule follower, mother, desperate to not be alone after her mother's death. Set in France, at the start of WW II, the story documents their individual paths; Isabella as a member of the resistance in Paris, risking her life to help downed allied airmen escape out of Nazi occupied France into Spain. Vianne, trying to protect her child and childhood best friend, risks herself by trying to save Jewish children from being sent to death in concentration camps under the nose of German officers billeted in her home.<br/><br/>This story was beautifully written. I highly recommend it!
I have developed an affection for Kristen Hannah whom I once dismissed as too light.  But she treats serious themes.  It seems to meshe often has a flawed female character who develops or redeems herself or otherwise carries the plot----simple enough but Hannah brings her character to life and they are likeable people with whom we empathize. There is drama but there is a sense of domesticity, lives lived fully if not necessarily well.  I now read each of her books as they come out.<br/><br/>The Nightingale is a departure in that it is an historical novel set in WWII France.  It is the story of the development of a young, emotionally naïve woman who grows to a profound maturity as she evolves from personal vision of self as dashing young adventuress to a serious and essential participant in the French Resistance.<br/><br/>This is a novel but it tells a story that could be that of thousands of people ho lived through the global drama of the Second World War.
Beautifully written!  I felt that I knew each character intimately.  get ready for heavy sadness as the book comes to the last chapter!
Wonderful characters and just the right mix of history, adventure and relationships.  Captivating from the very first page to the last!
Beautifully written, heartbreaking reality and indescribably perfect all in one. This book is a must read for anyone. Highly recommend.
This was a great book.  I kept reading it when I should have been preoccupied elsewhere.  Great story, great description, great ending.
I had just finished "All the Light We Cannot See," when this book arrive from Kristin Hannah's  marketing agent. I thought not another war novel. But this was not just any war novel. The novel is about  two sister (Vianne and Isabelle). Their mother dies when they are young and their father doesn't want them. They are pushed off to be raised by a mean, total stranger. They go their different ways. The war arrives. Isabelle  runs off to  join the resistance and Vianne  stays home while her husband goes off to war. They go thru so many  trials and so much pain. Vianne learns she can fight the war from her hometown. Their long forgotten father surfaces to prove just how much he loves Isabelle. They learn the Germans can hurt them bodily but they can't ever take their souls. After the war they reunite to see if they can find a way to forgive each other and if love is strong enough to heal all wounds. Such a heartbreaking book. You must read this book.
I have read many books by Kristin Hannah, yet this is by far my favorite. Hannah is masterful in telling the story of life in France during the German occupation of WWII. You are instantly drawn into the plight of one family who will strive to survive and eek out an existence. Each will ultimately decide to become a part of the resistance movement in their own way. I have a newfound appreciation of the sacrifice and bravery of those who endured the evil and inhumane cruelty of the Nazis. In spite of the grave danger they placed themselves in, many chose to try and stop the slaughter of the Jews and undermine the Germans. Amen to them...Kristin Hannah has given their story a powerful voice. This tale spans decades and continents in its telling. I shed many a tear while reading, yet I couldn't put the book down. While I devour books and read all the time, this is the book I keep thinking about...there are more than six million reasons why you must read it!
One of the best books I've ever read...written beau<br/><br/>One of the best books I've ever read...written beautifully..I loved it.
This is a book you will long remember.<br/>Even the evil of Nazi Germany in WW2 cannot dampen<br/>the beauty of this story.  It is almost a sacrilege to criticise<br/> The Nightingale----- as many have done because it is not<br/>true to history, and the French country and history is lacking<br/> in the eyes  of just a few readers.  There are 7,000, number 5<br/>star ratings----the most I can remember.  That speaks to the few<br/>readers who were picky.  This is fiction ! Not a history book .<br/>Hannah is a wonderful writer!  Not one single paragraph was<br/>awkward or slow or failed to move the story  along. Sophie and her sister Vianne<br/>and Vianne's children were like family by the time I read the last page.<br/>There were no parades to celebrate  the heroics of the French woman.<br/>They met their wartime responsibilities as naturally as a mother cares for a child.<br/>The suffering and the heroics of the French people, and suffering of this family,<br/>are told with the gifted pen of Kristin Hannah.
If you have never read a book that explores the French Resistance during WWII, this is a great book for that purpose.  It is an exciting story and the characters are well developed.  You are immediately drawn in to the lives of ordinary people who must endure a horrible situation.  The sisters are at once different in their approach and though they are at odds, they clearly love each other.  Every character from rich Parisiennes, village farmers, a German officer and of course those in the Resistance are developed with a desire to understand each one's struggle to survive the devastation of war and occupation.  About the only negative thing for me was the effort by the author to tidy up the ending by disclosing what happened to every character.  I have always thought leaving some things unknown works well particularly as that is exactly how it would have happened.  People just disappeared...fate unknown.  But all in all, it was a good book for sure.
It's a good read.<br/><br/>I put the book down for a couple of weeks after the first few chapters.  Vianne and Isabelle were so naive and obnoxious I wanted to slap them.  A few negative reviews reported not getting past those first chapters.Fortunately, I picked the book up and found that both characters developed, matured, and made me care about them as the plot continued.  I think the introduction of the two sisters is meant to show how the war changed them both, quickly and completely.<br/><br/>The social feminist sensibilities of this century now work their way into many novels, even historical fiction, where those sensibilities would not have existed in reality. If you want absolute historical accuracy, you probably won't be happy with this book.  It is, indeed, the reason I am only giving it four stars.  But if you want to read a well-developed story based on history and do not object to a few modern social updates, you will enjoy this.
EXCELLENT! Kristin Hannah managed to turn a depressing, hateful time period into a poignant, mesmerizing tribute to the human spirit.
I found it interesting, and somewhat surprising, in regard to the Father's changing character unfolding to the very end of his life.  The book revealed the horrible predicament in which France found itself in the early part of the Nazi invasion, and the weakness of their defenses and lack of preparation for  war.  The large presence of communism and socialist in the government led to a very divided society.<br/><br/>The author presented a very clear picture of the local life of lack of food, fear, and intimidation of local population.  The ever presence of jewish<br/>hunting and fear of the round-ups and shipment to the  concentration camps in Germany; A well as  the horrors of life in the various camps and<br/>the degradation  of work, death, medical experiment concentration camps,"Arbeiten mach Frei".<br/><br/>The work of the Underground and the Nightingale gave a good picture of the heros of French Society during World War Two.
Very compelling book loved. Loved. Loved it.  So well written and very descriptive. Felt like u where there  couldn't put it  down😀
I just finished it. There are tears running down my face.  The descriptions, the language, the storyline.  Well done Kristin Hannah.
Set in Vichy France, this book tells the story of two sisters, both vastly different in how they cope with occupied France.  The Nightingale already has a tremendous number of positives reviews, so I will keep this short.  It is well-written, takes a unique perspective,  and succeeds where "The Plum Tree" (in my opinion) fails.  One of the passages from this book says:  "Men tell stories...Woman keep silent."  She is speaking to those silent heroic woman whose stories may not be from the front lines, but nonetheless are gripping, poignant, and speak to their strength and determination to survive.  It also speaks to those heroic woman who were part of the French underground movement--The Freedom Fighters.<br/><br/>I have read many books in this genre, at times believing the well is dry (for fresh material)  Clearly it is not, and there are many new perspectives from this era that remain untapped.  Highly recommend this one.
I must say, this book truly opened my eyes with regard to the extent of hardship and suffering endured by the people of France during WWII as a result of the German occupation.  I found myself wondering how I might react to the violations of person and property if placed in a similar circumstances  only to discover that anyone who hadn't experienced such a situation could never even begin to understand.  The story was heart-wrenching with respect to families being torn asunder because of their race or heritage, but I praise the author for describing the atrocities in a manner that  managed to convey the unspeakable acts of evil that occurred without attempting to be sensational or overly graphic.  The story included informative and interesting information with regard to the French Resistance previously not realized or understood by me.  As a faithful reader of historical novels, I can find nothing negative to report about this book.
I must be missing something - so many 5 star ratings, yet I could not get into the story - gave up about 100 pages in to the book.
Excellent writing that kept me from putting this book down.  Story from a completely different perspective from the war. Loved it.
This is a good novel that keeps you interested.  But. It reads like a romance novel.  Did not quite live up to its raving reviews!
If only the younger generation would read this and understand the true sacrifices that have been made for us. We have it so good!
The Nightingale<br/><br/>I had considered myself an amateur student of World War II, given the fact that 1.,  I was raised by “The Greatest Generation,” (yes, I’m a Boomer)… 2.,  my father was a WWII photo-reconnaissance pilot who flew in the Pacific Theater and 3., items 1. and 2., made me predisposed to try to understand what made these people who they were and how I was lucky enough to have been their offspring.<br/><br/>After reading “The Nightingale,” I realized how little “unedited” history has been able to be convey to the world, as to what “World War” actually meant to the everyday lives of the unwitting people thrown into the maelstrom known as war.<br/><br/>Caution:  The stories in this book are continuing to be told in tribes, hamlets, villages, towns and cities.  We ignore these stories and lessons learn therein at our own peril… Nazis have not really been defeated, they have only changed their name…
This was my first Kristin Hannah book and I was very delighted with my purchase! I was hooked from the beginning until the end. While some things were predictable and sometimes unrealistic, I didn't care. Hannah does a great job keeping you on a roller coaster of emotions and I truly fell in love with Isabelle almost immediately and that love lasted until the very last page.<br/><br/>For those people complaining about the book being unrealistic, get over it! I'm reading this fiction novel to escape for a little while when I'm on my Kindle. Just enjoy the journey and the great writing! The only thing that irked me a little about the author is that she would often describe certain things with the same adjectives multiple times throughout the book. For example, she uses "copse of trees" and other set phrases a little too often. Of course this is nitpicking though. I truly enjoyed the book from beginning to end!
This novel illustrates the terrible pain of war and the resilience  of the human spirit.  Another winner for for Kristin Hannah!
Wow! Could hardly put it down. I had no idea that French woman and children suffered so much during WWII. Loved the writing too.
What a wonderful story about a family's survival during the German Occupation of France during WWII. A father and his two daughters take different actions to follow their own conscious to survive the Nazi regime. Each must endure their own private tourture. One a teacher with a daughter  in the Parisian countryside, they must survive while her husband is conscripted to the French Army. She must put up with  a Nazi officer bilited in her home. Her father has a bookstore in Paris that has been purged of "inappropriate reading materials." See how he and his second daughter become entangled in the French Resistence. You'll enjoy the intriguing way each character uses their strengths to help those around them. I throughly enjoyed reading this book. The author did a wonderful job of painting a true picture of the time period. If you enjoyed reading the book "All The Light You Cannot See" ,this is a must read for you.
Sensationally written book. The first I have read by this author. The character development is engaging and the emotional depth to which the author brings the reader is both heart- wrenching and sincere. The historical content of the novel is brilliantly combined with an emotional story and is an absolute must read. Not only for those interested in history and the horrors of WWII, but also to anyone who simply wants an enjoyable book. One that is almost impossible to put down.<br/>Although the book graphically depicts the human aspect of WWII, the Nazi occupation of France and the devastating impact to not only the Jewish citizens of France, but also to the overall French population, I feel many teenagers would also benefit from the lessons that of War and history that this book so cleverly interweaves with a truly remarkable, emotional story. Well done Kristin Hannah.  Can't wait to read more of your books.
This was such a great book. I have lately been interested in WWII books, which is how I came across the title of this book. I had to wait 2 weeks before it was available at my library because so many people had holds on it! The writing is spectacular; once starting this book, you (the reader) become immersed in that life and feel that you are also experiencing the cold winters and lack of food. Kristin Hannah truly gave a voice to the women who were left to deal with the ramifications of the war in France. I think so many books focus on the soldiers, the American wives' contributions, and of course the atrocity of the Jews--as they rightly should, but the European women had not had their story told. The author gives these women a voice now. Read this book! Once you start, you won't put it down until you have finished the last page. A very haunting book that will stay with you long after you finish reading it.
What a great writing job.  Well done Kristin!  I could not put this book down.  Great research must have gone into this story line of the Nazis and how the French were taken over.  It was  a page turner and evoked great emotion.  I was crying at the end.  The realty of the whole Holocaust is simply so tragic.  The characters are developed well and it feels like you are right there with them.  What the feelings are that they go through as they deal with the horrors of WWII and the Nazis totally put the reader in touch with a glimpse of the realty that took place.  I always shy away from  Holocaust stories, probably because it's hard to fathom that people actually went through it - I can't imagine if it was me.This is such a well written book - you will come away still thinking about it. I have a better perspective because of reading this book.  I totally respect the Jewish heritage for what they have endured.
Do not mistake my four stars for saying this is not a fantastic book. It certainly is based solely on the writing skill of the author. For me, it was just a shade soap-opera(y). Granted, this is not my normal sort of read, but the Ford Book Club offered it and I decided to give it a try.<br/><br/>The story is set in WW2 and deals with two very different sisters who each have their own issues. A bit of intrique, adventure, and romance swirl about the story, and the greatest aspect of this tale is seeing how unfolding events cause the sisters to adjust and change instead of remaining static.<br/><br/>There is an interesting history hook here involving the French Underground, but for me, this was still a romance novel. I have nothing against the genre, it is simply not my cup of tea, but if this book was good enough to keep me wanting to find out what happenes, that says a lot for the author and her skill.
It's been several months since I read Nightingale. However the strong characterization and plot is still fresh. There are two protagonist, a lovely young French girl persuaded to help the French underground by acting a courier of coded messages hidden in the loaf of bread she picked up daily at the local bakery and delivered them to a secretive co-tenet of the building where she lived, which he would broadcast from the rooftop antenna. The other protagonist is a young German officer in charge of the soldiers stationed nearby, who gradually fell in love with he girl, just from a distance and limited contact with her. It's a good story of the German occupation in small villages, the various responses of villagers coping with the strain of occupation, the bravery of the girl, and also that of the clandestine radio operator and the transformation of the officer from strict commander into emerging humanity.
I really enjoyed this book!<br/>  The characters were well-developed and realistically portrayed.  With the background of World War II, the author was able to successfully show how different people reacted to the evil invasion of the Nazis into France which created many problems, and the author did an excellent job showing how different characters accepted or fought the invading Germans.  Two sisters are divided having strong differences on what to do.<br/>  I enjoyed the author's writing style.  She just told the exciting story without long, distracting sentences. I will definitely look for other books by this author.  I am also glad that I have never lived in circumstance as having to survive an invading enemy.<br/>  I definitely recommend this book.  It is hard to put down once started.  But mostly it is a reminder of how many people make sacrifices for freedom.
This story is well told.  Two sisters depict their experiences during the war.  It was very interesting to learn how much the French Resistance gave to the WWII conflict. There were many heroes and heroines who gave so much and contributed so much. Families were brought together and torn apart and often paid the ultimate sacrifice.  The bonds between the two sister with each other and their dad is very heart wrenching.  The story unfolds with twists and turns which lead to an interesting conclusion.  The characters are well described and well developed. We get a look at the personal sacrifices these people paid and how each country paid the price during an experience we hope to never see again. I like the development of the female characters.  Both sisters showing how different we can be while at the same time being the same in our loves for each other and our families.
.... What a phenomenal read this was ! If I could rate this higher than 5 it definitely would deserve it. A holocaust story set in German occupied France, and based on the real character Juliette Gervaise aka The Nightingale . Filled with such heroism and resolve, she led downed Allied soldiers to freedom across the Pyrenees mountains with the help of her small group of fellow resistors. All the while living amongst the German SS  and in constant danger of execution . The Story also follows her sister Vianne, father, and loved ones who each find their own ways of coping and surviving in the war torn reality of their lives. .It is  a story with much pain and suffering , but also great love , hope, perseverance, and resilience. Such a emotionally powerful story that brought me to tears as I neared the end. It's one of my all time favorite books and I highly recommend it !
This was a fabulous easy read from the start. Can't wait for it to be made into a movie. Revived my love for books again.
"The Nightingale" by Kristin Hannah has a historical plot that brings this portion of history alive – seen through different eyes. It is gripping as a historical novel but fictionalized to bring the true characters to life behind the story.  Kristin Hannah’s own explanation for why she wrote the book is one of the reasons I read it and why I would now recommend it to you.  She is right when she says stories of war usually feature men; the stories of women in war are often overlooked.  In this novel she dramatizes the extraordinary cost of war to women and children, as well as men. Since this is a World War II novel, she also captures the horror of the Nazi round-up and extermination of Jews.  But through this terrible suffering, in her inimitable style, Hannah also weaves in a story of redemption, of love, of reconciliation and of hope for broken families.
I found this novel compelling in its viewpoint, voice, time period, location. I have read several novels about WWII and specifically about the Nazis and the Jewish Holocaust, but not from the perspective of a small French town taken over by the Germans as a local base of operations, in which Nightingale is located. The two main characters of non Jewish sisters, fiercely patriotic and loyal to France, gives this novel an additional layer of plot in the history and experiences each sister experienced and the similarities and differences between them. In addition, we read of their individual response to their town being occupied by German Nazis. Other supporting characters, fleshed out and compelling, give a full snapshot of how a small French town adapted to being quickly invaded and completely taken over by the Nazis, with no resistance by the French whatsoever.
The Nightingale provided a real look into WWII France.  As an American, who has not experience war with long term sacrifice, I found myself constantly asking myself "What would I have done".  It is easy to be judgmental when you are removed from the situation; much different when you are living it.  The ugliness of war and its consequences of deprivation make the reader wish that there could be no war.  The complicity of the French is perpetuating the Holocaust was sad  to recognize.<br/>People's own desire for survival makes them do horrible things.  However, Isabelle, Vianne, and their father surprise us with their different levels of commitment to stop the Nazis.  Although the girls' father cannot atone for abandoning his daughters, he makes the ultimate sacrifice.<br/><br/>An incredible read which forces the reader to look into himself/herself.
I did not find it interesting.  It did not start out peaking my interest.  So I lost interest. I did not finish the book
This book just popped up in my suggested reading, and I am so glad I bought it. I love the Whispersync option but with this book, I'd get home from work and switch the reading on the Kindle - so I paid for the Whispersync but since I couldn't put the book down, I probably only listened to about half of it!<br/><br/>Somehow I had the sense of being in the story with the author's writing, and with the way she described the people who surrounded the characters as they moved throughout the story. I learned a lot as well, having not really had a good vision of life in occupied France, and how truly awful it was for those who had to live through it, even the non-Jewish population, but especially the Jewish people.<br/><br/>This was one of those books whose end I was very sorry to find I had reached - although I was anxious to see how it all turned out as well!
There were parts of this book that I loved.  But I find that I agree with aspects of the some of the negative reviews -- and aspects of some of the 5-star reviews.  I haven't read much historical fiction during this time period, so I don't have a lot of comparison.  The book did help me understand the difficulty that people lived through in occupied France.  And I realize I can't fully understand how a romance can develop during a time of war since I haven't lived through one -- but the romance aspect seemed very unlikely and unbelievable.  A good writer helps me understand why characters make the choices they do.  I understood better the choices of the older sister than the choices of the impetuous younger one. Maybe it's because I'm a mother.  As others have mentioned: read "All the Light we cannot see" before this one.  A much better written book.
This is  a page turner with a  tragic frame  of  reference.  I was  amazed at the  moving  description of character . I  also learned a lot about the Nazi take over  of  France. The  cruel attitude of the officers  made  worse as the war  continued was horrible to read about  but  believable..<br/> The basic story  of two sisters  who loved each other  but so envied the attention  the other  got  that  when the  war  made  their  adult  life harsh again,  early  distrust of each other became  prominent again. Lack of  a mother  and a withdrawn  harsh father,  formed the complicated  defense that  each carried.<br/>The ending satisfied me because  the aging resolution of all distrust of intimacy is brought on by  another climatic harsh stress for one of the sisters but  is resolved by an enduring  love of an offspring who was conceived during  the  war.
"The Nightingale" is an excellent story that takes us through two sister's lives beginning at the start of WWII. I will admit to being moved more than I let on to my wife, who also thoroughly enjoyed this story.<br/><br/>No spoilers from me: The plot follow Isabelle and Viann as they try to survive in Nazi occupied France. The author does an excellent job of bringing Paris to life and making you care about the people and events portrayed. The history feels accurate, which is important, and the attitudes of the characters also seem to be correct for the time. This is not a throwaway story that you will forget anytime soon after reading.<br/><br/>We have the Audiobook CD and, for the most part, enjoyed the narration but did occasionally find the "voice acting" to be distracting to the story line.<br/><br/>Recommended!<br/><br/>CFH
It was riveting.  One wonders how anyone survived such privations and horrors in WW11.  I finished it at one in the am!
I chose this book due to the excellent reviews it had received.  I was not disappointed.  It wasn't until the final chapters for me, the page turner some other books have been but it was close.  And maybe it wasn't a page turner because my own grandparents were able to escape to America and avoid the wrath the characters endured in this book or maybe it was because of the emotions the characters and the situations stirred in me - characters so well drawn and situations so well described I felt myself in their shoes and circumstances and could not imagine surviving even one of the little events of suffering.  But, isn't that what makes a really good read?  I think so.  I've read plenty of books, halfway through and ceased, because no emotions were stirred.  I'd highly recommend this book and will be selecting other books to read from Kristin Hannah.
This literary work by Kristin Hannah is beautifully written and deeply moving.  Much has been written in its thousands of reviews describing the book's historical significance, fascinating characters, action-packed plot and various themes.  My only contribution is rather personal.  Several years ago while visiting Paris I had the pleasure of getting to know an elderly French woman who had lived in the sixteenth arrondissement for most of her life.  In her bedroom she kept a little American flag that she waved on the day that Paris was liberated by the Allies.  Even after 60+ years she remained grateful.  This book pays tribute to the brave men and women of France who resisted the evils of Nazi occupation and tyranny and provided hope for future generations.  None of us should forget such heroes.  Thanks to Kristin Hannah for this beautiful book.
A strong and direct rendering of the story that must be told forever; done with passion, love and clear understanding.
I didn't really like it at first. The storyline was certainly interesting, as (in my opinion) most historical fiction novels about WWII are. But the characters bothered me. They came across as fairly one-dimensional and the relationships didn't seem all that developed.<br/><br/>By the end, I was not thinking that at all. And while the characters may have been one-dimensional in the beginning, people can be one-dimensional also. And they all changed and grew, as did the relationships between them, throughout the experiences they endured during the war.<br/><br/>But moving past the characters, it is just such a beautiful story. By the end I was completely drawn in, couldn't put it down. The ending did not particularly surprise me, but it was so touching and I absolutely loved it. If you enjoy historical fiction, this is an absolute must-read.
This was a stunning, beautifully written novel about the "women's war" during World War II. Isabelle and Vianne could easily have become sterotypes - the reckless younger sister, the careful conservative older sister. But no, Kristin Hannah adds depth and complexity to both characters - and so many others throughout the book. The writing is so visually gripping that you can feel you're there in Le Jardin, on the streets of Paris, and later on the road between equally horrific labor camps. I've read many books in the WWII vein, but this one leaves a lasting impression. Even after finishing the book I retraced and found myself wondering - what would I have done? Would I have been bold? Brave? Scared? Careful? To sum up the book, one of the best quotes in the novel: "love shows us who we want to be. war shows us who we really are."
Wonderful story but sad and difficult to read. Kristin Hannah is a great writer. I have read many of her books and most involve sisters and sibling rivalry. This book was so much more. From the fear of war to being in the middle of WWII, not knowing who would help you and who would hurt you was so challenging to them. Both sisters and their father all go separate ways, but you will find that separate is not always apart. Set mostly during WWII, the horrors of war, along with deprivation of the citizens was heartbreaking to read. How do you give up your child? How do you save your child? How far will you go to help others while putting yourself and family in harm's way: these are all questions you will ask yourself as you read this book. I was in tears at times while reading. Thank you to Kristin Hannah for having the courage to write this book.
I had some trouble getting into this but once I did I couldn't put it down--for that reason I have given it 4 rather than 5 stars.  The description of France in wartime, during WW II, is gripping.  I thought the depiction of Viann, the older of the two sisters who are the main characters, particularly well done.  She was a brave woman, as was her sister, but in a quieter way.  The German officers who were billeted at the family home were well drawn, the first appeared as a genuine human being although one could bristle at his seeming acceptance of conquering another people.  The second officer was not drawn so well, i.e., I thought he had touches of a caricature, as Germans were portrayed for many years atter the war.  Saying this, his cruelty seemed "genuine", a part of his character. Sherman has never been proved wrong: war is hell.
I loved this novel and I recommend this novel to all. It is a story of the Nazis occupation of France and the strength  and the courage and the endurance of a Parisian family. Isabelle code name, Nightingale, joined the French resistance,risking her life by saving downed airmen and leading them to safety. Her sister Vianne, married and mother of Sophie was terrified of the Nazis and the SS. Her husband,Antoine, was arrested and imprisoned.She was left alone to care for Sophie. She would do anything to protect family. These two sisters survived Nazi occupation,concentration camps, deaths of their best friends and their father. They survived because of their love of family. The story is about love. It is mystery as to which sister is narrating the story as she prepares for her journey back to Paris,France for a reunion and the Crois De Guerre.
My favorite line in this book which sums up the whole book really was when the narrator's son asked her why she had never told him the story of her life and she said "men tell stories, women get on with it" . I thought how true how very very true that is. When one thinks of the tiny graves along the wagon trail west, the women who cut telegraph wires and delivered messages during the civil war, and in this story, the women who stood in lines for hours for a piece of moldy bread, or a scrap of meat, every day for years, who took risks, climbed mountains, hid in the forest, buried their children, endured rape and then "got on with it" . That's what women do, that is courage, and strength and hope and heartache and love. This is not a book about the daily life in camps during WW!! it is a story of courage and love and surviving.
Kudo's to Ms. Hannah on a job well done with The Nightingale!  Even though this was a fictional story, it was based on a horrific time in world history during Hitler's regime.  I've read several books about the Holocaust and WWII Nazi Germany, but none that have taken place in France and the part that the French played in saving Allied forces.  The suffering, pain and loss at times while reading this story was palpable.  It seemed just when things couldn't get any worse.....they did!  Isabelle and Vianne, Anouk and Michelaine, these women are all truly heroes.  I can't imagine trying to keep my children safe and worry about where the next scrap of food was coming from while helping to smuggle children out of Occupied France the whole time a German Officer is living right under your roof!  This book is a page turner that I didn't want to end.
This is one of those books that remains with you long after you turn the last page, and so it should. I had previously not given as much thought to the impact of the Nazi invasion on France, though it stands to reason that wherever there were Jews - not only in Germany but throughout Europe - they were tracked down, imprisoned and killed with the goal of extinguishing the entire population.<br/><br/>In addition to the heartbeaking reminder of how Jewish people were hunted down and so horribly disposed of, it was also painful to read about how the rest of the people in France suffered at the hands of Nazi soldiers during Hitler's rule. Though this certainly wasn't a "fun read," it was well-written, insightful and I believe the central plot was, unfortunately, aligned with historical facts, which all served to make it a great read.
I'm totally and thoroughly war ravaged! What an incredible well written novel by Kristin Hannah.<br/><br/>The atrocities of war as experienced by two sisters who chose different paths to endure the horrific life that war brought to their doorstep in France. A war waged by Hitler and millions of innocents suffered including those who fought under the German flag. Some who didn't agree with what was being done yet they were ordered to hurt others in the process and others who thrived on it.<br/><br/>How anyone can say these things did not happen is beyond me. Yes, this is a fictional story but there are so many truths weaved in it's tale.<br/><br/>If you loved The Bronze Horseman you will love this one as well although this is not as romance based as The Bronze Horseman but rather a tale of survival, love and triumph. Kleenex required.
This book is epic!  I seldom give a book 5 stars, but this one has earned it, BIG TIME!  It is so well written, the characters so well developed and the subject matter bittersweet...such heartache, yet the human spirit prevails.  I have read several of Kristin Hannah's books and found them all enjoyable, but this one exceeds them all.  I admit I have a special interest in/love for WWII historical fiction, but anyone would enjoy this book.  It is timeless, inspiring.  I listened to this on CD and the reader, Polly Stone, did an excellent job.  I often find when listening to a book that I can be easily distracted and before I know it, not even know what is going on in the story.  This wasn't the case with The Nightingale.  It held my interest from the beginning to the end.  I will long remember this book and treasure it as something special.
The setting is France during WWII, seemingly a popular time and place in which to set novels.<br/>Two sisters are crippled emotionally by a father, who after surviving WWI, comes home a different man. When his wife dies, he abandons the girls and leaves them virtually on their own. The older sister, Viviane marries and has a daughter. she lives in the family home in Carriveau. The younger sister, Isabelle bounces from boarding school to boarding school unwanted by her father and her sister.<br/>Along comes the war and life changes for everyone. Both sisters in the five years of war will deal with life and the horrors of war around them. Each will make decisions for better or worse.<br/>Emotionally charged, hard to read at times but even harder put down, this book reminds me of Sarah's Key and the more recent All the Light We Cannot See.
I just finished The Nightingale. I loved the book, it was full of interesting Characters. I thought the women in the book were well portrayed and the story was extremely interesting. I had no idea that the French people were treated so badly by the Germans in the 2nd world war, I never realised it was the whole population that were interned or executed, I understood the major abuses were to Jewish people, we learn something every day. Even though the novel covered very distressing situations it was not a miserable or depressing book. There were so many situations in the book that were up lifting just because they embraced the human spirit and the love and compassion people can feel towards each other and how we can all find strength to get on with living and caring under the most dreadful cirmumstances. It was a great story and I loved the characters and their strength.
Amazing story, it had me researching WWII and thinking what would I do???  Very well written, had me crying at times.
The Nightingale was a marvelously written book.  I did find it depressing at times but it is set in an era of history that should never be whitewashed.  It shows the evil that human beings are capable of when given the opportunity.  It also shows the humanity of some of the people who are perceived to be evil because of the group.  It portrays the courage humans can display in vastly different ways when faced with adversity.  It tells a story of the bond of family and how it can be tested and doubted and even in the most dire of circumstances can keep people alive and strong.  I will read this book again in the future and highly recommend the read.  IT makes me thankful to be born in a different time and thoughtful as to the current state of the world.  IT serves as a reminder of the atrocities the humans in the world are capable of.
This is very good historical fiction.  It is well written and the characters are compelling. The story however, is hard to read.  That is why I gave this excellent book only four stars.  The challenges of living with the German occupation of France during WWII were unbelievable.  I found myself wondering if I would have had the courage to join the Resistance and defend my country by putting my own life and the life of the people I love in eminent danger.  It seems like trying to keep your head down would have been pretty next to impossible, so what choice did ordinary citizen's have if they weren't willing to collaborate.  What a terrible time in history.  The sacrifices that generation made to stand up to Nazi tyranny amazes me.  Kristin Hannah does an excellent job of letting the reader in on the immense challenges of those times.
WOW!<br/><br/>A friend loaned me this book and I put it on my shelf.  I read a lot of Indie authors, romance, smut if you will. So, I wasn't sure if I'd be able to get "into" this story.  Also, I won't lie: The Nightingale's impressive 440 pages intimidated me.<br/><br/>I started slowly.  Reading for an hour here, an hour there.  I just didn't really get into quickly.  However, around the halfway mark, I did not want to put this book down.  I was so lost in the story.  The women that made the story...  WOW!!<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book so much!!  Such a heart wrenching, beautiful story of strength, courage, heartache - an emotional rollercoaster!!!<br/><br/>The time the author must have put into research is astounding. I LOVED this book!  I will recommend it to EVERYONE I know.  Thank you, Ms. Hannah.
This story is about two very different sisters, Vianne and Isabelle, living in France during World War II and how they deal with the challenges of Nazi occupation and the tragedies associated with that time.  When you first meet the sisters you assume that one is an impulsive whiner who resents her mother for dying and her father and sister for abandoning her.  Her sibling appears to be better adjusted with a husband and the beginnings of a family but also feels that she has badly failed in several areas of her life..  Their complex relationship and how they view the world is sorely tested but each rises to find a meaningful response to the horrors of war.  A surprise but satisfying ending and the maturing of these two main characters and their riveting adventures make this novel one of the best I have read this year.
Wonderful and tragic story. Kept me on the edge of my seat until the last page!<br/><br/>The Nightingale is like Sarah's Key, in many respects, as both books are griping and truthful glimpses into the atrocities of WWII. Yes, the author might have used a little creative license, but all in all the majority of events she wrote about did actually happen. Her list of qualified experts who contributed to the book proves this, although enough facts have been passed down through the ages to prove them as well.<br/><br/>[Spoiler Alert] The POV in the 1995 story threw me for a loop as I was totally convinced it was another character. How surprised I was, and in fact actually gasped! That says a lot for good writing, I must say. This is the fourth Kristin Hannah novel I've read and I look forward to reading many<br/>more.
But the writing is flat and without any nuance. It could have been so much better in the hands of a better writer!
Beautiful, heartbreaking, tragic & hopeful. I knew from the first few pages I was going to love this book. The writing was perfection. Each paragraph made me feel like I was right there with these characters. Characters that I grew to love, admire and hope nothing but the best for. To get a first-hand glimpse into what these women went through was at times very hard to read but incredibly humbling. What they both endured not only for the ones they loved but their Country showed courage and strength. I can't say enough about this book without giving too much away and in my opinion, it's best to experience this story on your own. It will break your heart but hopefully like me, you'll be glad you read this story of two amazing women who were silent warriors, like so many in WW II, that need to be remembered. 5 Stars!
I had never read Kristin Hannah, but given the reviews, both in quality and quantity, I did, and am glad I did. I found her characters to be deep, and truthful. I could identify with them, they were good people, conflicted, but trying to do the best with bad situations. She did not sugar-coat her characters, nor did she make them impossible. They were real people, and I cared about them. She goes into depth regarding relationships between her main characters, and you come to understand more deeply why they respond the way they do, and how 2 different people can interpret the same event differently...and how that affects them as they go about living. I really liked her subjects, and how she developed them, I will be reading more of her work, and have already downloaded several of her other works. A very solid read.
This is an exceptionally fine novel about life in Nazi occupied France during WWII. Hannah focuses on the contrasting personalities and lives of two sisters. One woman remains in her rural village and tries to maintain a stable life for her children after  their father has left to fight for France. The other rushes with passion to join the resistance movement. I was quickly drawn into both worlds and the struggles of each woman and her friends, family and enemies in each of their stories. This novel is beautifully written with a sometimes aching honesty in describing the complex nuances of relationships. Prepare to be touched by these intertwining stories. Books seldom bring me to tear; this one did. I have been a Hannah fan for many years. I think this is her best novel since the haunting "Winter Garden."
"...Love has to be stronger than hate, or there is no future for us."<br/><br/>The Nightingale is a tale of two strong, resilient women and their contributions to World War II in France. It is honest, and as such, was difficult to read at times. However, history is important, and our reading about these difficult experiences is nothing compared to their living them. We need to remember, and we need to recognize the efforts of all those who sacrificed and took risks to contribute to the war and to help others. The Nightingale is unique in that it looks at the efforts of 2 women and allows us to experience a snippet of their lives during the war. From family life and relationships to internal battles and outside risks, Kristin Hannah has written a tough but important historical tale in The Nightingale.
This my own review in addition to my comment already online.<br/><br/>I actually like this book, not for its main story (just a romance for the ladies) but for the sections dealing with the elderly female protagonist leaving her house after some 50 years. I can 'relate' to her although I do not have any children, especially well to do children, who are willing and capable to support me in some kind of 'assisted living' facility.<br/><br/>The author seems to know what she is writing about - perhaps from her own personal experience with her aging parents.<br/><br/>So, to be specific, I can strongly recommend this book to ladies over 75 years of age, preferably those who also like 'romances'.<br/><br/>I do NOT like romances but I feel that the author knows what she is writing about.<br/><br/>Four stars.
As a voracious reader, in all honesty, I rarely leave book reviews.  After this book I felt the need to shout it from the rooftop!!  This book continually popped up in my recommendations and I am not very into historical fiction, however, seeing the constant five star reviews I decided to give it a shot.  This is not a book solely about history.  It is a work of fiction but based on true events in history.  This book is about love, heroism, loyalty, compassion, friendship, family and above all trust.  As many books as I have read, and there are many, I have indeed shed a tear or two and been left touched.  This however, left me speechless.  So many times did I not only cry but sobbed to the point that I had to clean up to finish a page.  Truly soul touching.  But beware, this may ruin all expectations in your next book choice.
After reading its reviews, I bought this book as a gift. Two weeks later I bought it for myself. I cannot remember a book that I liked as much. I read it in two days, it was truly impossible to put it down. The description of the life led by the French population under the German invasion is horrifying. The main characters in the book, the Mauriac sisters, are terrific, and you wonder how many extraordinary heroics were demanded of women during those terrible years, while their husbands were fighting away from home. When I read Ken Follett's the Winter of the World two years ago I was horrified at the cruelty of the German and Russian soldiers in World War II but the conduct of the German occupiers in the town described in the Nightingale defies description. It will take many generations to erase that memory. However, the book is superb, not to be missed by any means.
This was our book club choice for August and usually I am excited to read anything about WWII, particularly if the author offers a new perspective through which to learn about this epic war. I very rarely don't finish books but honestly, the writing in this book is amateurish and the characters just don't ring true. I also do not understand all of the hype about this book. It reminds me of a book that I would find in the romance novel section of a bookstore or library. I just don't care about the characters and the plot feels extremely predictable: I won't know if I am right about this as I chose to finally throw in the towel after 120 pages. Again, this is a highly unusual move for me but I cannot spend any more time on this novel.
So very pleased to have discovered this treasure. I missed its arrival on the literary scene, and discovered it on Amazon. The characters have stayed with me, despite finishing it several days ago. Each one is finely drawn, and its description of that terrible time in the life of a French family during the Nazi occupation was so detailed, as to literally feel as though you were there, behind the scenes. The sisters, so very different, yet so alike in their ability to weather the war was a carefully crafted insight.<br/>The author gave it an ending that was satisfying and made so much sense. While the 2 ladies dominated the novel, the  masculine figures were finely etched as well.<br/>The narrative and the action blended seamlessly. The lesson that family is everything came through loud and clear.<br/>.
I would read this book a hundred times and not get tired of it. If only I were better at writing book reviews...
I really enjoyed the story. It was all I did was read this book till I was finished.<br/> Mary Lou<br/><br/>.
I loved the book I felt I was right there with the characters.  I also learned things I did not know about WWll.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book because the story was about ordinary women who became extraordinary due to circumstances they were forced into. I like books that are fictional based on history and this book took place primarily during the Nazi occupation of France. It seemed fairly accurate based on the little I know about WWII, but also introduced the more personal aspects of what life was like for those who were just trying to survive the occupation. It is well written, and I liked the pace. As a mother, I could relate to what Vianne was going through to protect her children. I had a harder time relating to Isabelle's impetuousness, but her character makes a good contrast to that of her sister, Vianne. All in all, it's a good read and keeps you wanting to read on until the very end to see what happens.
A well written piece of historical fiction that provides an accurate basis for the feelings and sufferings of the the French people as they endured the Nazi occupation of WWII.  The details were wonderfully developed and reflected the stories of two of my neighbors.  One was a downed airman who evaded via the Pyrenees route and the other a member of the French Resistance who with her mother harbored downed airmen before they evaded capture via the Nightingale Route.  My neighbors worked with the Burgundy Route.<br/><br/>In addition to the historical accuracy, the book presents the personal side of love, both spousal and familial, during the stress of war.  Its is weel written and great read for anyone with an eye for historical fiction.  I felt as if I were there with the families and their struggles.
I am so glad I save my 5 stars for the books that I truly feel deserve it. The Nightingale, by Kristin Hannah, deserves 10 stars, and I wish I could give it that. I won't go into detail about the book, and I don't understand why others feel the need to say what the story is about. It has already been explained. I will say that The Nightingale is probably the best book I'll read all year, and I read a lot of books. It has a story that pulls at your heartstrings while giving you an important history lesson. The writing of Kristin Hannah is amazing. She seems to get better and better with each book she writes, and I have read all her books. If you haven't read this wonderful book, do yourself a favor and read it and enjoy it and let it stay in your memory. It has a lesson in it that we must never forget.
I keep promising myself--no more holocaust books and here comes another one!!  Of course it is important to read about it and Kirstin Hannah makes it so descriptive and real.  She goes from the holocaust to modern times with ease and pleasant reading with a most difficult subject.  As a reader, you can't wait to find out what is going to happen next.  I am awed by the incredible sacrifices that people made during the war.  It is a visit into beautiful rural France during an incredible challenge.  Men were gone, women were challenged and, as a reader, you get to feel what they were going through.  They were so brave, creative and resourceful.  I enjoyed the book, but especially the ending where the reader finishes the "puzzle" of the narrarator exposing family secrets.  It was a great read!!!
I really got into this story and enjoyed it very much. Kristen made the two sisters,' Isabelle and Vianne's characters come alive and feel the emotion and heartache of a war that took so much from them and their lives, and from the lives of their friends and family. The plot was so believable and real that I wondered about the possibility of a real 'Nightingale' during the war, a heroine honored for her bravery and sacrifice, but did not see information that proved that true. However, the other sister, Vianne also showed great strength of character and determination in what she had to give up at great cost. Because I love history and have done so much personal research on the Jewish Holocaust and stories related to World War II I found this an exceptional, well written story and highly recommend it.
My daughter gave me this book thinking I might like it.  At first I started laughing, I could imagine myself back in school where you are taught how to eat "like a proper lady" although I am not sure we would have ever been given the task of peeling an orange.  Then memories that could have been left were they were of the war.  The lack of food and what my mother and brother endured, I was too young to remember the very beginning of the war, but the black bread, making meals out of whatever was "available" that I wanted to put the book down and try to forget what was painfully brought back to the surface.  It is a book and while it may not have all the accurate descriptions of the 1940s, it is mostly correct.  I do drink coffee when I go to France.  In a way bravo to Kristin Hannah.
A very good read despite the few, occasional, rather unbelievable actions of one of the heroines. I enjoyed it.
The Nightingale was a surprise book for me. On a whim, I downloaded it to my Kindle. From the first chapter I was pulled into the story and became such a fan of each of the characters I slowed down my pace so that I wouldn't finish it so quickly. I loved this book! The heroes, the innocents, the children, even the enemy was so well-written I felt tense when he appeared on the page.<br/><br/>The story is set in WWII and most of us know that history well enough. However, Kristin Hannah leads us into the backstories that makes the reader feel they are there, literally. I cried, I rejoiced --- I highly recommend this novel.<br/><br/>Thank you, Kristin Hannah, for helping us remember that time and that place and some of the most courageous people who ever lived.<br/><br/>Joyce Norman<br/>Author
This book will stay with me forever. Unforgettable. Devastatingly, achingly beautiful. There's no words I can say to do it justice. The Book Thief and Outlander combined kind of impact! So packed with emotions and stories and intricately woven lives of so many people, from Vianne, Antoine, Isabel, Gaetan, Julien's, Anouk, Rachel, Sophie, Sarah, Daniel and so many more, all memorable, that it can be at least 10 books in itself. I became so emotionally invested in it at just 8% into the book that it hurt. It hurt to read on but I had no choice.<br/>The pain, the loss, the horrors of war, but above all, the love, fiercely passionate yet gentle, all captured on the pages so real, so deep and unforgettable.<br/>I am so grateful to the author. Thank you for creating such a precious literary treasure.
Warning: I may sound like a downer here.<br/><br/>I see how many five-star reviews this one has gotten, but I honestly didn't know if I'd find redemption in this story until 95% of the way through it. It was a gripping, well written portrayal of an atrocious time in our history. I understand that there's no other way to tell a story like this than to depict such pain--I really do get that. But for me, the trials just came relentlessly to the point that it was too laborious a story to get through (this, coming from a girl who reads for fun, not torture). It was just a really hard read, and I was left feeling kind of punched in the gut at the end, even though I wouldn't really say it ended on a bad note. I'm not sure I would've pushed through it if it hadn't been this month's read for book club.
A brilliant and piercingly moving story of sisters divided by family tragedy, and secrets; while held together by their need to protect their loved ones. Nazi occupied France during World War II is the setting for this exquisitely crafted novel describing the sacrifices one makes to save a child, a family, or a country.  The courage to protect Jewish friends and children; to secretly hide and move downed  British and American airmen through the dangerous countryside and over the challenging Pyrenees mountains to safety in Spain, is nothing too extreme for these women?<br/>Beyond learning survive the crushing starvation, deprivation, and degradation forced upon them by the Nazis ...these women are about to discover that beauty, resistance, and love each have their price, ....and their rewards.
If you are looking for a wonderful, relaxing read, the  wonderful Nightingale is not it. But, if you hate Nazis and their horrible history of inhuman behavior, reading this non-fiction but extremely compelling  book  will leave you in a state of shock . it is  a reading experience you will not forget, for for quite a while.... the impact of the events  and the  writing is that awesome.<br/>The Nightingale is quite hard to handle and hard to take....but, once you get going, you just can not put it down. The characters are vividly alive, and, the story is truly amazing. the heroic performance by some of the conquered and  occupied French was extremely brave... but the outrageous behavior of  plenty other french folks might change your plans to visit Paris, France when it  drizzles  or sizzles.
This was my first World War 11 novel and it really opened my eyes and expanded my knowledge of the horrors that took place. Although it is a fictional story the premise is based on real life events. In other reviews people noted there were mistakes and some of the things taking place were not realistic of woman in France during this time. I personally did not pick up on all that so was not bothered by any of that.  I enjoyed this book but It was intense and dark and heavy so I think you need to be in the mood or prepared. I read half of it and put it down for a little while. Then got stuck on a plane with no TV's and picked it up again and finished it off pretty quickly.<br/>All in all I would read this,. I am a Kristin Hannah fan but this is definitely very different then her other books.
I loved the FICTION story portion and really absorbed the history of the Nazi's occupying France.  It is true that everyone thought the French government would fight back and they didn't.  I have read the negative reviews about the characters being like a Hollywood movie or such.  That probably is true, but I just watched the Roosevelt's on PBS and Eleanor certainly did drive a car and was off on a month long trip with her lady friend.  I truly enjoyed the history of the war in France and how the people had to deal with the occupation.  I too wondered about the "coffee" served to men in France.  Nevertheless, it is fiction and I found great courage in each sister in their own way.  I checked out the book from public library, but if I was into buying books, I would purchase this one.
As with Winter Garden (one of my very favorite books), Kristin Hannah has again delivered a perfectly pitched story of a family during WWII with two very different sisters, each of whom struggles to find her role--in the war and in the family.  Character development is so complete that I immediately forget Vianne and Juliette only inhabit the pages of a book. The recounting of their lives, each aspect of their lives-- terrible fears, frustrations, wartime deprivations and hardships--unfolds so seamlessly, effortlessly, that it can be no less than "real."  Kristin Hannah's writing is consistently of high-caliber, producing works where I'm able to lose myself, caught up in the worlds her words construct, as I hurry to discover what lies on the next page or in the next chapter.
I loved this book.  I read it in one day and intend to read it again very soon.  It gave me a new respect for  the French people and their<br/>attempts to thwart the German regime.  I would recommend this book highly.  It was one of the best books I have ever read, and at aged 77 I am a voracious reader and have been as long as I can remember.  For anyone interested in the history of World War II, there is a black and white movie called THE TRAIN.  It stars Burt Lancaster as a resistance fighter who saves some valuable paintings that the Germans are trying to take to Germany.  Do get this book and I believe it will be one that you will read several times.  Can't say enough good things about this book.  It was recommended to me by my sister who recently spent 12 days in France.
France during its occupation is historically well done and characters are vividly and  accurately portrayed.
I have read other historical fiction books by Kristin Hannah and felt the history was really just an add on to a really good story, but with "The Nightingale" the history was the story with a very personal touch.  Having an avid interest in World War II and especially the Holocaust, I knew very little about France and was greatly intrigued by the resistance and The Nightingale's role in the war.  She was truly a fighter, in that she helped so many downed airmen (both Brits and Americans) to freedom.  Her fortitude and stamina amazed me.  And as always I think about what I would have done had I lived in that time and place.  One of the best stories and told from the perspective of those on the "outside" helping people survive the war as well as the death camps.
I have always loved Kristin Hannah, but this book is her best.  Her characters are extremely well developed and the reader can get a real feel of the internal struggles the two sisters are going through.  The author did her research - it was horrifying to realize what many French families went through during the German occupation of World War II.  The book also makes the reader aware of the bravery of some of the French women.  Besides it being extremely well written, the highest compliment I can give the book is how disappointed I was when I got to the end.  I immediately wanted to go right back and read the book all over again.  Since I finished it, I have been looking for another book to read and am having a problem finding one that will be on the same level of excellence.
Based on real events, inspired by real, heroic women during WWII. So well-written that it had my undivided attention and was unaware of other things going on around me. And I've never said that about a book!  Usually, I read for a bit and go about other things but this one... I read over 400 pages in 1-day!  I simply could not put it down! And when I did finish, I was compelled to research heroic women during WWII and read where Kristin Hannah's inspiration may have came from...and it gave me chills! Incredible courage! This book gives a whole new perspective of ordinary women that survived by doing extraordinary things.  If you enjoy history, action, and a touch of romance, you will not be disappointed!  If you are primarily looking for romance, you may want to keep looking.
Action, intrigue, and betrayal, are only enhanced by Hannah's deft handling of the many famial and interpersonal relationship during one of humanity's darkest times.  Her description of increasing Nazi depravity during in occupied France paint a vivid picture of a time and place few of us could possibly imagine.  By the end the reader is left wondering not only how anyone could do such terrible things to fellow human beings, but also how anyone could possibly survive such horrifying times.  An excellent read.  I read this immediately after reading Alex Rosenberg's "The Girl from Krakow"  It is set during the same time, but in a different place and under different circumstances.  It has much more graphic sexual content, but still, I recommend pairing these two books.
LOVED THIS BOOK! The last name of both women means Nightingale in French. The book starts with the reminisces of an eldery lady. She wanted to forget the war and there are hints as to which sister is the elderly woman. The yougner one, the one that likes to party, changes with the war and she helps downed airmen from the US and Britain to get home to continue with the war. Her sister has a daughter, believes their president was right to surrender, ends up housing a Nazi soldier. She sees her best friend sent on a train to Auschwitz. I went back and forth as to which sister was the elderly lady. I cried many times while reading and I wept at the end. I saw a Facebook post as to what books stay with you. I may not remember the sisters' names, but the story will stay with me.
This story is going to send an arrow right through your heart.  You will love these girls, and the old woman one of them becomes. This book took me from horror at the things you never were taught about WWII in school.  You hear or read about the French resistance, but this takes you inside the resistance and has you living there.  I cried right along with the characters, worried about them, cheered them on, and longed for a reconciliation between the sisters, so very different from each other, but each courageous in her own way. Couldn't put it down, went to sleep reading and woke up, glasses still on, light still on, book clutched in my hands.  And I would start reading again. Hated that it ended, but thought the ending was particularly apt. Lovely story, lovingly told.
When selecting this book, I really had no idea what I was getting myself into.  Once I started reading the book, The Nightingale, I was unable to put it down.  I felt as though I was right there with the characters experiencing their every move.  It was so vivd and real the writing that you can actually feel the words come alive.  The emotions I felt were amazing, but the real message that was so welcoming was the strength that the two sisters revealed. Each in their own way, they were heroes that were so inspiring.  To know the pain they each felt for various reasons, and yet their will to survive was so strong and very well received by me.  I highly highly recommend this book and I want to thank and congratulate Kristin Hannah for sharing her suburb talent in writing.
Vianne Mauriac lives in the quiet village of Carriveau. Her Husband Antoine is headed to the front. She Doesn't beleive the Nazi will invade France but they do. When Frannce is over run Vianne is forced to take an enemy into her home, suddenly her very move is watched her life and her child is in constant danger without food, money, or hope she must make one terrible choice after another.<br/><br/>Isabelle is her Sister she is 18 an rebellious. When she meets Gaetan a Partisan and falls in love and he betrays her she joins the Resistance, never giving a thought to the deadly consequences.<br/>A beautifully written story about ww11 it tells the story of two sisters separated by age, and experience each traveling their own path towards love , survival and freedom.
You won't be able to put it down, nor will you forget it anytime soon.  A different perspective on WW two.
This is best book I've read in a couple years. I feel like I was there. Kristin Hannah's best......so far.
WINNER! I have read so many books, including all of Kristin Hannah's and Jodi Picoult, and the very best of women's fiction authors out right now...but this book was phenomenal. It's a great story of World War 2 and the women left behind in France during the war.  The Nazi's invade and take over France and under orders from Hitler, start rounding up the Jews.  German soldiers "move in" and stay wherever they please, and do what they please with whomever they please.  It's a nightmare time in Paris, especially for two young women,sisters that have already lost their mother and been pushed away by their alcoholic father.  A lot happens in this book and through the horror of life during the war, they realize that they can be strong heroes and love rules all.
This book is overwhelmingly sad and at the same time, a testament to compassion, uncommon bravery, and humanity at it's worst and best.  The bravery of the French resistance during the Nazi occupation is beyond belief!  The effect on the lives of the common people during the occupation is a study of acts of bravery and cowardice, penance and redemption.  It also opens up a discussion regarding the humanity and inhumanity of some of the German soldiers who were part of the upper echelon of the Nazi party and the occupation of France during WW II.  The central characters of the story are engaging.  Their behaviors will cause you to examine your own feelings and make you wonder how you would react in similar circumstances.  This is a wonderful book for book groups.
I'm not much of a product reviewer.  It seems to me that we all enjoy different things.  However, with this book, "The Nightingale" I found it to be totally absorbing, gripping and troublesome.  It is about two French sisters during WWII.  It is about how they react during the occupation of France by the Nazis and how they differ in their behavior patterns in surviving.  There were times when I could only read several pages and then I would put it down to think and ponder.  Difficult story, however, it is based on a true person who lived during that time.  How can humanity be that cruel to other human beings?  And then I think about what is happening today and wonder if it should ever repeat itself.<br/><br/>A very well written story by Kristin Hannah.
This book was recommended by a friend. I have read numerous books/novels of historical fiction relating to WWII and its survivors/heroes of the concentration camps and the Hitler Regime. I was most reluctant to read yet another. However, because my friend kept badgering me, I decided to just read it!<br/>WOW! Was I glad I did.<br/>This is a very poignant story of two sisters with entirely different personalities facing the hardships in France during WWII. One can read the summary, but one cannot "experience" their story until you read the rivoting pages of this novel.<br/>I will not be a spoiler by relating its ending, but suffice to say, tears of both joy and sadness literally rolled down my cheeks in the last two chapters. It truly is a MUST read!
I gave this book 5 stars for many reasons. It grabbed me right from the start and couldn't put it down.  The history in this fictional book was right on.  the characters were believable.<br/>And most important to me was that it made me cry the whole last chapter.  I was so involved in this book/story that I was with the family in all the trials, sufferings, saddnesses and small joys.  I feel for all those people who lived and died during that war. How brave they were.  Would I be that  brave? Could I do what they did to live?  I hope I never have to find out but reading this story was insightful.  We forget how hateful people can be if we let them.  And then there are the people who are so brave and generous that it blows me away.  I want to be one of them!
I've read so many war time stories. I expected to be inundated with graphic descriptions of the heinous acts committed by Nazis. Not so. Yes, there are heartbreaking events--impossible to set a story within war torn France without them. But the author allowed us to walk alongside a few ordinary people and see through their eyes the impact of war and occupation on their body/mind/soul. Powerful.<br/>Which one of these characters would I be most like if I'd had the misfortune of living in those circumstances?<br/><br/>Why not 5 stars? I would have liked a note from the author as to how closely any part of her story reflected realities she may have uncovered in her research for the book. I think this tale resonates with many factual events, but I'm not sure.
Amazing story. I'd never read any books by this author before and just happened upon this book. I so wanted to find a book that had some depth to it and wasn't just a light read. I don't enjoy books like that and I love when an author can take you away to another place and time.<br/>Kristin Hannah does just that! I really had no expectations whatsoever and I didn't read any reviews beforehand...other than noted that it was highly rated. I was not disappointed!<br/>I love the way she developed the characters of both sisters and helps us to understand their individual perspectives on their upbringing....seeing how it molds their choices in life and their relationship with each other and their dad.<br/>I will be reading more of her novels that's for certain!
Some books you recall reading but can't remember all that happened, some you'd rather just forget. Then others stay with you for awhile. None of these apply to 'The Nightingale'. Kristin Hannah has written a story that will stay with you forever.<br/>I normally write few reviews though I do rate everything I read but 'The Nightingale' must be on everyone's reading list.<br/>What a remarkable piece of literature. You will never forget these characters - they jump off the page as you experience their lives. This book will break your heart at times (it is France in WWII) but always give you hope in the human spirit.<br/>Amazing - it should win every award out there.<br/>Thank you, Kristin Hannah, for this triumph of a novel.
This is one of my all time favorite books.  I never expected it to be as impacting for me as it was.  Even after having finishing the book, I found myself rereading some parts that moved me so deeply that I could not let go.  Truly, five stars is not enough for this review.  Kristin Hannah outdid herself in creating characters that cannot be forgotten.  The validity of the historical events add profound movement to the story and allow the characters to become so very real that the reader feels connected to them in mind, heart and body.  I suffered, loved, cried, lost, feared and rejoiced right along with each and every one of the main characters. Do not miss out on a reading experience that will make this book unforgettable.
Life, love, loss, death, sadness, grief, strength, vision, children, parents, friends, war, immeasurable pain and suffering, the will to live and love and survive, remembering things you shouldn't have to remember. The Nightingale. This book should be required reading in high schools and for all adults. We need to know what people went through during WWII. we need to make sure this never, ever happens again. This book is a masterpiece. I loved it, I loved it. Many times it was emotionally very difficult to read...emotionally draining and painful. At some point I will read it again. I will never forget the characters in The Nightingale, especially when I think I'm having a tough time of something. A poignantly beautiful story
This is a well written story of WWII during the German invasion of France.  The story centers on a French family and their survival of the war.  I love Kristin Hannah's style of writing and would recommend any book she writes but I think this is her best.  She has taken a fiction story and taken facts to make this into a tale of reality.  The older sister Vianne and her younger sister Isabelle take you back to a time when living was a struggle for them, the people they love, and for the Jews who lived in France.  This might have been a fiction but it is based on a lot of facts.  A very informative tale of losses, love, and survival.  Excellent in every way.  A book you will not want to put down until the last page is read.
I absolutely loved this book. So much love and heartbreak. I will think of this book for a long time
It has been many years since a book has made me cry.  I cried for the characters, their choices, their strengths, their losses, their pain.  I cried that this beautifully written story ended.  These were women who FELT, who lived, who struggled and....well, I just didn't want it to be over.  I wanted to remain in their lives, as they have remained in mine, weeks after I finished the book and moved on.  This isn't a beach read...you will not be able to digest a few sentences, then look up to check on the kids at water's edge.  You will be rapt.  Keep this for a quiet time when you have the time to savor the writing and endure the emotions. Masterfully and powerfully written.  Feed your brain and your heart...and read this.
With over 7K reviews -  that really says it all.  I too was captivated by this audio!  As a commuter, I tired of listening to educational or self help books never finishing them and opting for NPR radio for almost 2 years.  This book has renewed my LOVE for audio books.  At first, I honestly wondered how I was going to get through 14 CD's.  I did not believe an author could keep my interest in one story for that length of time.  Were it a book I would say I couldn't put it down.  I ended up listening to the story even while running local errands.  Narrators can make or break IMO and this narrator did not disappoint.  I was engulfed in the characters, the history, the geography and the vast range of human emotion.  Superb!
"If you're going through hell, keep going". Winston Churchill's quote pretty much sums up this book.  Wow. It's midnight and I just finished The Nightingale in 2 days. This is my first Kristin Hannah book and I am now a devoted fan.  This story is incredibly moving and inspiring.  I have read many Holocaust stories, fiction and non-, and have enjoyed them (if one can really enjoy a Holocaust story); however, I have never read a story from the perspective of occupied France and the way the war ravaged this country.  Nor was I aware of how many downed RAF pilots were rescued by common citizens who rose up with the courage to resist...an evil regime. This story was extremely humbling for me.  I highly recommend it.
Fascinating chronicle of Nazi-occupied France during WW II. The author brings the anguish of many to life in compelling style. In my opinion she spent way too much time in the novel detailing the troubled relationship between the two Rossignol sisters, both "Nightingales" as it turns out--I got it the first time. She sometimes beat an action within a scene to death by too much minute detail: e.g., She took the key from her pocket, then walked to the door, she inserted the key in the lock, finally turned the key and opened the door to find....The end of the story seemed hurried as if she had to finish quickly. All in all, a fine novel well worth reading--a vivid reminder of the black period of Nazi-ridden Europe.
So excellent.<br/>I rate a book based on, if in its completion, it stays with and haunts me. I am still thinking about what I read, such as remembering an incredible meal or time shared with those I love. I LOVED this book. It is lingering still 2 days later.<br/>There was no uncomfortable sex scenes, graphic language, you understand those events in the book,  without it being blinding to your eyes or senses,  those times when you are scanning ahead disgustedly wishing the author did not have to add them to get the book published.<br/>I read about 5 books per month at rarely do I find one this good.<br/>I find personal recommendations for books better then NY Times book reveiw. This was a personal recommendation.
Absolutely loved this story.  Two French sisters caught up in the Nazi invasion of France in WW2 take different paths.  One becomes active in the Resistance, the other tries to just survive and peacefully co-exist with the invading force controlling her country.  It is a triumph of the human spirit in times of adversity. The sisters have very different personalities, and how each endure and develop during this traumatic time is a story that I had a hard time putting down each day.  It is so well written, and one feels like they are there in the story with the characters. "The Nightingale" by Kristin Hannah and "All The Light We Cannot See" by Anthony Doerr are two of the best books I have ever read.
Great novel.  I literally couldn't put it down.  The story was extremely dramatic and compelling, the historical background of life and the Resistance in France during the Nazi occupation during World War II was accurate, and the development of the two principal characters, the sisters Vivienne and Isabelle, was brilliant. Even the subsidiary characters were all magnificently portrayed and memorable, such as the girls' father Julien, Vivienne's daughter Sophie, and Gaetan, Isabelle's lover and elusive member of the Resistance.  The interplay between the sisters and their vast differences was a tension that was maintained until almost the last page.  The novel evoked all my emotions and the excitement never let up.
This is my first time reading a book written by this author,Kristin Hannah , as I was looking for something to read,so I came across this book and read others feelings about this book.So I took a chance to read it which I rarely do as I generally read my favorite authors.I am so glad I took the time to read this book and I could not put it down.So I am looking forward to reading another of her books. She kept to the history of this time of war and her characters were so interesting plus the period in our history must of been hard to write about but she wrote this in accuracy so you she had done a lot of research into getting her facts etc. I am sorry the book came to the end but so glad I took the chance to read.
It is difficult to say that "I liked" the book The Nightingale because is was one of my all time most difficult reads,  while at the same time one of the most enlightening books I have ever read.  The plight of the Jews during WW11 has been well known through books and film,  but the courage and work of the French women fighting and dying while participating in the French Resistance is not as well documented.  Before reading The Nightingale, I had determined not to read anymore WW11 books in the near future.  I'm so very glad that  The Nightingale slipped under my deadline.  I highly recommend  this book.  After all of the trauma encountered, I thought that the ending (years later) was most satisfactory.
The story follows the parallel lives of three family members.  Historically each struggles to connect to each other after the death of Mother.  Childhood becomes adulthood and the estrangement becomes a civil communication when necessary.  The invasion by the Nazis into Paris as well as another town in France follows each family member as they deal with the different challenges they each face during this time of insanity. Each faces danger and commitment to the cause for freedom, but each in their own way.  The story also occasionally intertwines with the life decades later of the only survivor and ties all the threads together.  A very good read, I wanted to pick it up several times a day to see what was next.
This was a beautiful, heart wrenching story about two sisters doing whatever it takes to protect their family and those around them. It was inspirational, romantic, suspenseful, and life changing. I wasn't sure what to think when I started reading, but I never expected to feel such an intense connection to the characters and story. It was truly an epic read that should be experienced by all.<br/><br/>Please keep in mind that this wasn't an in your face kind of romance... While it had intimacy and romantic scenes, the overall gist of book is classic love, family love, and love that can withstand war. The ugly words come together to form a beautiful journey. Please one click this one. You won't be disappointed!
This is one of the most compelling books I’ve read; it was truly hard to put down. It was made special to me by the author using her extensive research to create a story with such reality and depth that I felt I was living through that time with them. It was an era of world history that must never be forgotten, and I hope many younger people will read this and thus have some understanding of what incredibly brave and dedicated people did to finally overcome Hitler’s insane intention to control the world. The family dynamics were fantastic. Kristin took relationships that seemed broken beyond repair and brought them together in a most satisfying way. This is a beautifully written book with an important message.
Great story about a topic that I have not often read about - role and fate of women in occupied countries during World War II.  Characters were all interesting and the plot made you really wonder how it was all going to turn out in the end.  Lots of sadness, unfortunately, but I guess there was probably lots of that to go around at that time and realistically portrays life under the Nazi's.  Liked the effective use of "flash forward" to the 1990's.  It kept me wondering which woman of the central two sisters had survived.  Ending was uplifting even if a lot of people died before we got there.  If you want to read a well-written book about a different aspect of World War II, I highly recommend this book.,
This book was rather expensive but was worth every penny. The character development was nothing short of amazing. The story was as true to life as it possibly could be.  The violence, the pain and heartbreak. The hunger and starvation, the cold and freezing weather kept me chilled in my warm house. Having recenw retired, I had the pleasure of reading this book without. Putting it down. This Author told a very chilling heartbreaking story with some of the greatest hero's and heroines along with some of the most evil villains.  This story could have well been true, because I know that there were people that were just as brave in France that have lived and died to protect their country a loved ones.<br/><br/>.
This book will hold your attention to the end and then the tears will flow .  Another great book !
This book held my attention from page one! Loved the references to history and the fictional plot.
I absolutely loved The Nightingale! I read excerpts of it to my girlfriend at McDonalds as we met for coffee and couldn't help the tears starting to flow! This book is totally unlike any that Kristin Hannah as written to date, but completely enthralling! Her characters of two sisters really bring home the love of family and friends and how entwined we are to each other on all respects. One sister 's sa king a child for her best friend is heartbreaking yet so heroic. I certainly enjoyed this book down to the very last words and applaud Kristin Hannah for attempting this story for all of us. It is a tale of love and lives lived through turmoil, yet in the end, love is found again . A compelling masterpiece !
I actually listened to this on audiobook, because I knew it would be awhile before I could physically read it with my massive TBR list. I must say I think I enjoyed it more listening to it than I would having reading it for myself. The Nightingale is set in WW2 France and the narrator does an amazing job speaking the parts with a believable accent. This is not a romantic love story; although there are relationships formed throughout the story. Mainly it focuses on two sisters and their very different experiences in Nazi occupied France. The story is beautifully written and I found myself in tears by the end. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a story of strength, tragedy, and perseverance.
I was hooked on this book from the first chapter. Being a second generation French daughter of family who fought in the resistance this story really is helpful in understanding what people went through in war torn Europe. Understandably this is a work of fiction but it brings up all the pain and suffering that this generation went through and how they kept going. Today we have our soldiers coming home with PTS just the way Vianne & Isabelle's father did after WWI. He just couldn't cope with life once his wife passed away and the family floundered. The author draws out each individual with their qualities and faults and gives us a visual through her research of how they persevered. Kudos to Kristin Hannah.
Isabelle and Vianne are two sister who have not had a great childhood and are forced to grow up quickly. They both move forward in their lives on different paths. Vianne gets married & starts her life. Isabelle is searching for love from her father and sister, but doesn't find what she needs. The two take on a difficult journey when the Germans invade France.<br/>I started this book for book club and couldn't wait to get to the end. I was totally hooked and needed to see what happened in Vianne & Isabelle's life. The author has given great accounts of a war that was horrible and difficult for many. It was great to see the war from a woman's perspective and to see what they did and how hard they fought.
Excellent book.  I indicated there was some violence but it was relative to the story being told.  It was a violent time and the book described it so well.  It was a story that gave you history and information we need to know.  It gave the reader a feeling of how important it was to survive at costs that could not be imagine until there was not choice.  That is were the sexual content came into the story.<br/>It was a book that told a lesson of how important it is to stay true to your heart, even when it meant you may lose your life.  It was a story that brought tears but you were rewarded by the outstanding end to the story.<br/>I would highly recommend it but the book is not a "light" read.
It usually takes me a few months to finish a book this long because I don't have a lot of time to read. However, I read this book in 6 days. It was so intriguing that it kept pulling me back to it. When I lose sleep to keep reading a book, that's quite extraordinary. I've read many historical fiction books about WW2 (Sarah's Key, and Tillie's Story have been my favorite). This one is right up there with them. I adored the storytelling. The characters were deep and remarkable. I found a few editing errors but willingly overlooked them and reengaged in the storyline. Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite current writers. Winter Garden is one the same level as this excellent book. You will LOVE this story.
Loved this book. I chose it for my book cub. The story takes place in France during WW2 and involves two sisters and each with different focuses on living through that wartime. A heart breaker for sure. Being a child myself during that time, I was barely aware of the atrocities until at a later age but not to extent that is portrayed in this story. Author, Hannah, captures all the deprivations of the citizens of France and how people managed to cope under extraordinary circumstances. I orgiinaly read this book on my Kindle but also ordered the hard bound version to have on a shelf in my library as it is one I know I will read again and again. Highly recommend this book (.Do have a handkerchief handy!).
Sad but good reminder to be grateful for freedom and not having to experience war in our country.
While I can't say this book was the best ever, it certainly kept me engaged, and actually, riveted, at times. What works here is the excellent story and plot lines, and though some details may be a bit amiss, it's a darn good read. So much better than most because I was on edge throughout. I am not a huge fan of historical fiction, or fiction placed in past times, but because the story is so compelling, it makes a big exception. Liked it more than ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE, which dragged for me. Wholeheartedly recommend. Actually, if I were to suggest something alongside this, I recommend the vastly unknown gem, CLAIRE ANGE--a wholly entertaining and fascinating read more should know about.
I enjoy Kristen Hannah's books. They appear to be well researched and I learn along with enjoying the story she creates. Much has been written about World War II but never before have I read about two strong women in occupied France and what they did to both survive and play a part in the resistance. One sister is married with her husband in a prison camp. The other sister is young, idealistic and impetuous. They each take different routes during the war.  They each contribute in their own ways.  These are memorable characters that you want to journey beside and think about what you might have done in similar situations. Even though I finished the book, the characters and story stay in my mind.
This book shows contrasts between two sisters and what happens to them during World War II in France.  One sister, who is beautiful, adventurous, daring, reckless and too trusting (to begin with) is ready to risk her life immediately to help others.  Though I assumed she would be a hero in the story, she is not the only one. The other sister is trying to care for her daughter during those dangerous times, but danger comes to her anyway, when two German officers board with her.  In spite of this invasion of privacy there are benefits and dangers that make her stronger, more daring, brave. and in the end bring her a child that blesses her in her old age.  Wonderful read that is hard to put down!
From the beginning, I was drawn into the story and wondered how it would happen. I wondered who the narrator was (her name is not revealed until the final chapter so you are wondering throughout the story which character she is).<br/>In finishing the book today, I read over 200 pages. I did not want to stop until I got to the end!<br/><br/>This difficult story of women and the sacrifices made during World War II in Nazi-occupied France is a must-read for history lovers, as well as those who love a good adventure/mystery/love story. I learned so much about that time in history from following this haunting tale of the fictional Rossingnol family and those around them in the French resistance.
I wish I could have chosen six stars. I have loved everything written by Kristin and this is at the top of a lengthy list of books of hers that I've loved. Winter Garden tops the list. Anyway. I thought this book started a little slow and at times, I was thinking, come on already, wanting the book to move along. Soon enough I was on a roller coaster flying through this story and I was completely caught up in every minute of it. This is the type of book I stayed up late reading on a work night. And when I got up at 530am on a Saturday morning to use the bathroom, I didn't want to go back to sleep. I knew I had about 15% to go and I wanted to finish it. Amazing story! Kristin, you're amazing.
Kristen Hannah's novel, The Nightingale, has surpassed everything else she has written by leaps and bounds. I believe that this is her first historical novel and although I have read many novels centering on this period, this is at the top of my list.<br/>It's been really interesting to me to watch Ms. Hannah's growth as a novelist. Her early books are what I would refer to as romance novels, but each one that she has written has been a better effort and a step towards what I consider a perfect novel. Kudos to you, Ms. Hannah! It's so refreshing to read someone who works diligently on her craft and doesn't fall into the trap of success, believing that work that is " good enough" suffices.
Have read much better books on this time. No real character development and really disappointed
I have read many WW2 novels, but this one touched me in so many ways.  It was a compelling piece of fiction while making the devastation of the time extremely real. As there had to be in a story like this, there was violence and sexual content, but none of it was gratuitous. I was left with amazement, yet again, at the strength of the human spirit and the will to survive.  I was also surprised, once more, at the determination of some humans to do good and the determination of others to do evil.<br/><br/>I have read a few others of Hannah's novels.  While they were enjoyable stories, they struck me as "fluff."  Not this one.  This was a powerful, well researched, well-told tale.
I think I should wait until I have dried my tears, but The Nightingale is such an amazing story of love, courage, and the incredible depths of the human spirit, I had to write.  My husband asked me why I was reading such a painful story about the evils of Hitler's Germany and his campaign to eradicate the Jewish people, and I said because we all need to read about it and then read about it again and again.  That humans can be so hateful and evil is astounding but to learn about the depths that good people will go to save others lifts us all.  May we all be as courageous as The Nightingale, Isabella and her sister "V" and their fellow resistance fighters in France, should the need arise.
It is seldom I find a recently written novel that I find so well written.  The Nightingale kept me involved from the first page to the last.  The characters were well built.  The detail involving the sacrifice of the French resistance felt real and made me want to learn more about their experiences during the German occupation of World War II.  While the story left many reasons to be depressed, the characters' love for their country and their courage in the face of great adversity overcame the darkness of the story.<br/>I would highly recommend this book to anyone that is attracted to the characters and events of the period.<br/>I will definitely read other books by Kristin Hannah.
This is a hauntingly, beautifully written book about two very different sisters during WWII in occupied France. In their own way they help to save numerous lives - 1 sister by hiding Jewish children so they are not sent away to the "death camps" with their families, and the other sister by helping allied soldiers whose planes have gone down, return to safety.  Written partly from the narrative of one of the sisters in 1995, with flashbacks to the painfully descriptive atrocities during the war years, it has a touching ending that brings it all together. This is the first Kristin Hannah book I've read, but I will certainly be reading more of hers.  I would highly recommend this book!
This World War II story of two sisters in France during the German occupation is beautifully written, touching, and graphic in the descriptions of the horrors of war. Hannah has done her homework, basing the character of Isabelle on a French woman who risked her life, guiding downed pilots to safety over the Pyrenees. The plight of the French, particularly the women and children left to battle the long lines for dwindling rations, the taking over of their homes by the Germans, and the bravery of so many who hid the Jewish children are vividly described. I have purchased this title for our school library, especially for the readers of All the Light We Cannot See, and The Book Thief.
If a book's sucess is measured by the emotional commitment given by the reader, this is a very successful book.  This book captivated me and I felt all the pain, sorrow and joy expressed by the characters in this story as they journied through this very difficult time in our history.  The book offers incredibly detailed and authenticated facts which give the reader a rich and believable account of life in war times.  I learned a lot from this book and loved it.  I want to thank Kristin Hannah for writing it and for giving me such a beautiful gift. I can't imagine how difficult it must have been to research and write this. Everyone  should read this book -- it will change your life.
Well written....couldn't put it down!<br/><br/>Why haven't I gotten the monthly Amazon book?
Interesting characters and descriptive writing.  Felt like I was there and glad that I wasn't.
When I read the first few pages of The Nightingale (for a book group), I thought - 'Ugh!  My IQ is dropping!  This is like a Harlequin Romance.'  I wasn't sure I wanted to finish it and I resented buying it as opposed to waiting for a copy from the library.  A few pages later, the story gripped me.  I would not call it literature, but it is a good read. I couldn't wait to get back to it.  I felt the emotions of the characters living under Nazi occupation in a different way than in other books I have read about it.  It seemed more personal.  At the same time, the characters could have been deeper.  As the story developed, they did grow, but at first they were very one dimensional.
This is one of the best books I have ever read in my life. I did not want it to end and I am still thinking of Vianne and Isabelle even though they were fictional characters. I was never particularly interested in history; especially in events that occurred in another country so long ago but now I find I am very obsessed with reading other stories based on what women had to endure while their country was at war and their men were gone. I have so much more respect for the women that have gone through this in their lives and can't imagine how life was at that time not so long ago. I will be looking out for every book Kristin Hannah writes and hope that there will be a new one soon.
While there have been many books written that tell the story of WWII, very few have been written that tell the story of those people left to fight the war in their homes and on their street.  This book does that and more.  I was not able to read this book straight through - there were some passages that made me put the book down so I could catch my breath.  She does such a good job telling the story that I could imagine myself in those situations, I could feel the emotions and I wondered if I would be as brave as the characters in the book.<br/>This is not an easy read, but very worthwhile - I buy very few books in hard copy anymore, but this is one I want to put on my shelf.
It's been a while since I read anything as powerful as this book. I purchased the kindle edition and after reading the first 30 pages, I went to the nearest bookstore and picked the paperback copy because I knew right away that I want this book with me to share with loved ones in the future. Well written story and as you read, you can feel how your views of life are changing. Kirsten successfully wrote a masterpiece and am ownered to have read this masterpiece. Although I was travelling while reading the book, I found myself for the first time choosing to stay in my hotel room and read more. The worst thing about this book, is that like everything in life, it comes to an end.
This is an exceptionally well written, historically faithful novel depicting the almost unbelievable horror of the Nazi occupation of France.  It reminds the reader of the inherent capacity for inhuman behavior that significant segments of the human species  possess.  In this case it was the German SS and Gestapo and their French collaborators.  It also illustrates the extraordinary capabilities for kindness and heroic behavior that other segments can display.<br/><br/>We need to remember and hopefully learn from these extremes of human behavioral capacity demonstrated so recently in our evolution.  We all live within a spectrum where most of us are somewhere in the middle.
This book was amazing.  It kept me up till 3:00 in the morning reading, then until 4 thinking about what I read and crying. I have 4 kids, aged 4-8, and my sleep is precious! :) I NEVER cry over books. I am an avid reader, and only 1 other book has ever made me cry. This one made me feel, think, pray, ponder and grieve for people who died before my parents were born. I have never read a book that move me so deeply, probably because the premise of the book was reality for so many. If you read one book this year, read this one. I was put off a little bit at first reading about the description with the love story. It is NOT that kind of love story. Read it, Read it, Read it!!!
This book is like a Disney Princess book for "adults".  I made it to page 20, gritting my teeth the whole time but determined to keep trying.  Then I read:  "The Medieval villa dominated a deeply green, forested hillside.  It looked like something in a confectioner's shopwindow, a castle sculpted of caramel, with spun-sugar windows and shutters the color of candied apples."  Really?  Thank God I didn't waste my own money on such drivel.  I guess my sense of fantasy is missing.
I love Kristin Hannah's writing and read all of her books.  She has really captured a real part of history in this wonderful novel.  She showed me a side of WWII that I was not very familiar with.  I really have a new appreciation for the role played by French women during the Nazi occupation of their country.  There were times that I had to stop reading because of my tears.  The men went off to war and the women held things together at home.  They suffered tremendous loss and deprivation, but kept putting one foot in front of the other for their children, husbands, neighbors and their country.  I think this is a must read for all adults!
This is one of the best historical novels I've read in a long time.What makes it stand out is the Nazi occupation in France and how it affects this main family & the town they live in as well as all of France..The contrast of the two sisters and their relationship with their emotionally scarred father is very good.Both sisters are very interesting characters and I found myself feeling completely involved in this story.The courage of the freedom fighters and how they helped the pilots that had been stranded when their planes went down was a story I hadn't thought of much before.I would give this 10 stars if I could it was that good to me.
As a WWII junkie and part time historian, I've read many books on this subject.  This however is one of the best novels of the WWII period.  If I was told this was a true story I certainly would have believed it;  The subjects not only come alive but they represent all of those  who had to endure, and endure many did, that dreadful, dark period of recent history.  Extremely well written with character development rarely found.  The incidents describing the concentration camps are so compelling and yes, even frightening that it seemed it was actually told first hand by a prisoner who actually lived it.<br/>A story of two sisters who, despite their differences, are ultimately united by tragedy, despair, untold hardship with the realization that perhaps they are really not so different after all.<br/>Get it. Read it. You won't soon forget it.
I listened to the audio version of the book, and I'm very happy I did. The narrator used different voices for different characters and did a great job; she added to the story, not detracted from it.  As for the story itself, I found my self wanting to sit in the car and just keep listening.  I am far from a history fanatic, so I don't know (and don't care) if everything was historically accurate. What I did think about throughout the story was that this portrayed a very negative time, with detail, that had me thinking all the time about what a generation went through and/or lost. Overall, one of the best books I've read in a long time.
YES!! This, this is  what I needed. If you are debating wether you should read this just know this. I went into this book knowing as little about the characters and what this was about. I just went for it and thought "if this sucks, at least I didn't pay full price". This was AMAZING! I cared about every single character -except the nazis- and couldn't stop reading this book. I can't even express how wonderful this was. I felt like I was living during this war and was right along side these characters. It was sad, romantic, suspenseful, full of amazing character and just beautiful. A MUST READ! I can't stop thinking about it !
Marvelous writing and story-telling that informs the reader of the social and moral impacts of the NAZI occupation of France during WW2, told through the eyes of two (non-Jewish) sisters.  Why should you read this?  1) It was quite well-written and deeply engrossing - it hooked me so that I completed the novel in 2 days, finishing at 4:00 AM.......2) It provides a different take on life during WW2 in Europe than I have seen before (and I read A LOT!), and 3) it provided a balanced description of virtually all the characters, whether protagonist, Vichy-French, nonVichy-French, German/NAZI, French resistance, French symapthisizers, etc.
The Nightingale was a wonderfully written story that kept my interest throughout! So many stories have been written about this unbelievable period of our history concerning the Nazis and the terror they bestowed on innocent peoples.  I don't know if The Nightingale was based on any 'real' people, but the story line was certainly believable and the suspense kept my interest .  The characters were very real and complex and Kristin Hannah did a wonderful job developing them and meshing their lives with each other.  I loved the way the beginning and ending came together and even brought a twist with it.  I definitely recommend this book!
The Nightingale was a great read!  I wasn't sure if I could take another World War II book, but I was very happy that I decide to read this book.  It kept me in suspense all through the book.  It was quick to get started and kept pace all the way throughout the book.  I know that this is over used statement, but I literally couldn't put this book down.  It ever presented a problem for me.  I couldn't keep up the work that I had to do at and outside my house.  The book provided a new look through WW II.  Two sisters going separate ways through their life in France.  Highly recommend to those who like suspenseful and historical novels.
So descriptive of the days of agony for the oppressed French during WWII!  And a surprisingly accurate description of the personalities of the most successful resistance fighters, I would suspect.  I enjoyed the book in that it was very exciting and I really wanted to know what was going to happen next.  It was upsetting to hear about the French helping the Germans find Jews, and actually herding them into the stadium.  I'm aware of that--family members of mine who were in that theatre of war confirmed it.  I believe we should be reminded of the horrible effects of that hatred.<br/><br/>The book is well written and worth your time!
I read a few pages and then had to quit.  The writing is just awful, and there seems to have been almost no research put into the details of the plot.  It seems like the author read a few french phrasebooks and perhaps the menu of a French restaurant, and decided that was all she needed to know to convey a truly French experience.  I cannot understand all the positive reviews.  Thankfully I got this from my local library!
This is one of the very best WWII books I have read. Set in France, it is a story told in retrospect by one of two sisters who both grew up and lived in France. Until reading this book, I did't realize how extensive the French collaboration with the Nazis proved to be. Seen through the eyes of both sisters, the years of Nazi occupation in France unfolds, as dramatic and realistic as yesterday's newscasts. I love that the reader is unable to determine which sister is the first narrator, until the last few pages. Don't miss this one! Best book investment I've made for a while...wish I had bought the hard cover, instead of Kindle.
When i hear a young person complaining about America, all I can think is that we've never experienced anything like a war in our own country in decades. Starvation, rape, hideous crimes against humanity and so much more ugly ugly stuff. All we know are green trees, plenty of food and butterflies.<br/>  I want to say, ask yourself...how brave would I have been?  What would I have done? Would I have survived? Go live somewhere else....if you dare.<br/>Although this book was an accurate historical novel about a senseless war,  and was beautifully written, we still don't know why Jews, and more, were persecuted without question.
I shed quite a few tears while reading this book. For Rachel, Sarah, Isabelle, Henry, and many more.<br/>I learned so much in this book in this book about Paris  during WW II.  I knew that Paris was occupied but not until I read this book and another did I learn of that the fate of Jews inside France was similar to those in Germany.  I also learned of those brave souls that risked everything to save others and even those Germans who didn't share the belief of Hitler and others who were caught up in this horrific conflict and tried as best they could to help others.  We need to remember so nothing like this ever happens again.
This was the best book that I have read!<br/>Intriguing,moving, and very interesting.
Great story --- draws the reader in from the first page!  A well worth read...........
Wow, what a book. Great story, great plot development and characters you could believe in. Have always been an avid reader of WWII books, however this is written by a woman about women in occupied France during World War II, which provides a completely different perspective. The strength and instincts of a mother to protect her children is played out well.<br/><br/>Contrasted to the actions of the Nazi's and SS... it makes a compelling read, although it is fiction it reads as if it were historically correct.. Viane and Isabelle are characters that will never forget.. this is probably one of the best books I have ever read.
Great story, great characters, well written. After reading the book I  did some looking at historical accounts on the web. Although the characters in the book are fictional, the actions presented are very historically correct. During World War II, Women played a strong role in spiriting thousands of Allied flyers out of Nazi occupied territory and many were captured and killed. From the names given for French collaborators, to the initial Free French government in the south of France later occupied by Nazis I found historical facts that were accurate. I learned a lot reading fiction. Wow! READ THIS BOOK! You won't regret it.
I was initially skeptical as to the popularity of the book, at the beginning. It was rather slow to get started with not as much content to grab me and keep me reading. But I was determined… and was rewarded for my efforts! All the groundwork laid out in the first half of the book culminated in an "page-turner" second half. It was a beautiful story of courage, love (in all it's forms), tragedy and loss. I've never read a work of historical fiction that portrayed the depth of heroism of the women in World War 2. The horrors of this time in German occupied France are forever etched in my mind. Beautifully written.
This novel was an interesting account of the Nazi infiltration and occupation in France during WWII. I appreciated that the story focused on the role women played during wartime difficulties. My only criticism is that there were a few impossibilities.... as well as a Hollywood-ish ending (I'm not giving anything away, here.) The plot gained momentum after about 40% of the way through, but I'm glad I stuck with the story. I teach middle school English and it was interesting reading historical fiction about WWII and the events around the Holocaust from the perspective of French gentiles. I've recommended it to a few people.
This is one of the best books I've read this year hands down. I love historical fiction and I recently visited Central Europe so I was eager to read about some of the places I visited. This book kept my attention from the beginning to the end. The author described the characters so well that I got more emotionally invested in this book than I thought I would. I had to force myself not to cry as I got toward the end! I don't want to give anything away but this was masterfully written, well researched and just a heart wrenching book about the horrors of WWII and the unimaginable sacrifices people made to survive it.
I pre-ordered this new book in advance because I love all Kristin Hannah books. I like historical fiction so this book piqued my interest just by reading the synopsis. Until The Nightingale my favorite two Kristin Hannah books were Winter Garden followed by Fire Fly Lane.  The Nightingale has now moved to the top of the list. You can tell a lot of research went into this book. I have always been a sponge for any historical fiction, but WWII has been the era that I have read the most about. This book opened my eyes to wartime France, to the part women played in WWII. I loved the characters, they were deep and each chapter revealed them layer by layer. I was constantly amazed by the choices these women had to make to stay alive, but more so by how brave they were to stand up and make a difference even if it meant risking their own lives. I could not get the book out of my mind.  I carried my Kindle around in my purse, ready to read when I had even a few minutes of time.  I couldn't stop thinking about the characters, what they went thru.  Kristin Hannah brought them to life and I felt what they were feeling and wanted to know what happened to them.  This book made me feel amazed, sad, angry, hungry, cold, scared, resigned, sympathy, you name it.  This book will not disappoint you!
This book is primarily about a French family during WWII, the main characters being 2 sisters and how they fought their own personal wars while fighting for their country at the same time each in their own way... possibly  there have been any number of books written about the subject matter... but this is the first one I have read... Kristin Hannah is a favorite author, this book is not like her  others that I have read... In any case  I really liked it and it taught me a little about the history of the time  as well as entertained me with a very rich story and well developed characters that I came to care about.
Started the book one night and finished it the next day.  I read All the Light We Cannot See and IMO this book is better.  I fell in love with the sisters and their complicated but loving relationship.  Such a touching, beautifully written novel.<br/><br/>I don't read historical novels and am not familiar with the history of Occupied France in WW2.  I can't comment on the accuracy of the events or the characterization of the people of that time.  I'll leave that to the experts.<br/><br/>I can recommend this book to those who enjoy an amazing read.  I am not easily moved, but I did cry at the end.<br/><br/>I
I've enjoyed other novels by this author more.  Am surprised I lasted until the end.
When I started the book I thought - oh, well - another WWII book.  I had recently finished "All The Light We Cannot See" and wondered if this would be too much WWII in such a short time!  It is not.  It is almost a companion to that book in that it takes place in France and beautifully describes what the occupied population dealt with, so as you are reading it you are also thinking of the story of Marie-Laure and St. Malo.<br/><br/>This is a story about war and its impact, family and the struggles of relationships, love, courage, and survival. There are some twists that keep you guessing until the end.
I loved "The Nightingale".  It gave a glimpse into the WWII era different that the one our parents who didn't serve in the military talked about.  They only read about the true hardship and sacrifice being made in Europe, while in the United States the use of ration cards and some shortages were minor inconveniences compared to burning the furniture in order to survive a brutal winter.  The characters were so real, and the situations so true to history that it felt more like a true story.  I recommend it to anyone who loves a book they can't put down, and one they think about often after it is finished.
The Nightingale was the most amazing, memorable, and moving book that I have read in years.  I had to slog through the first 40% of the book.  It was slow.  I had to re-read several passages because I couldn't remember what I had just read.  I thought about putting it down.  I am so glad that I didn't!  The story really picked up after that.  I couldn't put it down!  There were some incredible twists at the end that I did not see coming.  I even cried at the end.  I never cry for books.  I can think of maybe only one other book at was this moving.  It was just extraordinary.  I highly recommend The Nightingale.
I love Kristin Hannah's books.  That said, there are very few that are not a "difficult" read.  Her books are not light and breezy.  They contain difficult topic matters that she handles beautifully.  I find all her characters engaging and each and every story has drawn me in so much so that I don't want to put the book down.  If you're looking for a light, fun read, this book and her other books are not it.  However, if you're looking for a wonderfully crafted story that captivates you right from the get go, then give this a try.  I loved the book. I loved the characters and yes, I did a lot of crying.
Kristin Hannah always writes good books.The Nightingale was beyond wonderful.  I could not move on to another book right away after reading it because everything else just felt inferior.  The story of these sisters was outstanding.  They reacted to the war in different but powerful ways.  I don't want to spoil the book but I highly recommend this book to everyone.  If you have a book club, this book would make a great suggestion for discussion.  I have said that Firefly Lane by Kristin Hannah is my favorite book, but I honestly feel like this book may take over and if not it definitely comes in a close second.
I finished this book over a week ago and I'm still constantly thinking about it - the rich text stays with you. The characters are incredibly real and their stories are ones you know are depictions of what really happened to many so you take time to be grateful for living in a world without war literally at your doorstep. And this book reminds you to show love to others. What an incredible story told from sisters experiencing some of the most difficult situations any human being has ever had to face.<br/><br/>All in all this is a fantastic read. I want to read it again for the first time. Thank you Kristin.
What a book....I could not put this down and it's the first book in maybe 20 years that truly moved me to tears more than once, both joyful and heartbreaking. A sisters bond, no matter the pain and hurt we may cause, that is a powerful bond, Kristin Hannah nailed it. I have one sister and no matter how I've hurt her or she has hurt me, we love each other very much, we are so different yet I will always be there for her no matter what, Kristin gets that. Powerful, powerful book about love, loss, secrets, a time in our history that most of us don't know a lot about, makes you rethink your blessings, loved it!!!
A realistic historical novel that vividly depicts the repressive Nazi occupation of France.  The characters are complex and respond to events in a manner that reflects their growth and experiences.  There is a sense of foreboding that is maintained throughout, but the author pulls no punches when it comes to portraying the violence and inhumane actions of the Nazis.  Yet, even among the enemy, the author allows us to see that individual soldiers are caught up in a process from which they cannot escape or choose not to flee from their assignments.  This is a page turner with a story and characters that linger.
This book stayed with me long after I finished it. Our comedians in the US love to make fun of the French for rolling over during WW2. The incredible hardships endured by the French people and the unimaginable courage of the French resistance as told here belie those jokes. Both heartbreaking and inspiring, you get a glimpse of the horrors of the war, tempered a bit by 2 tender love stories. The two heroines characters are flawed, wonderful and believable. Several really great protagonists and some of the most horrific antagonists. Some of the best and the worst traits of human nature. Just a wonderful read!
We can't know every story of heroism and suffering and struggle of the millions of people who made sacrifices in the World War. This book tells the story of one small group, as part of a much larger group, who is determined that individuals could make a difference in the outcome of the war. I came to appreciate even more what was at stake and how much the dedicated troops needs all the support they could and every person who defied their fear of what could happen to them saved lives that would have been lost. The love story is an interesting twist, I couldn't decide whether it made it more or less realistic.
If you love historical fiction, are a Francophile, and get overtaken by a fine romance, then you will love this book.  The plot has enough twists and turns to keep you on the edge of your seat, but it seems to stay true to the very harsh reality faced by those who lived through the German occupation of France during WW II. The characters are realistically portrayed and you feel like you are reading about old friends by the conclusion of the novel. The only negative are current phrases are used in the past which is surprising given how well the story is crafted.  None the less I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah left me breathless and in awe.  It is the powerful story of a French family during World War II in Nazi occupied France.  One sister tries to protect her family while staying in their home, while the other takes on a nightmarishly dangerous existence as an underground resistance member.  The incredible mistreatment, deprivation, and outright starvation of the French populace by their captors is inhuman and difficult to comprehend.  That anyone managed to survive the ordeal is remarkable. This story brought to life the realities of a terrible time in the history of our world.
The Nightengale is the best book I have read in a long while.  The author does a fantastic job at putting you in the scene, inside the characters' lives, inside the historical setting (WW II), drawing you in to the emotional content of the story.  I was travelling in Paris at the time I read it and I felt so deeply moved by and connected to the story and the setting.  It's hard for me to imagine how an author writes such a book without it being autobiographical.  Kudos to Kristin Hannah--she has really written a masterpiece in my humble and grateful opinion.  I can't imagine any reader not loving this book!
I absolutely loved this book! The manner in which Kristin Hannah told the story of two French sisters during WWII kept me captivated from start to finish. I especially liked how the identity of the present day narrator (1995) was not revealed until much later in the novel. The relationship between these two sisters, as well as their relationships with their father, friends and significant others, were well-developed and interesting. The horrifying circumstances of the WWII setting make this novel a must-read for any fan of historical fiction. I certainly plan on reading more of Hannah's work in the future.
The Nightingale is a remarkable story of two sisters in Nazi-Occupied France during WWII. I felt a strong connection to these characters, especially Vianne. Learning about what women went through during wartime - the sacrifices they made, the risks they took, the impossible decisions they faced - was incredibly emotional. I was moved to tears more than once. This story is beautiful, heart-wrenching, and very well written. A piece of my heart was left on the pages of The Nightingale.<br/><br/>"Love. It was the beginning and end of everything, the foundation and the ceiling and the air in between."
I really like Kristin Hannah's books & have read most of them.  This is  heavy topic about a woman who saves a lot of lives during world war II in the French Resistance against the Nazi's.  It seems historically accurate to me from other non fiction works I have read.  It is a compelling story about the contribution women made in world war II that is often overlooked.  The story is well woven & interesting to read & suspenseful as well.<br/>Inspirational characters who struggled thru difficult times, finding courage & learning to go on living  in spite of hardships experienced.
I really enjoyed this book and couldn't put it down. Delved into the war and the people who were in denial that their lives could or would ever change. Showed the tenacity we have if truly required. Isabelle was foolish in my opinion but was strong minded and committed to saving her beloved France. Shows what difference one person can make. I do wish more people would share their experiences of living through it but most are reticent or just unable to visit that pain, again!  You must read and I love and have read most of Kristin Hannah's books.  Looking forward to the next one!
Loved loved loved this book! I couldn't put it down and never wanted it to end.
I bought this book because it was touted to be a "Historical Novel", at the very first of the book I thought maybe I had made a mistake and I was reading a romance novel.  I was wrong.  Some of the facts may not have absolutely historically accurate but the feeling and emotions of the two main female characters seemed very realistic.  I learned more about what it was like to be in occupied France by following these women than if I had been following two men fighting the war.  I just really really liked this book.  There is nothing like being entertained while you learn.
This novel kept my interest from cover to cover. The character deveopmentwas skillfully done. The flashbacks and forward to the present was done smoothly. Isabel's constant longing for acceptance and love from her father and sister was very painful for her. Her acceptance with the partisan French group was very fulfilling. How Isabel was able to survive her ordeal during WWII was amazing. Vivanne's life during the war was far from ideal. What a trooper she was. How sad that their dad couldn't appreciate the accomplishments of his daughters. I would highly recommend this novel.
I loved this book as did my grandmother.  It gave me a better sense of how the French suffered during WWII which I don't remember learning much about in high school, I only recall learning of the horrific suffering of the Jewish people.  Just when you thought it couldn't get worse and they couldn't go another year with so little you read that somehow things do get worse.  I love historical fiction novels and I love reading all that Kristen Hannah writes.  It's a great book to get lost in but be prepared for some sad parts along with some human perseverance to feel good about.
The novel begins quite seductively ... bringing you into the storyline with such mystery you can't put it down.  Then somewhere between half and three quarters through, it becomes a cliché.  You start saying to yourself , "Sure, I saw that coming" as  It goes down the path of subhuman Nazis vs. heroic French Femme Fatales championing Jewish victims.  The finishing leaves you melancholy and meeting your quota of sadness for the year.<br/><br/>All in all, a fine Summer read but be prepared for the sadness of the past and the recognition of today's  haunting parallels.
Another excellent WWII book....much of it COULD be true and it all works to remind us again and again how destructive war can be.....which is the result of greed, man's inhumanity to man and total lack of faith and thankfulness for what our heavenly Father has created. How sad that instead of "taking" what others have and killing for it, we can't be unselfish enough to share without greed, lying and ALWAYS looking out for ourselves!!The unhappy toll that this family had to pay as a result of two wars is so sad....but, I KNOW people have paid this price over the years.
This is an amazing book, everyone should read it and review with themselves,  that war and the ability to lose ones rights and the outcome of a group of fanatics who take control could happen at anytime.  The points of view of the two sisters and how they react to the events surrounding them is handled with ease, but I found myself taking sides with understanding, not necessarily judgment. Truly one of the best books I have listened to in a long time.  It should be on everyone's  Book Club list, if only to create a discussion on "What would I do and How would I react"
This is one of those books that stayed with me for days after I had finished reading it.  In a time when so many of the popular books take place during WW2, this one offers a very different perspective.  The story of two sisters in France - one who was left behind in the French countryside but is nonetheless drawn into the horrors of the German occupation, and one who actively engages in the French resistance.  Kristin Hannah quickly draws the reader in, and develops the characters in a way that makes them real.  Not light-hearted, but still heart warming.  Hard to put down.
Everyday life during WWII was tough. We usually see how this relates to holocaust survivors, trying to escape and make their way through war-torn Europe. Clearly, it's horrible, never knowing where to turn or when you might get outed and shot. What makes this book different is that it gives us an in-depth view of the lives of everyday people (most non-Jewish) trying not to freeze to death in the midst of winter and trying not to starve when the food supply is meager to non-existent. The characters are well developed. It was a fast read with an unexpected surprise at the end.
After all of the historical fiction I have read about this horrific period of time, it is impossible to believe that an author could write in a way that made me feel like I was hearing this story for the very first time.  I cried hot tears, had to stop reading out of anger, could smell the baked goods, and could feel cold snow on my feet as they walked in the snow with no shoes. I wish this book could be read in every HS world history class on the planet.<br/>We need to continue to tell this story....we can never ever let ppl forget!! I am actually going to read it again!!
This was a great book. After a little slow start it kept me very interested. It was good at telling the story of women in the French Resistance through the experiences of two very different sisters. It was also excellent at exploring the relationship between the sisters. This book was discussed by our book club. Most readers gave it 5 stars and many stated that they had cried at some point during the book.There certainly were some very graphic scenes depicting the atrocities of the Nazi rule in France. While this story is fiction it is very true to the history of the time.
The Nightingale is an excellent historical fiction book about the occupation of France by the Nazis during WWII and the devastation it had on an entire country. It is a story of two sisters and the French underground. As always, when reading about the Holocaust the level of inhumanity to man is unimaginable and sad beyond words, but the sheer courage of people who risked their lives to save others during this awful time in our history is inspiring. Yes, I cried; yes it was an emotionally tough read; but, if you are interested in Holocaust literature I highly recommend it.
This book deserves five stars for being an unforgettable story. You become engulfed with all the emotion your main characters, Vianne and Isabelle, are experiencing, and you can't help but feel for these women that embody the struggle and determination to survive that real women of the war surely faced. I applaud the author for carrying through such a remarkable piece -- I felt connected to these women and my fiance being French and his grandmother surviving the Holocaust, it opened my eyes to realize that her survival has essentially helped shape my life and created his.
An amazing story of so many hero's during an unimaginable time in our history.
I loved this haunting story set in France during WWII, and in present-day USA.
I believe I've read all of Ms. Hannah's books and this one may be my favorite.
Altho I liked the story, it seemed very familiar.  I read another book, "Suite Francais"  by Irène Némirovsky and Sandra Smith which was so similar, it seemed this author had taken much of her story line from Nemirovsky's book.  Many of the scenes were exactly the same with minor changes.  "Suite Francais" was also fiction, but  the author actually experienced the German occupation of Paris in 1944, and was sent to her death in a Nazi death camp.  I feel the author of "The NIghtengale" did a disservice to Nemirovsky  by using so much of her story.
We chose The Nightingale as our selection for our book club recently.  Most of the women in our group said that this book was the type of novel that kept them reading well into the night, unable to put it aside, even for sleep.  Personally, I felt that the author's ability to credibly build each of the characters was key to keeping the reader engaged, chapter after chapter.  The Nightingale was so thought provoking that it inspired some of the most heartfelt conversations our book group has ever discussed.  This is a beautiful story of courage and love, not to be missed.
If I can give ten stars, I'd pay to give it ten stars.<br/>As the ending is reaching, the story sums up brilliantly. By the end of it, I realized tears running down my cheeks.<br/>This is my second book that I read with WWII (and base in France) background story. I don't think I can read another war related book this year again.<br/>I am so sick of what war has done to the innocent people and the irreparable consequences are just heartbreaking.<br/><br/>I know now what matters, and it is not what I have lost. It is my memories. Wounds heal. Love lasts. We remain.
The Nightngale was a hard and valuable book to read. Hannah's novels have greatly matured over the years and writing in a descriptive, depthful manner about two sisters and their lives and choices during WWII in occupied France is proof of that. The artful manner in which the characters personalities and unimaginable challenges were depicted in the Nightengale make it a valuable book to read as does the fact that Hannah does not shy away from the horror of the atrocities which everyday people participated in and lived through during that period of humanities history.
A terrific and thoroughly engaging story. At times reads like a memoir. Easy to visualize as a film. Characters are clearly depicted. A few times I felt there were continuity gaps in the storyline--events unfolding in a way that were jarring, not in sync with the rest. I don't mean this in terms of 'surprise twists and turns' but rather simple credibility in a story that is mostly so credible that it is easy to assume its authenticity. A fabric that gives life to the era and the steps toward selflessness, heroism, psychological changes that took place during the war.
This is a wonderful story about two sisters and the World at war around them. They each had struggles and burdens but their approach was different. So they found themselves fighting each other. Being a sister makes this a compelling story to me and the need for love, understanding and forgiveness was a central theme throughout. This is not a lighthearted story but a deeply troubling story about one of the darkest times in history that should never be forgotten or repeated.  It is also a story about impossible choices and the strong women who were forced to make them.
An absolutely captivating, beautifully written story of two sisters during WWII. And their bravery and dedication to their homeland and families. How many lives were saved due to the actions of women during this time? We don't hear of this. Now you will. I had to read slow. I gad to take it all in, and at the end I was breathless and crying.<br/>Kristin Hannah is one of my very favorite authors. I cannot say enough.<br/>Another one of her historical novels, Winter Street, is a favorite too.<br/>Nightingale will soon be a movie.<br/>Do yourselves a favor and read!
This was a beautiful story. The character descriptions were fantastic leaving me with a feeling of having entered other peoples' lives and living their lives alongside them.<br/>It was a different take on the second world war which made it intriguing and interesting. It was sad in a very beautiful way, specifically at the end. I finished the book on the plane and had to desperately hold in my tears( which was hard).<br/>It is an easy read.<br/>I can highly recommend this book to anyone who loves a good story. It will continue to live with you once it is complete.
Different from Kristin Hannah's usual books but outstanding!  Being the daughter of WWII vet who traveled through France in the fight to stop the Nazi's and having traveled to France myself over a dozen times, I could picture many of the places she writes of and I understand the destruction that took place there.  War is a terrible thing and this is made quite clear in this book.<br/><br/>This book bears some resemblance to Winter Garden which is set in Eastern Europe and whose main character is Jewish.  Both grapple with a serious topic and remarkable characters.
Highly recommend this book.  It was a real page turner.  I immediately cared about all the "good guys" in this book.  I have read many, many books about World War II and I really didn't want to read another one but someone in my book club recommended this book and I am so glad I listened to her.  It has adventure, romance, and action.  There are so many books that I have read where the author has the character say or do something that feels so phony that I feel this huge let down.  This did not happen with this book.  It was excellent from beginning to end.
Honestly, this is one of the best books I have ever read.  Reliving the lives of Kristin Hannah's characters in "The Nightingale" during WWII was very heartbreaking and difficult  It is horrifying to realize that this all happened because their Nazi leader Hitler, lied to them, again and again and the Jews wanted to desperately believe the "dream" they were being fed.  Could this happen in American?  Only if we are a nation of fools that elects representatives that are not truthful and those that will lie to us.  This is a thought provoking book.
6 stars! I don't typically review audiobooks, but The Nightingale was a story that demanded one. Kristin Hannah did an incredible job of transporting the reader to 1940s France. Vianne's and Isabelle's story was a beautiful and heartbreaking tale of family, war, sacrifice, hope, love, and the strength of the human spirit. I was memorized by their individual journeys as well as their journey as sisters. While the subject matter was difficult to read about at time, it was well worth the painful moment. This is a book that will stay with me for a long time to come.
Really enjoyed this book, it was a great read.  Sad and heart-wrenching in spots, but human spirit and courage shines through.  Without too much overdone pathos, it kept making me think about the adaptability of the human spirit and the strength we show in the worst of times.  Throughout the book I asked myself if I could deal with the deprivation, fear and cruelty of living in a war-time situation.  This is also a story about the mixed feelings and behavior of parents and siblings.  But there were bright spots, love despite conflict, and the ending was perfect.
First of all I did this book in narration. I often listen to audio versions while traveling. I don't know what was better for me, the story line by the Author or the narration by Polly Stone. She was fantastic. She took on all the parts, the children, the Germans and the French. It was so real, it was like listening to a play.  It was a story of 2 sisters, in the midst of World War II. Captivating, fast paced, detailed, much love and sadness. If you have never listened to a audio book, I recommend this one.. The reader to me was equal to the writer.  LOVED THIS!
I have read all of Kristin Hannah's books, and I always look forward to her easy, light stories. This was such a departure from her usual style!  The story line was rich and complicated with well-developed characters and the setting so well described that I was lost in WWII France myself. The historical narrative of the book was engrossing and well researched.  This book easily found its way into my top 10 all time favorites.  I will never again think of Kristin Hannah as another romance writer and  I look forward to her next novel as she is only getting better.
This is not a bad book but certainly not a great one either. The characters were cardboard cutouts --- the beautiful self sacrificing heroine,  the altruistic sister, the reliable but unremarkable husband, the brutal, sadistic Nazi psychopaths. Ho hum. The minor surprise at the end could not save the utter predictability of the story line. Further, the  jarring present day feminist agenda transported back to 1944 was also irritating in it's obvious pandering to current female readers
Outstanding perspective on day to day life in France under Nazi control.  Frightening.  Horrifying.  The characters are rich and complex, exhibiting vulnerability, weakness and unfathomable courage in the face of pure unadulterated evil.  If you are a Kristin Hannah fan, like I am, you might not even recognize her in this book.  She has truly emerged beyond what I believed she might be capable.  The writing is like nothing I have ever seen from her before.  It reminded me very much of Winter Garden, but it surpasses it in its depth and pure honesty.  Well done!
Wow, what a book this was, I devoured it.<br/>I laughed, I cried, and had my moments of unbelievable shock!! I could not or would not<br/> Put this book down, I was so into it. I loved Isabelle , she was so brave and strong and so<br/>Was vianne . Remarkable sisters to say the very<br/>Least. I will read this book again, it is by far my<br/>Favorite now. And to actually think a lot of it was true even though it was fictional  I have thought of nothing else since I've finished this book. And that is rare for me. I hope kristen writes more books like this!!!
Loved this book.  This is Kristin Hannah at her best. I enjoy books from this period as well. The bravery that so many showed in the underground networks and just making it through each day alive. I won't write a recap, enough people have done that so I wont' repeat it.<br/>I will however highly recommend this book, it is a wonderful read, one that I hated to put down. The story is lingering with me even after finishing<br/>a few days ago. I find myself wanting to return to the lives of each of the characters in this book.  Always a sign of a good book to me.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book - although the subject of World War II and the Nazis is always a heartbreaking subject. The characters are so real you do become to feel as though you know them.  This is the first Kristin Hannah book I have read and I am so glad I did.  One of the better books I've read in the last few months.  Didn't want to put it down and yet, when I finished it, I was sad it was the end of a very great reading experience. I also enjoyed reading The Plum Tree and this book is somewhat similar in nature to that book, which was also a great read.
I have read the negative reviews referring to the anachronisms, but that didn't bother me - nor did I even notice them.  I was focused on the story line, the development of the characters, the strength and resilience of the characters and how they handled the terrible things that happened to them. I also wanted to know what happened to these characters and who the sister was in the first chapter (never named until the end).  To me this was an emotional story and the author's descriptions brought up an emotional response in me (the mark of a good author IMHO).
When I started this book, I was hesitant only because I had already read three other books this summer that took place during this time period. I just didn't know if I could emotionally do another. I started it anyway. The characters were exquisite and as captivating as the story is horrifying. It is still, after all this time, so difficult to accept that evil exists to the extent that is documented during this war. It is through the hearts and stories of good people that we continue but it is because of these memories that we are able to say, "never again!"
This was the first book since Gone Girl that I could not put down. It is also the first book in a long time that made me cry (embarrassingly on an airplane journey for a business trip)<br/>Having studied this era, I found it to be relatively historically accurate. I understand that the author may have taken a few liberties to fit with her story, but that's what fiction is.  What is accurate is the backstory of the women behind the scenes in WWII,  who's courage and sacrifice really did help to bring about the end to this horrific war.  So many unsung heros.
Although I'm a HUGE fan of Kristin Hannah, I wasn't initially drawn to The Nightingale. Words can't describe how glad I am that I gave it a chance. Once I started the book, I couldn't put it down. As always, Hannah made me feel an instant connection to the characters and I felt like I was with Vianne and Isabelle every step of the way. The true facts that were integrated into the text were eye-opening, and as always the storyline had twists and an ending that certainly did not disappoint. This is now my FAVORITE Kristin Hannah book! Definitely a must-read!!!
I can not recall the last time I read a story that literally brought me to tears. The brave actions of so many people in the resistance movement during world war 2 need to be told. This is a story of fiction, yet, it is easy to believe these kinds of actions took place. Many people have gone on with their lives without acknowledgement of past heroics. I felt like I was in Paris as I read this novel. The author made me believe I was witnessing the story first hand. I would recommend this novel to anyone looking for a story that will grab you from the start.
If I could give it 10 stars I would.  The best book she has written. I got super involved in the characters and was trying to figure out whose point of view was she writing in the present time. It was so real and I got to the last three chapters and I was crying my eyes out and couldn't get what happened out of my mind. The story just sticks with you. Kristin writes so well and descriptive I would thing she was there. I heard they are making a movie based on the book and I hope they keep it true to the book. I will become a legend like Saving Private Ryan.
A wonderful book about two sisters in Occupied France during WWII. The sisters disagree on what they should do during the German occupation. One stays in her home village and cares for her child. The other works with the Resistance in Paris. The deprivation and depravities of war become greater and greater as the years go on. The sisters meet occasionally and cotinue to argue, unable to show their love for one another. This is a fast moving read and one that keeps the reader turning pages quickly. Kristin Hannah is at her best with this, her newest novel.
I have enjoyed many of Kristin Hannah's books but I think The Nightingale goes to the very top of the list.  It is a fascinating story of two sisters living in France during WWII.  It really brings home what it was like to be in France during that time.  I hadn't fully realized the hardships that had to be endured while the Germans were there.  I feel I have more of an understanding of what it was like while reading a story that was really difficult to put down.  One of the best books I've read in a long time.  I have recommended it to many of my friends.
This book had an excellent plot which takes place during a horrible time in history. The focus was one small town in France, and one family in particular. It brought to light the many roles women played during the Nazi Regime. In addition, the author showed how the Nazis preyed on all citizens of France, way beyond their despicable "ethnic cleansing". Everyone was ultimately considered prey in the name of Hitler. Through all the horror, Kristin Hannah is able to remind us that love brings strength and gives the potential for anyone  to be a hero.
I've read other books by this author, some good, some I've put down without finishing, but this one was riveting. I tend to avoid books about war and suffering, for many reasons, and so many of the ones I have read are dense, heavy and ponderous, often with unappealing characters. This book drew me in from the start and kept me emotionally involved until the very end. I can't vouch for the veracity of the historic details (although most seemed to fit with what I know), but Hannah did a good job of creating a world that felt authentic. Highly recommended.
THIS BOOK WILL STAY WITH ME FOR A LONG TIME AS THE CHARACTERS WERE SO BELIEVABLE, THE WRITING SO SUPERB AND THE DESCRIPTIONS OF THE LIFE OF TWO SISTERS WHO IN THEIR OWN WAY AND VERY DIFFERENT FROM EACH OTHER COPED WITH THE GERMAN OCCUPATION DURING WORLD WAR II.  HANNAH WROTE WITH SUCH DESCRIPTION OF EVERYTHING INCLUDING FEELINGS, LANDSCAPES, HOUSES, FOOD AND MOST OF ALL THE LIVING CONDITIONS THE PEOPLE OF FRANCE ENDURED, YOU HAD A CLEAR UNDERSTANDING OF IT ALL.  HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR HISTORY BUFFS AND  EVERYONE ELSE WHO APPRECIATES FINE WRITING.
I started reading this story without having read any reviews or having heard anything about it.  I was a little disconcerted after reading the first few paragraphs, thinking " oh no, not another sad and dreary tale of an old woman's memories".  I was very quickly transported from that impression into an incredibly told tale of love and war, pain and suffering, bravery and courage, and love and survival.  I do not have enough words to praise this book.  I can't remember reading one this good in a long, long time.  Thank you so much Kristin Hannah.
A perfect stranger @ a shopping center came up to me & said " You should read this book. It's a page-turner from the beginning." And is it ever! I too felt such a connection to the characters, the over-all message of the book, the writing style that it's still in my soul days later. I read it in one sitting:  lost sleep,red eyes, legs & back stiff as boards, & all well worth it. Thank you, Ms. Perfect Stranger! You were so right! Let me pass this message on: "You (too) should read this book. It is a page-turner from the beginning." Enjoy!
I fell in love with the book. I have never read Hannah's books before and was leary about reading it in the beginning. But once I started I could Not put it down. Ms. Hannah is a master of writing and plot. Her characters were realistic and believable! I loved how she used the two sisters format as way to show two different women of that time. That way she used inflections and nuances was masterful. It was not one of those silly little romance novels. It's a classic novel of depth and perception that is sure to be one to live beyond this time and place.
This book is closer to 3.5 stars.  It was well told, though a little repetitive in terms of the many mountain escapes.  It didn't pull any punches when it came to treatment of the French by the invading German army, nor should it have done so.  Of the sisters who were the book's narrators, I found Vianne's story line more compelling even though Isabelle's story line was the more harrowing and dramatic of the two.  I liked the introduction of mysterious (only revealed at the very end) older woman.  It was a good read and I would definitely recommend it.
Excellent.  I'm old enough to have a few memories of this time.  The days before TV, etc.  I can remember the newsreels at the movies of prisoners being released from concentration camps and their skeletal appearance.  I worked with a man whose wife was tortured and though she lived her mind was gone.  She was childlike.  Even if this is a novel, it is also truth.  My family lived with rationing, flattened tin cans, and built airplanes for the cause right here in the USA.  Just in case someone thinks I am a Jew, I am not.  Southern Baptist all my life.
As I finished the last page and wiped the tears from my eyes I wonder why more novels cannot be like this one. It has everything I love in a book...true heroes, a story that uplifts and teaches, and real grit, honesty and truth.  It is a story we should never forget...a shameful time in mankind's history.  However, in this era we meet unforgettable, awe inspiring people who teach us that through courage, tenacity, and strength we can overcome the very worse that life sends our way.  Thank you, Kristin Hannah, for touching my heart and for teaching me.
This book is nothing like the usual Kristin Hannah stories (which I love) but, it is so deep & beautiful and painful at the same time. I grew to love the characters and I would grab my book when I had a little time just to try and see how this story was progressing. Ms Hannah has done a wonderful job showing us the horrors of WWII and, yet the indestructible human spirit that prevailed in the face of such atrocities. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to laugh, cry and ultimately rejoice at the strength of the people who did not give up.
I loved this story it kept me engaged with every chapter. The complexed relationship between sister and the need to feel loved and to find love growing up with a father who lost the ability to show his love to his children after a life of loss. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a good ending after a war torn heart. Kristin Hannah delivers again. The cast of characters were such that I found myself feeling attached to their stories. Well done Kristin I look forward to you next story.<br/><br/>Frances Bonville<br/>Of visalia California
French population reactions to the German invasion and occupation of their homeland. Detailed<br/>fictional descriptions of residents of both Paris and other cities, as well as the villages and deep<br/>countryside. Examines actions of both those who sided with the Occupiers and those who sought<br/>to remove them. Tells the plight of those trying to escape for fear of losing their lives, i.e. Jews,<br/>homosexuals, Gypsies, etc. Not as detailed about the impact of the Holocaust on French Jews,<br/>as a lot of information is skirted or ignored.
This is one of the best books I've ever read.  Once started, it is very hard to put down.  Although it is a work of fiction, the history behind the story is very real, taking place in France while it was under the Nazi controlled Vichy government during World War 11.  The author does an excellent job creating full characters in her story that you come to care deeply about.  I also learned much more than I knew before about the Nazi occupation of France, because Ms. Hannah provided a carefully and well-researched history for the setting of her story.
This book helps us remember!  I have read many books about WWII.  I  visited Auschwitz and saw the sign the Nazis hung over the entrance "work will set you free",but this is the finest description and story I have ever read about the courage of two women --- sisters --- who lived through the horrors, torture and loss that was the war and dared to make a difference in the lives of the people God gave them to love in the darkest years of one of the darkest periods of our history.  If my grandchildren read one book about WWII, I want it to be this one!
This author NEVER disappoints! I am sad when her stories come to an end. My favorite book, (Im an avid reader - a book a day) is her Winter Garden. I have a hardcover, and for the first time, have bought copies for my adult children to read. In her books, behind the amazing stories and characters, is always a winding story of love. Who has it, who doesn't; who learns to embrace it, who fears it; and those whose lives are changed by it. Relevent and revealing for every human being that values their relationships, told with amazing clarity and grace.
I picked this book up on a whim expecting a good read but not expecting to fall in love. For years I believe that the highest give a book with that you couldn't put it down. But with The Nightingale I found that I didn't want to pick it up because I knew if I picked it up it would soon be over. The two storylines, the two sisters found their way into my heart leaving me shaking my head in frustration , holding my breathe in fear and crying in sympathy. I seldom want to go back and start a book again but this one I do I never want to leave a be it.
I was completely immersed in this book and am still caught in the emotions of the stories and lives shared. What an amazing portrayal of life, love, pain, strength, sacrifice, loss, suffering, bonding, coping, rebuilding, _____ through the stories of two sisters, their families, loved ones, friends, enemies and communities fighting for their own and others survival during WWII. This book provides rich details about the unbelievable atrocities of WWiI, the realities people faced and impacts left behind. Nightingale pulls you in and does not let go.
This book was a gift. I enjoyed the story but there were some annoying, even deplorable lapses in the quality of the writing / editing. The worst was using the words "fisting", "unfisting" and "fisted" to refer to the concept of clenching or unclenching one's fist. Good grief, doesn't anyone at the publishing house know what "fisting" is?<br/><br/>That said, the story was engaging, mostly plausible, and something near the end moved me to tears. I'd have given it five stars if the copy editing had been more alert.
There are many novels about the experience of the French during World War II. Many of them tell similar stories. Quite a few of them are forrmulaic,  about two sisters who were forced to deal with the Nazis, some of whom were actually human.  This story somehow tugs at the heart in a way that is simple and beautiful. It is also an introduction to the atrocities for those who have not read about the Holocaust, and contains some historical elements that are worth pursuing. It is difficult to put the book down, and it would make one heck of a movie.
Very good story. Informative about the French resistance. Many poignant moments, some romance, tear-jerker ending. My only complaint is that the dialogue, at times, was contemporary feeling; the characters did not sound like I would expect a French girl in the 1940s to speak. That particular issue improved as the book progressed.  We're not talking GREAT writing here, but very good writing, good story-telling and strong characters you come to know well.  This was my first book by Hannah. I'd read another of hers after having read The Nightingale.
A compelling narration of the lives of two very different young French sisters enduring Nazi occupation of France.  The younger, rebellious one takes an active role in undermining the Nazi's while the older simply endures to protect her family and friends.  A beautifully written story with effective character development and some surprising plot twists.  The ending is worth the wait and is one I will not soon forget.  Expect to experience an emotional roller coaster and shed more than a few tears along the way.  I can't recommend it more highly!
I have recently read quite a few historical fiction novels dealing with Europe during WWII, and although this one is not the extraordinary caliber of "All the Light We Cannot See" or "The Book Thief,"  it is a very well-written story from a different perspective, life in occupied France during WWII and a small part of the French resistance movement.  This was different for Kristin Hannah in the history portrayed in the novel, and yet the same author we know from her deep portrayals of relationships.  I highly recommend this book.
Fantastic!  I'm not knowledgeable enough about World War II to verify the historical accuracy in the novel.  That being said, it is an insanely enjoyable read - that characters are so deep that you can imagine them walking in your front door, and there is enough action to hold your interest, but not so much so that it becomes predictable.  I read this for about 30 minutes every night.  In some ways, it was easy enough to pick up right before going to sleep and at other times, I was nearly moved to tears.  A great balance - I highly recommend it.
As much as I try to avoid books about the Holocaust, I seem drawn to them, and this is one of the best I've ever read. I think that may be because I love survivor stories, and this is certainly one. It is definitely a 5 star read. Each character is well developed and the story becomes more and more intense as it unfolds. I loved the first chapter which introduces you to the main character in her life as it is now, and I loved the last chapter which wraps up her entire story. A beautiful piece of work about a horrible atrocity, yet full of hope.
I ended up really liking this book.  The story was wonderful, moving and memorable.  When I first started reading it, I was often disappointed with the way one character was introduced because I found her a bit unbelievable and the writer kept pushing me to believe.  In the end, I thought it was important to understand this character's personality to believe what she was able to accomplish.<br/><br/>It's a book about survival, perseverance and strength of character during WWII.  Without these individuals, the world would be a different place.
What an inspiring book.  When put to the test, will our best selves emerge?  Will we selflessly protect our children?  All the children?  Our generation has reaped the benefits of those that died protecting us, and we may be lucky enough never to know the answer to these questions....but we will always be grateful, and we will always hope that we will be our best selves.  I loved this book.  Both Isabelle and Vianne inspire us, and teach us that not only the bravest among us are heroes.  Each of us are called to do what we can, whenever we can.
Ordinarily I do not read books about the War .  This author writes in such a captivating and interesting manor I decided to read this.  She is one of my favorite authors.  I thought the story was well thought out and it held my attention.  The story was very heartfelt and told about the part of a war that I knew nothing about.  I learned a lot. I recommend this book highly for readers that are interested in reading about historical events even though it is fiction.  I appreciated the fact that the women's part during this horrible war was told.
Of all the books I have read about the suffering the Nazis caused, the story of these two sisters pierced my heart the most. The starvation, the fear, the pain was so well described that I felt the blistered feet and hunger and grief that so many bore during WWII.  The story is set in a village near German occupied Paris and chronicles the adventures of one sister who saved the lives of over a hundred American and British soldiers who were shot down over France and her seemingly timid sister who was a heroine in quieter ways. I loved this book.
The nightingale is one of the most moving books I've read... as I write this review, I am in tears. Although the story of how Jews were sent to concentration camps and ripped from their families and loved ones is nothing we are not aware of, Kristen Hannah's storyline is one that will pull you in and engulf you in the sadness and joy. I laughed, cried, and experienced every emotion I can think of reading this book. I applaud the author for this obvious gift and talent with words... what a beautiful yet sad picture you have painted... bravo*****
Extremely well written account of an aspect of World War II.  A must read!
This was an amazing story based on true events. I was sorry when it ended.
The Nightingale is a well written, informative, and hard to put down read.
I couldn't put this book down. I I consider myself quite an expert on the holocaust, and have read and studied so much on this subject. This book was not only unput down able but so heartwerenchingly written. Most importantly it is so completely based on fact and the horrors people went through during this heinous, devastating evil, period in human history, of Mans inhumanity to man.I highly recommend reading this book, for those who know about this horror in the history of the world, and for those who don't, this book will definitely educate!
Great character development and storytelling.  I was drawn in immediately and cared for these characters like family. Excellent story about powerful 'everyday' women under extreme duress who exhibited incredible courage, insight, and compassion for humanity during a time when men were considered the stronger sex. Their strength and resilience under soul crushing circumstances was truly inspiring. The risks they took to protect innocent children as well as the airmen sent to fight the battle against Germany, although terrifying, were so brave.
This book touched me deeply.  There are times I wanted to stop reading just because it was hurting my heart so much, but it is a story that needed to be told.  We know the horrific trials and death the men went through during World War 2, but this is a story of what the women experienced.  The Nightingale focuses on the lives of two French sisters.  Kristin Hannah's writing is raw, vivid and touching.  This is a book that will live with you for awhile.<br/><br/>I listened to the audible version of this book, I highly recommend this format.
The story, "The NIghtingale", shows what happens when a country such as  France loses the war and is occupied by Germany.  Two sisters are the main characters in this book.  They are both are faced with the evils of Nazi Germany.  The difficult moral choices each sister makes is a large part of "The NIghtingale's " story.. As a reader, I felt Kristin Hannah was very successful  at  showing the horrors of occupation during world war 11.  Another good book to read about moral choices during a war is "The Piano Teacher".
Kristin Hannah gives a voice to the mostly unknown heroes of World War II. Woven into this story are the lesser acknowledged casualties of war. The women left behind become the greatest heroes I can imagine. We care about them, hoping they survive knowing that so many didn't. Having read so many Holocaust and World War II books I really didn't know if this was a story that was simply being rewritten. But it was not. I know there must be so many of these kinds of stories. So many heroes and I'm so grateful to Kristin for giving them a voice.
Very tender, yet tormented, and moving saga that kept me thinking about it many days after I finished the book.  It was even more moving to me because, many years ago, I toured Dachau, the concentration camp outside Munich, and this book brought back those painful memories.  Read it for the message of courage and perseverance of women in times of deceit, destruction and death.  It is also a message of warning about what happens when we do not pay attention to the controls imposed on our freedom and liberty.  A.Klussman, California
I consider this a so-so book.  It may be more interesting to others who haven't read so many similar stories about France during it's occupation by Germany.  The writing was very good, good character developments and really, a good plot. Again, however, I have read several novels very similar to this so I wasn't that impressed with any of these characteristics of the novel. I probably would not recommend it to friends or family without first asking if they have read others with this plot theme. It was well written but just all too familiar.
Many readers don't want to hear or read anything more about the horrific evils committed by the Nazis- it makes us angry and desperate for answers- how can hate be so strong that men use it to justify horrendous and unbelievable atrocities, where was God when so many innocents died such cruel and heartbreaking deaths.  Like Doerr's "All The Light" the story continues to be told in a way that cannot escape our conscience.  It is hard to realize these events are real but we must remember them for our own sakes and that of future generations .
I really liked this book and its characters.  Note that I did not say that they were all "likable" - but they fit the book's story line perfectly.  It takes place primarily in France before, during and after WW II and comes from the very human side of this war.  If nothing else this book made me think about how I would react or manage if my way of life was suddenly turned upside down and just surviving the day became the way of life.  Would I step-up to the challenges or cower in the corner?<br/><br/>May I never have to find out.
I really loved this book.  I have been looking at a couple of Hannah's earlier novels and feel they do not have the depth and sophistication that this one has by far.  Weaving three stories at once -- the stories of two sisters during WW II in France, and of one them many years later at the end of her life in the USA, Hannah skillfully and rivetingly unfolds the drama, heartache and triumph of those working as resisters in the French underground as well as that of everyday citizens struggling to survive during the brutal German occupation.
Despite  reading about the Second World War (many sources over many, many years), I was unprepared for the losses suffered by the French people, especially those not actively fighting.  The increasing awareness by the main characters of the effects of the German occupation on "ordinary" French women, men, and children was very forcefully described.  Although this is a novel, I can well imagine what people endured in real life, and I have the greatest admiration for their perseverance in the face of seemingly impossible conditions.
Wow! This book was absolutely amazing!  While the characters are not real, many of the facts and dates of the World War II are. I was very educated through this book.. It was so well written and engaging, I was sucked in from the beginning and couldn't put it down.  This story is told through Vianne and Isabelle, sisters, BOTH were equally as fascinating.  I normally favor one person's story in a book over the other, however, I was fascinated with both of these women.  I loved Vianne and Sophie and Isabelle and Rachel and Sarah.  Amazing!
Kristin Hannah does an excellent job of weaving together a story of the lives of two estranged sisters and a dysfunctional father in France during WW II. She is adept at moving from to present to past and back without disrupting the story. The characters are believable and likable. The reader becomes a part of this family, cheering for each small victory and holding our breath at each defiant act toward the Nazis who have invaded their country, city, and now their family. A good heart-tugging love story full of suspense and pathos.
A bit of a slow start....seemed to be a little 'soap operaish' at first, but the author put us in the middle of what so many thousands had to have experienced in occupied France and once again provided a facet of the Nazi horrors that enlighten and need continuous retelling. There were some flaws in the story (e.g. the neighbor disappeared from the scenes for a surprisingly long period) but the value system that the various characters evidenced caused one to often question what they would have done had they been in that situation.
One of the best WWII books I have read in a long time.  The realities of the challenges of survival for civilians, much less active resistance within a small community is vividly brought to life, as is the notion that WWII began in the shadow of the Great War. The over simplified notion that people either collaborated or fought the Nazis is effectively dispelled.  Individuals coped with the hardships of life in occupied France, and the importance and dangers of love and family connections are beautifully highlighted.  A must read.
Nicely written, easy to follow story from the perspective of the French.
Once again Kristen Hannah has written a book that will remain with me forever.  I was deeply touched by WINTER GARDEN and knew I would remember it always not knowing HANNAH would give the gift of writing THE NIGHTINGALE so that I could cherish this novel as well.  Her poignant words paint a picture with more emotions than can be expressed.  Wars are cruel.  The endurance of the oppressed can't be truly felt until the NIGHTINGALE is read.  Many tears were shed as I read this novel.  I hope by reading it I become a stronger person.
This book was very easy to put down the first ten chapters or so.  During the first quarter of the book (maybe a little more) I found myself wondering how so many people could have rated this work a 5 star novel.  And then it happens . . . the characters start to take shape and you get sucked into their world, their tragedy . . . and ultimately, their triumphs.  It’s the kind of story that stays with you even after you’ve turned the last page.  Weeks later and I still think about it . . . so yes, highly worth each and every star.
Having just completed this exquisite novel, I am still reeling with amazing respect for Kristin Hannah. Her descriptions from the boarding school in Switzerland to the destruction of the once beautiful countryside of France cannot help but touch one's soul. An era that we should never forget. This is a novel that should be read by all and especially the generation today that looks upon that terrible time as too far back to matter. This book deserves recognition and many accolades. Thank you for sharing your talent with all of us.
This book kept me engaged from the first page--I wanted to find out what was going to happen.  The author gave clues at the beginning but not enough so that I knew exactly how it was going to end.  Definitely made me think, and could never wait to get back to reading.<br/><br/>I have read a lot of books about WWII, but the occupation of France did not play so heavily.  The author did great research and really piqued my interest.  I kept going on line to learn more about the Nazi's occupation of France, and Paris in particular.
When I began this book I thought 'oh, another WWII story', it seems like every contemporary book the past couple of years has either been looking to back WWII or forward to a pandemic and dystopia. The Nightingale is WWII and so much more. The last quarter touched a part of my life on a very personal level and helped me reconcile many unanswered questions regarding my father, who helped liberate the concentration camps and came home much like Julien Rosignol. This was my first Kristin Hannah book although definitely not my last.
Once I started this read, I had to finish it. I found myself up at the wee hours of the morning - caught up in the stories of these young women's heroing journey through WWII. The less than 5 star rating is due to back and forth first person storytelling between the characters. While necessary, it's always a bit jarring for me to be pulled from one character's perspective to the next. This movement between the characters becomes more fluid the further you read on into the book and you find yourself almost looking forward to it.
It's good to read a novel about the French Resistance during WWII, particularly one that focuses on women, but "The Nightingale" is not superior literature.  It seems to be written for a younger, less educated audience who need to be told what the Maginot Line was, who Petain was, who the groups targeted by the Nazis were, what French provincial houses look like, etc.  I'm no Harvard PhD but I l already know all this stuff.  For a more sophisticated novel about occupied France, try "All the Light We Cannot See."
I had never read anything by Kristin Hannah before, but I'm glad this was the first novel by her I picked up.  The Nightingale is a beautifully written, thoughtful historical novel set during World War II and told from the perspective of two sisters, Isabelle and Vianne.  It's a lovely story about the power and price of love in the face of terrible circumstances.<br/><br/>I won't go into a synopsis, as you can find that in other reviews.  But I will say it's a great page turner and definitely worth a read. Highly recommended.
A friend had told me this was one of her favorite books  ever.  I agree. I love everything Kristin Hannah has ever done with this one also being one of my favorites. It has it all; love, history , drama, suspense and sadness.  It really brings the reader to the frontline of France during the war years. It made my heart ache for what it must have been like to go from a beautiful simple life in the country to doing whatever is necessary to keep your family safe and alive.  I have a new appreciation and want to read WWll stories.
Best book I've read in a long time, and I'm still under its spell!!  Bringing to life the hardships, injustices and heartaches of two sisters in Germany occupied France, I fell in love with both of them for completely different reasons. It was difficult to read the final chapter through blurry tears, as the surprising revelation just broke my heart. Well researched, relatable characters, and intriguing plot are just some of the reasons this will always be one of my favorite books. I could feel the author's love for this story!
There are some reviewers who say the author wrote about women who could not have had the personalities depicted in this book. Also there were some word usages that didn't exist 75 years ago ( that criticism I agree with). As for the negative comments about the way women were portrayed I disagree. The fact is that there were women who played an important role in the French resistance & that does take a special type of person to do that - to go outside the socially accepted behavior of the day.  I thought the book was very good.
This book was WONDERFUL.  It was consistently engaging and always interesting.  It's all about what the French endured while occupied by Nazi Germany.  Although there were some lighter moments in the plot, this was often a difficult read for me, because the book deals with the painful subject of loss, and cruelty at it's very worst.  I plunged into this book.  I didn't do much else while reading it, and you know how that goes; you almost feel like you're there.  So be prepared... you're going to cry.<br/><br/>Eleanor Paquin
There's nothing like a book that you simply can't put down.  The Nightingale was a definite binge read that I never wanted to end. France during World War II and the complicity of the French police made this reminiscent of Tatiana de Rosnay's Sarah's Key.  In fact, Hannah credit de Rosnay with helping her with historic details.<br/>The characters are both admirable and frustrating by turns, and it leaves one with questions about how we would deal with similar situations of life, death, family ties, betrayal, and friendship.
Well written story of two sisters and their family as Nazis take over France during WWII.  Because you come to care about each of the characters it is sometimes hard to read about the physical and emotional traumas they endure.  It appears to be factually accurate in terms of what French people experienced so it was a history lesson as well as a human interest story.  This was a book that my book club members were anxious to talk about, both the story itself and their individual reactions to the narrative and the characters.
You would think we would tire of books and movies about WWII, but we eagerly devour them whenever they come out. Why? Because the times were so naturally dramatic, the setting lends itself so easily to story creation. That said, this story was still exceptional. It focused on the horrors alone, and not on the battles, but on the small, human details. Each sister goes through her own process of dealing with the world she finds at her door each day. It's not overly sentimental, and it keeps your attention throughout the read.
Excellent read...When studying World War II, we heard mostly about the battles, concentration camps in Germany and which countries were on which side of the huge conflict. I had never read or heard much about the occupation of France. This novel provided a stunning picture of that occupation and how difficult it was for families, especially women whose husbands were soldiers, in the fighting, prisoners of war, or already dead. I often stayed up until 1 a.m. reading, as I couldn't put the book down after just a few chapters.
This book was incredibly engaging as the author helped the reader to enter into the two sisters' lives during World War II in France, alternating between them.  This was a real page-turner for me.  I never knew what was coming next.  Lots of suspense and insight into the lives of people in France during this war.  Tough stuff!  But probably very true to the facts.  Also, great title, as it relates to the character of one sister and the family name of the two sisters and their father.  Beautifully human and tragically human!
This is only the second book I gave 5 stars too.  While not a happy book, it is a tale of survival, courage, the human spirit  and love. It is the story of two sisters who couldn't be more different and how they survived WW2 during Nazi occupied France.  Both were survivors but in completely different ways.  This was such a readable story and what admiration I had for them both which was not always apparent right away.  Cried throughout the book for many reasons.  A very emotional book.  One of the best I've read in years.
I would give this book 5 stars but for the fact it starts out slow.  At first, I wasn't sure I'd like it for this reason.  However, the further I read, the more the book became very enjoyable.  So much has been written about WW2, so I liked the fact it ventures into an area of how "civilians" participated each in their own way to defeat the Germans.  It took a lot of bravery to do what these two sisters did.  I won't go into the characters, plot, etc.  Others have already done this.  My suggestion:  I recommend it.
It was one of the best books I have read recently. I read mostly during my lunch hour, this gives me a chance to really get to know the characters, they are like lunch dates, telling me what has happen to the since the last time we were last together.  My heart ached for some of the things they went through and it also makes me great full for living in our time and for living in this country under the flag of freedom. But for how much longer, I wonder.  I was please with the ending, but as any other reader, I wanted more.
Enjoyed reading this book, and was moved to tears at the end, but then I am sentimental.  Found the characters interesting, and overall plot kept me turning the pages.  There were some inaccuracies such as on page 253, when Vianne walked "past a hummingbird hovering at the roses..."  Hummingbirds are only found in North and South America, not in the Old World.  Minor detail I know, but still a little jarring.  However, I still intend to get another of this author's book from the library and see how that compares.
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time!  It is very well researched and Kristin Hannah did an amazing job bringing characters and scenery to life.  It is all so easy, if not horrifying, to picture.  It is gritty, heartwarming, horrific and so very true to life.  It really brings home the horrors of WW2 and the Third Reich's atrocities.  Even though you know ultimately that good will win over evil, it's still such a relief when Hitler is defeated and the French set free from their tyranny and oppression.
As the daughter of WWII veteran who lost a limb in Germany,  I find it interesting to read about the war from point of view of the people who lived through the Nazi occupation.<br/><br/>While I enjoyed the story,  I found the story of the sister who kept escaping boarding schools, and becoming the Nightingale somewhat unbelievable.  Based upon what my father and others who lived through that time have said,  she never would have been able to operate that long without coming under the scrutiny and arrest of the Nazis.
An excellent book.  I could not put it down.  I loved the way the author brought the past and the present together.  She made the characters so real!  This is one of my favorite books about the German invasion of France.  Most of the action took place in the countryside of France and how the people, especially the women, who were left on the Homefront, while their men were fighting.  She delved into the French Resistance movement with wonderful,  courageous characters.  I was in tears reading the last part of the book.
If you like a historical novel, this is the book for you.  It is the story of France during World War II, and the conditions and trials and tribulations the loyal French had to endure. It is also a love story of two estranged sisters and how they each play a part in surviving and helping others to survive.  Ms. Hannah most definitely did a lot of research for this book since she gave us a new perspective on what the French women left at home had to endure and their unimaginable circumstances. Bravo!! Loved the book!!
The Nightingale was not the first book I have read about the Nazi occupation of France during WWII.  This book was very well written, I thought, and I cried a few times as she wrapped up the story.  These brave souls who fought to survive under such difficult circumstances were heroes in so many ways! The cold, the hunger, the terror of every day life is unreal to us today, living in this country.  I don't understand why the French are so intolerant of Americans now, when we came in and rescued them at the War's end!
I read the book in two evenings and loved it even though it involved the horrible evils of the Nazi destruction of European Jews and the occupation of France and the suffering of its civilians. It is a book that I will always remember - the characters were so well drawn and believable. The two sisters were both heroes in their own way and yet had flaws in their characters. I highly recommend the book. It was a very moving story - although fiction, it is based on historical events that are still so hard to comprehend.
This is a novel about the impact of war on the wives, sisters, children and all the other people left behind to keep<br/>their homes and some sense of normalcy during horrific events beyond their control. How does anyone survive and maintain the<br/>basic human spirit in the midst of such awful cruelty? Two sisters try in their own way to survive. Each one thinking the other is the<br/>better person. Love helps them see beyond the day to day suffering and allows them to come out of the darkness. A powerful story.
As always, Kristin Hannah captures the reader in the first few pages of her novels. The Nightingale was no exception!  As a reenactorof the American Civil War, I has studied the women whose husbands were fighting in this war and admired their strength, particularly the women of the south. Now I realize, in my opinion, they pale in comparison to the women of occupied Europe during WWII. I love the strong women characters Kristin Hannah creates in her novels. The Nightingale has become my favorite Kristin Hannah book.
There are so many novels about WW II.  This had a good enough story...
This is a very personal book and I would recommend it only by the star five rating.  I cried my eyes out because that is the way I am.  I am always looking for love and acceptance but more than that, love me as I am not as you want me to be.  I could never be as courageous as Isobel and Vivanne.  I would like to be stronger but I know myself better than that.  I enjoyed every word of your novel......  Thank you for your insight and sharing with us readers.  At our Bookclub I am giving your work a TEN.  Judy Chapple
A superb book telling the stories of two sisters who are different but extremely brave in different ways. Set in occupied France in the Second World War it tells of bravery that saves many lives in  an environment where giving a wrong answer, or even asking the wrong question, can have life ending consequences. Tested against other research, and secondhand accounts from friends who had relations face the same situations, this is a REAL story told through the eyes of one who is a mother and one who is a Nightingale.
I was riveted to the story.  I lived as a teenager during WW2 and knew terrible things happened but was not aware of what was happening to the ordinary family from day to day.  Nor did I know how brutal the German occupation was, especially when the SS became involved. France truly lived through very difficult times...but many true heroes of the French underground worked secretly to help turn things around.  The writing was outstanding--the plot well developed and the outcome exactly appropriate.  I loved the book.
The Nightingale is a well written historical fiction novel centered during the time period before and during World War II.  The novel was well researched, and the characters authentic and well developed.  This is the first time I have read a Kristin Hannah novel and I will definitely read more of her work.  The story is a tale of endurance, perseverance, sacrifice, and courage in the face of pain and terror.  Yes, this book does show how, in war, a person finds out who they truly are.  I highly recommend!  5 stars
A well told story of two sisters who, at first, take on the task of surviving the occupation of France in different ways but eventually become active participants in combatting the Nazi's goals. The story is told in a manner which causes the reader to closely identify with the characters and bless the heavens that we live in a different era, a different place than France during the Nazi occupation.<br/>We quickly become personally involved and the novel proves to be one of those impossible to put down once begun.
a fictional story of 2 sisters told against the back drop of WWII in France. Very interesting contrasts between 2 sisters and many twists and turns along the way.  I read this book a week ago and I'm still thinking about it.  Seemed a little rushed at the end as if the author didn't want it to go on much longer but all in all worth the read.  Really would have rated it at 4 1/2 stars if given a choice.  For you guys out there, not just for chicks - great character development and enough action to keep you engaged.
It was good but, it kind of went on and on.  Repeating over and over.
I love the stories of the two sisters as they deal with the war in their own ways.  I was hooked at the beginning and it held my attention right until the end.  The author did a nice job of developing the characters throughout the book, I became very attached to a few of them by the end.  I have already recommended this book to a number of my friends and would read it again in a heartbeat.  It put me into occupied France during World War II and had my heart aching for how true to life this book probably was.
This was purchased as a gift for my wife.  She was so moved by it, she kept talking about it and giving me excerpts from it.  I normally read very little fiction, but because of my wife's enjoyment and excitement about it, I did read a good deal of this book myself.  I must say that it is an excellent story (takes place in France during the Nazi occupation in WWII), well researched, and very moving.  It is easy to see why Kristen Hannah has such a loyal following.  In my opinion, she is a very gifted writer.
I have read all of Kristin Hannah's books and loved each one.  This is best book she has written.  The characters are beautifully crafted and the story well told.  The minute I started to read this book I was enthralled.  Plan on spending every free moment with this book until you finish it and then prepare to recommend it to all your friends.  Thanks Kristin Hannah for a thoroughly enjoyable read!  Best book I have read all year!
I don't often leave five stars, but this one went above and beyond.  This is the story of a family living in France during the German occupation in WWII.  Their once gentle life quickly becomes a nightmare and the things they must do in order to survive will break your heart.  Heartrending and harrowing, this story will grab you up  and toss you around for a good, long while.  And in the midst of it all, Hannah injects hope and love.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough.  Five stars... and then some!
From the moment I started reading, Ms. Hannah took me back to that awful place in history where I could look at things from a truly unique perspective.  I lived and died with her characters and also felt the elation and desperation in all of their lives.  The book points out, it is not always the grand gestures but sometimes it is in the smallest details that resolve conflicts.  I would highly recommend this book to any person that is interested in great literature.  This novel will stand the test of time!
My husband and I both read this book, We both had the same reaction at the end [which I won't give away ] A thoughtful b ut<br/><br/>My husband and I both had the same strong reaction at the end [ I won't say what in order not to give it away ]. This book reads like a true story and one can't  put it down. The Nightingale is not a bird, though, and it was named erroniously I felt. Most men would think this a "a women's book" by just seeing the title. It is not.I strongly recommend<br/>this book.
I absolutely LOVED this book!!!!..I couldn't put it down, and yet, I hated to see it end...It is one of those rare gems that will live on in your heart and mind for a very long time..I will miss Vianne and Isabelle and it will be hard to move on to my next book without comparing it to "The Nightingale."  I would give it 10 stars, if I could..I hope Kristin Hannah writes more books with an historical subject...She certainly did an excellent job with this one...Thank you Kristin for a fabulous read..
What a wonderful book....I just finished and I'm bawling my eyes out. Hannah has a way of bringing you right into the story and feeling like you know the characters. My father loved history, was in WW II in the Navy and ended up being a history teacher and got his Master's degree. I wish he was here so I could discuss this book with him. I would recommend The Nightingale to everyone! I have read almost all of Kristin's books and loved them. This book is her best yet and I will remember it for a long time.
Absolutely loved this book. Emotional, inspiring, thought provoking, intriguing and so much more. The characters and places were so vivid.  The storyline was of two sisters and the directions their lives took during the most tragic inhumane war ever. The harsh realities, the struggle to survive and the efforts to assist and protect.  The author had me wondering till the very end about one thing but no spoiler here. It is rare that I give a book 5 stars but there is no doubt about this one. Excellent Read.
The Nightingale is a compelling read that tells the story of courageous, ordinary people during an unimaginable period of time.<br/>I have met several WWII pilots over the years that owed their lives to the brave resistance fighters of France. This story is as close to the reality as I have seen. As you read the description of the brutality of the Nazis you find yourself saying surely this could not have happened. But it did indeed.<br/>If you want an escape to this era of history read the Nightingale.
Once again Kristen Hannah has written a story that is compelling with in depth characters.  It is often hard to read about the atrocities that occurred in occupied France, but they were real.  The two sisters had a complicated relationship which brought them to life.  It is amazing to think about the Resistance during WWII and the danger they willingly faced to keep their country from becoming a part of the Third Reich.  This is a must read for all Kristen Hannah fans and those who would become her fans.
This was an incredibly moving story.  The story was both touching and so realistic that I thought that Kristin Hannah was French with first-hand knowledge of the events she spoke of.  During the book many times I had to leave my kindle and give my emotions a chance to return to reality.  I will not write anything other than my reaction to this book as so many others have done that for me.  This was truly one of the great novels to illustrate the cruelty and disregard that was shown by the Germans in WW2.
This is Kristin Hannah at her best.  I am a retired history teacher.  Ms. Hannah showed me a history I didn't know.  The characters are so real that I want to talk to them; the women so strong, I want to be them; the war so real, I don't want to be there. This is a book that exposes how inhumanity of war can bring out humanity in some.  This is a book that proves the adage that "Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." Read this book so we don't repeat the ugliness of WWII.
Simply a wonderful novel. I am familiar with World War II through the Jewish perspective. But never before did I read a novel that focused on other war time heroes such as the French sisters - sisters who were polar opposites but had one thing in common. I appreciated the realness of the historical aspect and how well Hannah intertwined all the characters and their stories. I couldn't and wouldn't change anything about the ending, as much as it made me cry. It is realistic and came together full circle.
The Nightingale weaved a most beautiful tale of two sisters who each in their own way fought to save men, women and children in France during the Nazi occupation.  Although stories of this horrific time have been shared previously, The Nightingale spotlights a story that is rarely told, the selfless woman that risked all in order to save others.  As the author states. after the war, they again put aside their own needs, scars, and trauma to simply get on with life.  Inspirational and a bittersweet read.
Nightingale is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  Kristin Hannah made you feel the disconnection between the sisters; Showed you life before, during, and after the war. Made you feel the love/hate relationship between the two sisters. Engaged in the hatred that the Nazis felt for the Jewish people.  It was a sad story, but a story that was told to perfection.  I would recommend this for high-school reading. It's an education for today's children; to know what happened during World War II.
Wonderful book. Could not put it down  I would recommend it highly .
Beautiful and moving story about the power of love to overcome incredible tragedy. The author brings these compelling characters to life in a vivid portrayal of the hardships of the war.I had been reluctant to read this book, as I have been disappointed in the past when favorite authors try a different genre. I am so glad that I finally read this. Hannah brings her talent for richly developed characters grappling with powerful family dynamics into a very different, but deftly woven historical context.
There have been many novels with this same theme, but the characters seemed real and the writing exquisite.  I have been in rural France on extended vacations and felt that the author took me there again.  The sheer terror of living in a Nazi occupied France comes through loud and clear, as you take your life in your hands everyday, just living.  The heroism of the two sisters is a theme that is very credible, as the brave people of France fought for their country against this evil enemy.  Great read!
This is a very well written story about two sisters, who live in France during the German Occupation in WWll. It is an excellent Book Club choice because the discussion continues...  We were all brought to tears at different times while reading this book ... and continue to share thoughts about the characters and events.  The German mindset was the same as today's ISIS mindset - world domination. Current events are unthinkable to civilized people.  Is history repeating?  That is a very scary thought.
I read this book after "All the Light We cannot see" by Anthony Doerr. That was unfortunate because I think that this is a very good book and very enlightening about different aspects, locations, roles and perspectives of WWll. But Anthony Doerr's writing was so good that this brought down my rating in comparison. Highly recommend it, though, for people who are fascinated by the era and the survival instincts and the strengths and weakness of the people who lived (and didn't live) through it.
Kristin Hannah has produced a great insight into the role of women and the French Resistance groups in World War II.  At the beginning of the book, I was not sure that I would like it.  Isabelle is quite immature, selfish and unrealistic.  As the story progresses, the characters become more defined.  The wonderful research that went into this shows how much of France despised Hitler, but also shares the link of Frenchmen turning on their own neighbors.  The bravery of the Resistance is unparalleled..
But needed to see how everything would come together. Such a powerful story and a must read for anyone who enjoys historical fiction. So many stories about WW2 and the holocaust but this focuses on what the France and how the small towns and the people were affected and what they did to fight. Great reads from to start to finish! To see how these characters lived the rest of their lives with the memories from the war and how these individuals were bonded from their experiences and what they overcame
Nicely done page turner but no lasting literary value. Reads a bit like a romance novel but strong if formulaic feminist plot line for heroine...brave and fearless but of course, a selfish handful as strong women are usually portrayed and predictably she has to die in the arms of her long lost lover..tiresome and uninspired ending. There was also a lost opportunity to do something creative with the half way decent German soldier character. But I did enjoy this very much and read it straight through.
A story that takes hold of you from the beginning to the end, the first page to the very last page but it does not stop there. This story stays with the reader long after you finish..<br/>Remarkable!! The research done to write this story, the knowledge to develope this story is remarkable. I will always remember this story and consider it as one of the best I have ever read.<br/>I recommend this story to anyone and everyone.<br/>Thank you Kristin Hannah, ready to start another one of your books.
I bought this book because it had such a high rating by a very large number of people.  It isn't often so many read a book, let alone review it and agree on it's merits. It turned out - It is that good!  This is my first Kristin Hannah book but won't be the last.  The book is well written with great characters and really interesting story lines.  I was into it right away and finished in just over a day with tears in my eyes.  For those holding out for lower price I would say it is worth the splurge.
A thoroughly engaging, very satisfying read. The writing is both beautiful and non-obtrusive so that the story seems carried completely by characters we come to care about very deeply. The story is told in such a way that we're able to "go through" terribly disturbing events with the characters, but without any sensationalism or gratuitous violence.  Beyond the characters, this book also offers a thoughtful and riveting look of the very real war lived by the women who were on the homefront.
This book was recommended to me by a friend because the book was hard to put down.  It is one of the most haunting stories I have ever read.  I have heard that there was a resistance movement in France during World War II and the group used the code name "Nightingale". I don't know if this book is about that specific group or just the name the author chose to use.  However, if you are interested in how things were in France during the Nazi occupation read this book.  It will open your eyes!
What a fantastic story! I loved everything about it. This was a long book but well worth it and actually I wish it just kept going. I had so many emotions reading this story about the German invasion into France and how so many people were affected. This was so thorough about what happened to every person in the book. Hannah's writing is so easy to read. I could picture every nuance, landscape, emotions, etc. This one will stay with me for some time. Tears of joy, tears of sorrow, tears for it all.
I could read 20 non-fiction books about France during WWII, and not understand an eighth of what I felt while listening to The Nightingale.  To read that there were dire food shortages is one thing, but to  feel that I was there, is another thing entirely.  My father was in the war and he like Vienne, never spoke of it.  If I do nothing else, everyday, I will be thankful that there were so many amazing people in that war.  I cannot imagine, if Hitler had won, what the world would be like today.
The Nightingale is one of the best books I have read in a long time. She tells the story of a family broken by an earlier war and the death of the mother. Each member of this family will subsequently play a pivotal role in the struggle against the Nazis who have invaded France in World War II. It is a story of resistance, courage, fidelity, love, guilt, unspeakable cruelty, and difficult choices. Hannah's writing draws the reader deeply into the lives of the characters. I could not put it down.
I've read The Nightingale 3 times now, twice for book club selections and have cried every time.  The first chapter leads you to the suspense of the last chapter and keeps you guessing through out.  The characters brought out strong emotions in me.  I alternately loved and hated them for their reactions to what life during WWII threw at them. Also learned quite a bit about the history of France during the war with the added benefit of hearing it from a woman's point of view. It's a great read!
I love any book Kristin Hannah writes! She is my all-time favorite author. This book steps away from the current books she has been writing. A historical fiction, but well written as she has done so successfully. Her characterization of the people are well described. I like her creativity, however, I prefer her characters and stories that are current in our present. You will not be disappointed in reading this book. Obviously, Kristin is branching out and I look forward to seeing what is next.
I loved this story. Many of the scenes were foreshadowed, but that didn't take away from the heart wrenching impact of reading the story. Some time lapses were a little contrived, but that is a trivial matter in such an important story. Not that the Germans need sympathy, but it was reassuring to see that some German officers could uphold the code of being a gentleman. While the SS were depicted as evil as history has confirmed them to be. This story will draw you in and not easily let you go.
The Nightingdale is one of the best books I have read. I loved it, and had a hard time putting it down. A great family story in a heartbreaking time of war. An in depth love story through generations. A story of war and all its sorrows and challenges. Ethical decisions - often impossible - made under duress. The author captured the characters and the time. My family by marriage lived in France during the time Germans overran the country. I have heard the true stories which felt real here also.
I have read hundreds of good books over the years and have never felt compelled enough to write a review until I read Kristin Hannah's The Nightingale. The story of Vianne and Isabelle is deeply moving and at times even haunting. Hannah does a remarkable job at invoking the reader to think about the world and all the things human beings are capable of, both good and bad, in order to survive. The Nightingale is a beautiful work that will touch the reader and stay with them for a very long time.
I became very involved in the story of the 2 French sisters during WWII.  Their personalities were very different and they had their own ways of addressing the Nazi invasion.  The story really held my interest, in fact I couldn't put it down, until it dealt with the extremely harsh realities of the Nazi treatment of the Jews.  I had to take a break for a couple of days but did go back and finish the book because the story was compelling.  The ending was beautiful and brought tears to my eyes.
This is the best book I have read in a while!  It was interesting from start to finish and really showed some of the roles woman played during the Nazi takeover of France.  It opened my eyes to how the regular towns people were treated by the Nazi's, not something I thought about before this book.  This story of two sisters had its charm and a lot of action that kept the story line exciting.  The ending was excellent and left me in tears.  I have been recommending this book to everyone I see.
Though here are so many books which deal with WWII, this one, this one came from a different perspective - that of French civilians caught in the position of feeling the betrayal of their own countrymen and the Vichy Government, which left them horrible choices at every turn....Like her novel "Homecoming," the reader comes away with an understanding of another war and how it compels us to do things we would never do in other circumstances....I will remember this one as a standout....
I read this as part of my monthly bookclub. The books so far have been "meh" with me forcing myself to finish them. This however had me riveted and I couldn't put it down!<br/><br/>The writing, the characters, the history - all mesmerizing. Love in so many forms: romantic, familial, patriotic, of self, and all humanity.<br/><br/>Complex characters with light and dark. Survival, generosity and grace.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor - block out a weekend and read this book!
This was one of her best books, having read all of them. It is thought provoking and presents a realistic yet hopeful overview of the persecution of Jews in Germany. I have often avoided reading about this period, however once I picked up this book, could not put it down. It is riveting and very well written. It brings a very humanistic view to all of the tragedies of that time.<br/>I think it is worthwhile reading, however not for the faint of heart.<br/>5 Stars all of the way!!!
I've read just about every book written by Kristin Hannah and The Nightingale is one of the best.  She is a masterful story teller and writes in such a way that I become a part of the tale.  I see the scenery she describes, I feel the emotions of her characters and am totally captivated.  The Nightingale is a powerful story of a French woman and her family during World War II.  You might think this is a subject that does not appeal to you but read the book and you will be surprised.
"Love has to be stronger than hate or there's no future for us."  This book reminded me that the people of this world are never far from descending into a hell of our own making.  This story is about surviving the terrible things that Germany inflicted upon the French people.  By changing it to reflect current wars and atrocities, this world is on the brink of creating hell all over again.  I pray God will help prepare us to deal with the evil in the world right now.<br/><br/>  us
Good fictional recount of the impact of the Nazi regime on France.  Most do not realize how deeply France was impacted, and how many Jews were sent to concentration camps and subject to the same type of treatment as the Polish population.  It was somewhat predictable; however, the telling of "The Nightingale" and the role that she played in saving multiple airmen that landed in France is poignant.  This is truly a story of courage surpassing despair, and hope that triumphs.
This is the best book that I have read about WWII.  I read this for my monthly book club.  I learned a lot and enjoyed the story.  I had no idea about most of the details of their everyday life.  It is a little slow in the first 10% but hard to put down after that.  Stay with it.  It was very emotional.  I feel that I am changed after reading this.  I am more thankful for what I have (food everywhere), where I live, the freedom we enjoy in the US.  Just makes me very very thankful.
Great Book!  This is the first book I have cried reading in many years!  Tears of sadness and happiness.  Wonderful story that gives you a different perspective of World War II.  It highlights how ordinary people (in this story every day citizens of France) not only survive the War but how they supported the allied movement.  It certainly made me appreciate everything we have for my family and our nation.  I find myself still thinking about the book and I finished it two weeks ago.
This book was amazing from start to finish. I literally cried at the end. While it could be seen as predictable, the writing was so good, the characters amazing that I didn't really care. It was only predictable in terms of what we know, and can assume happened during the war. The split between the sisters was heart wrenching, and the hardship they had to endure is unbearable. I would highly recommend this book. Be prepared for up and down emotional reading, and grab your tissues.
This book offers a different point of view of World War II (at least to me) as the story takes place in France and is about two sisters and what they do during the war.  This makes the story human and interesting.  Both characters are real and their suffering is real.  Though "The Nightingale" is a work of fiction, I don't doubt that what takes place really occurred.  I mean each event happened to someone if not just to one or two people as depicted in this well-done book.
First half of the book drew me in with the characters and situations, but by the time the book is over, one feels as if Hannah thought she had to cover the entire spectrum of WWII horrors.  The parallel characters of two sisters works well, but Hannah should have given one's roll a lighter touch.  Both sisters suffer in the extreme, which undeniably happened, but for fiction it is too much angst to take both lives to the limits of misery just to cover the gamut of WWII atrocities.
I was impressed with the good reviews but then underwhelmed when I started reading. Luckily I stuck it through because the second half of the book is decidedly better than the first half. That being said, this book can be incredibly sad at times. There was just a bit too much unrequited love for comfort, but I suppose good books aren't meant to be merely comfortable reads. I would say I'm divided between 3.5 and 4 stars on this one. I thought it above average, but not spectacular.
I LOVE to read, but live a hugely busy life. It gets more complicated upon that rare occasion when a book is so captivating, so enthralling, that it is impossible to walk away. With only definitive hours in a day, something has to give. For me, that was sleep! And it was worth every sacrificed minute. This book was the grand slam home run. Kristin Hannah always delivers, but this time, she exceeded my wildest expectations and I would bet, maybe hers, as well. MUST MUST MUST read!!
I was completely engrossed in this book.  I will never forget it, or the brilliant depiction of the hardships of the French people during WW II.  Vianne and Isobel are all women everywhere whose lives are in the shadow and the horror of war.  The survivors. The heart and strength of families and communities. When men are finished with hatred and destruction, the women pick up the pieces and rebuild life.  Could I be so strong ? I hope I never have to face  such trials to find out.
A tale of survival and ingenuity during challenging times; war, hunger, love, misunderstandings, hope, faith and much more...... a tale of how war effected an entire family and the subsequent changes each person experienced.  The characters were well developed and I imagine an accurate rendition of what people did to survive the Nazi regime.  Loved each characters unique experience.  This is one of my favorite authors and I waited patiently for this novel - it did not disappoint.
From the very beginning this book brings you into its characters.<br/>Each character intertwined with one another magically .<br/>Papa who you may not have liked had a story of his own.<br/>Isabelle and Vivian sisters who needed each other but did not know how to extend themselves . War times are terrible and hurtful to families.<br/>This novel is fast reading and very interesting.<br/>I know if you begin reading it you will have trouble putting it down until you finish it.
This is my favorite book that I have read this summer - I usually don't like WW11 stores but this was such a well developed story about 2 sisters and the trials and hardships of the war that I loved it.  This is the first book I have read by Kristin Hannah but have already started another book by her and loving it too,.  Will surely be a reader of her well written books.  I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a love story, history story, and a heart warming conclusion.
I really enjoyed to book and it was very interesting to see how the women handled the war. The sisters were very different but both risked their lives to help others to survive. They suffered greatly, cold, hunger, deprivation and fear for their life. They lost many loved ones and friends. But they survived and went on to live their lives and put it all behind them but never forgotten. This is the first book i have read by this author but i intend to read others she has written.
This is a story of WWII France, of the French Resistance and the brave people who worked to save downed Allied Airmen and Jewish children.  It is hard to read in places, especially if you are old enough to remember that war, showing the cruelty that can be inflected by one human being upon another.  At the same time this story also faces the reality that there were good and bad people on both sides of the fence caught up in events over which they had no control.  Excellent read.
It is a great book, worth to spending time . I learned a lot from this reading. The main characters are vividly pictured,  as much as the suffering of the civilians in France  during the WW 2 and courage of the resistance of the underground. Today  it is an important remainder to the world what kind of danger war can bring. It's also shows how vulnerable are Jewish people , especially ,in war times. They're always the first target for distraction and betray.<br/>Faina Vaynerman
The story of sisters living in Nazi occupied France during WW II who are as different as sisters can be. One sister is gentle, loving, hopeful and trusting, the other is rebellious, fearless, angry and haunted. As you read what they must do and what they feel called to do to survive and endure during this horrific time in history, you come to know them and see each of their perceived strengths take them to the brink of failure and their perceived weaknesses save and redeem them.
So much storytelling from war centers on the lives of men--the boys, the soldiers, the officers and politicians. What is happening with the other half of the population? It was refreshing and lovely and terrible to experience this WWII story which focuses on 2 sisters in France.  The details of village life under Nazi occupation--the fear and starvation and deprivation--were depicted in a real way that seemed accurate and unflinching but not melodramatic.  Great read.
If you're into historical fiction, this is the novel for you.  Being a teen here in the U.S. during the war, our only hardship was the rationing of certain foods, gasoline, etc.  We'd have practice bomb raids in school, but that was about it.  This novel takes you to occupied area of France during the war, and I was captivated the entire time, thinking things would surely get better for the residents of this little French village; instead, they continued to get worse.
Every page was fascinating while creating a picture of France and the Parisians during World War 2.  A well told story about the brave and heroic people who suffered directly under Hitler's regime ,yet managed to keep their humanity intact.  This Is not a history lesson, but is a Poignant tale of deep love between family,friends,and lovers in one of the most harrowing times that the world will ever know.  Incredibly moving and should be required reading in High School
Difficult to put down!  If I weren't the daughter of a woman Sophie's age who lived through a Nazi occupation of her village with one billeted at her home in France, I would have said this book was over the top dramatic and unrealistic. But I know from family stories that real life really was over the top dramatic.  this author painted that picture accurately and, for me, the inclusion of a young girl my mothers age at the time made it personal and superbly powerful.
Excellent read. Could not put it down. Very well written with much compassion. Gave me insight and appreciation for the sacrifice of the brave men and women of France during the German occupation. I am proud my father was an American soldier who fought in the North African campaign, up through France, into Germany. My generation and my children's have much to be grateful for because of the sacrifices of so many. Thank you, Kristin, for a memorable reading experience.
Once again, Kristin Hannah has written a memorable book. Although the content of this book is difficult at times to read, portraying some of the atrocities of World War II, the story is well-written, with memorable characters, and a refreshing plot. Hannah is certainly a beloved and talented author, and once again has written a supurb piece of literature. The book is quite engaging and riveting, and I found it difficult to stop reading. This is a "must read"!
The Nightingale is a beautifully written story!  I was totally mesmerized while reading this book....I did not want to put it down!  Kristin Hannah did a remarkable job of developing the characters of Vianne and Isabelle.  This book had it all - suspense, history, romance, tenderness, brutality...it did not lack in any respect.  I put it with my all-time favorite reads. Don't plan a lot of other activities when you start this book - you will not want to stop reading!
This book will capture your soul and heart. Based in France when Germany overtook Paris and all of its towns. It leads you through heroine characters at their finest. I wept and smiled. It hurt and then amazement as people who risked their lives to save people who came to save them. People helping people in hiding, those yellow stars that were meant to mark. This novel is fiction, but hard for me to believe that these people did not exist as a million untold stories.
I consider myself emotionally strong and this book was the first one to bring a tear to my eye but don't let that deter you from reading it. The book made me see how two sisters can be war hero's and I'll admit at first it thought it may be one of those mushy romance novels that I wouldn't enjoy but it turned out to be one of those books you just can't put down. I highly recommend this book and it will make a great Christmas gift for each of my daughter's this year.
I truly enjoyed this book it was an interesting story and the history of the Germany takeover in France made it even more enjoyable.  It allows you to see how people can be fooled into believing that things are okay and how they can easily ignore what is really happening.  Of course, not all of the French people were fooled and there in lies stories of such bravery.  Anyway, I think this was an excellent book and very well written as well as researched for accuracy.
In my opinion this is a blockbuster among historical fiction! Everyone needs to read this account of World War II. It was a real eye opener for me. Kristin Hannah has definitely done hours and hours of research in order to create this extraordinary work of fiction. I love all of Hannah's books, but this has to be one of my favorites. I have been recommending it to everyone! I could easily see this made into a movie. Hoping for another Kristin Hannah book soon!
This is one of very best historical fiction novels I have ever read.  To learn so much about women's roles in WW11 was fascinating.  We just reviewed it at our book club.  I asked everyone who they they thought they were  more like -- Viviane or Isabelle.  Quite a conversation ensued.  The first paragraph grips you.  I have read it twice.  I think about the two sisters often and how brutal the invasion of rural France by the Germans was.  A do not miss read!
I absolutely loved this book.  The writer did a outstanding job of pulling the reader in.  I felt as though I was in this book, a simple bystander.  This was a book that made me do the "ugly cry".  At times I needed to put the book down, get a tissue and then pick it back up.  The unfortunate thing for me was, I read it to fast, I couldn't put it down, every chance I had it was in my hands.  Kristin Hannah, you really out did yourself with this book.
Difficult to read...not because it wasn't a good book...but because of the subject matter.  Riveting point of view of WWII. I've read a lot about US participation, Jewish massacre, and even the German viewpoint; now I know more about the lives, contributions and suffering of the French during the war.  I often wanted to postpone picking the book up because I didn't want to know what happened next.  But I knew I would finish the book "lest we forget."
I really enjoyed it.  It was hopeful, dark and it had some happier moments, but mostly it was a history lesson on the terrible times during the occupation of the Germans in France during World War II.  What these poor people had to endure was heartbreaking.  It was the story of two courageous sisters, and the friends and families that they loved and how they were all affected by the war.  It has a little twist at the end, but the story was very well written.
I am a reader; I always have my kindle with me and you can usually find me in a chaise on the patio.  In my many years there have been only a few books that I have read multiple times- Roots, Hawaii, and a few more.  After finishing The Nightingale yesterday, I tried to start another book, in fact, two other books.  I just can't leave Viane and Isabelle quite yet.  Today I began reading the story again.  If there is another book on this level please tell me.
This is a book I did not want to end. I devoured every word. This is fiction but it's historical fiction. This really happened. The network really existed. So, many good people did all the could do to survive and tried to save even one<br/>  The Great Generation is fading fast. This book is also a tribute to the airmen that were saved. They had a reason to go back and rejoin. They wanted to say thank you by putting on their flight suits and bombing Germany.
I am a long time fan of Kristin Hannah and have read all of her books.  I can honestly say that The Nightingale is her very best book.  I enjoyed it tremendously.  It was riveting, a real page turner and I dreaded the story ending.  She made each character come alive and I could feel every emotion that they felt.  I have not enjoyed reading a story like this in quite some time. This is a book I will read again and will always be on my list of favorite books.
I loved this book!  I loved the characters, the story, and miss them, even as I write this review.  I had a few tears as the story was coming to an end, and could only dream about who would play these strong women in the movie version.  I know the movie will me made, but I'm not sure that I want to see it, because I think this is one of those stories left better told, than seen on the screen.  Just read it and love it, without expectations....it's worth it!
Nicely written, thoughtfully conceived, sensitively developed.  The author, I gather, writes romantic novels.  This, or so it seems to me , a non-fan of romantic novels, is by the by except that it gives some minimal insight into her ability to bring into the narrative a critical feminine perspective on the principal character, a woman, the Nightingale, who gives all she has to give to the human cause in which she finds herself embroiled. A worthwhile read.
I'm not a renowned reviewer, but I know what I like, and I liked The Nightengale! Sadly, at 60+, I am learning historical events through fiction. Why didn't I pay more attention in high school and college? This story is layed out beautifully. The characters are well developed and the story line keeps you riveted. There were times that I felt we were going to cross into "All the Light We Cannot See", but the story holds it's own. Another WWII winner.
A wonderful tribute to the brave women on the home-front in France during World War 2. It chronicled, with passion and suspense, both the women of the Resistance and those bravely living in the French countryside. The Resistance reminded me of the courageous souls who assisted slaves to their freedom in America's Underground Railroad. This page-turner book is highly recommended and worth this ride into history with characters that will leave you breathless.
This book brought the details of the French resistance in such detail that you did not want to stop reading. I have been told that my father was rescued behind enemy lines by the resistance during WW2.  Like many WW2 veterans, he did not talk about it; but he would never get into an airplane ever again.  Thank you Ms. Hannah for writing such a touching story about a terrible period in which hope, courage and the will to survive would win against such evil.
I had a hard time describing the mood of this book.  Mostly it is a sad book, but it also makes you think so I picked thoughtful.  I loved the story and the complexity of the characters.  The struggles they faced both with what was happening around them and the actions they took as a result of those events made the book a great read.  I usually don't cry while reading a book but this book made me cry. I have been recommending this book to all of my friends
One of the best books I've read in a couple of years.  Extremely well-written.  The last book I raved about was "Unbroken." This book is comparable in quality to that one.  I was able to read the whole thing in three pre-bedtime sessions.  It really kept your interest and there was no confusion about the characters, as there may be some in other works I've read.  The 445 pages fly by.  I recommend the book to anyone who wants a "great" read
I love how the past and present were woven together perfectly.  I was kept guessing for the entire book who the survivor was.  I thought it was a unique point of view seeing the war through the eyes of female heroes; it added another dimension as to this horrific time period.  There wasn't a dull moment in this book and I truly enjoyed it.  I received a free copy of the book through the Ford book club and I added the kindle book so I could read it faster.
Another couldn't put it down book. Well developed characters. Plot was loaded with twists and turns. Suspenseful and Hopeful. If you want a light book to read, this is not that book! It is a wonderful story about one woman's look back at her past when she finds a trunk full of things she held dear, in France some during WWII with the German invasion of France. I will keep it on my kindle and in a couple of years, read it again! It's such a wonderful book!
Granted the Author claims it is Fiction but we are aware that French underground resistance did play a big role during the German occupation. Based on that assumption the plot is good with a few twists and turns speaking of heroics by Women and in a way the family was involved without knowledge of one another's actions made it more compelling. I loved it when I read A French Woman keeps some secrets  making the ending more humane. A wonderful summer read.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. The author did a terrific job of transporting the reader to war torn France.  I loved how through this book I experienced a wide range of emotions… from profound sadness and justified rage to relief and hopeful anticipation. The story was written with an honest depiction of the characters' experiences without using the crutch of salaciousness that many other authors seem to rely on nowadays. I highly recommend The Nightingale!
This is a well written book on our recent past.<br/><br/>Perhaps, many people who read this book will have experienced some of the horrible and tragic events which occurred  in France during WW2 .<br/><br/>However, I still don't understand why the Jews were singled out, and will  never understand why a race of people who give and give to the world, are so hated.<br/><br/>It would be good for this and future  generations to know just how ugly war is.
This book was the selection for our book club for this month.  I was not very excited about reading this book because we had just read another WWII book - All the Light We Cannot See.  I am so glad I read this book.  It was very well written.  The characters are well developed and likeable.  As usual when I read a historical novel, I learned something.  And historical novels are not my usual choice for pleasure reading.  I recommend this book to everyone.
Normally, this is not my type of read. That era was very dark and difficult for me to even comprehend the brutality and inhumaness of it all. However this was an excellent read. Beautifully well written story line. The story focuses on two sisters with very contrasting lives in a very difficult time. In the end, they each contribute to helping their country in life changing and profound ways.  This is one of the best books I've ever read and I read a lot!
Kristin Hannah never fails to disappoint. She has written another amazing novel; possibly her best, in my opinion. I won't summarize the novel since the book description is excellent. I had a very hard time putting this book down and when I did, I couldn't wait to pick it back up again. If you enjoy Kristin Hannah's novels, books that take place in France, or are just looking for an engrossing new read, be sure to read this one. You won't be disappointed.
As the daughter of an American World War II Army Air Corps pilot, who spent more than three months missing in action, I really loved this book.  My father was smuggled through France and over the Pyrenees mountains by the brave French men and women of the Resistance.  It gave me a better picture of what my father experienced, but through the eyes of the French.  They were ordinary people who risked their very lives to help the British and American airmen.
A terrific read....compelling and very moving.The two sisters in the<br/>book are beautifully drawn and each heroic in her own way. This is<br/>yet another look at WWII, the French complicity in the extermination<br/>of Jews and their willingness to embrace the Nazis. Except for<br/>The Nightingale, who along with others in the French resistance<br/>are the heros of this book. As are those who survived<br/>the Death Camps. The ending had me in tears
I absolutely loved this book, although it was heart-wrenching at times.  Set primarily in Paris during WWII, it's female characters were courageous and heroic and I was routing for them every page of the book. Although it's fiction, much of the story is true to the time and we must never forget the senseless and inhumane acts carried out. I would highly recommend this book. The bravery, courage, survival and most importantly love presided above all else.
It was nice to have a story about two very different, but heroic women. Each finds her own way of responding to the stark choices war imposes on those swept up in its ugliness.  The characters are well drawn and developed and the story captivating.  I would recommend it.  However, as a piece of historical fiction I was jolted by the use of language and phrases that are clearly out of period.  I also did not like what I considered to be a too tidy ending.
This story was so intense and interesting.  I felt like I was a  part of the story, the characters and how they interacted were so solid and realistic.  The war between the German Nazis and the French is really a part of history and it meant more to me than when I was studying history in school.<br/> I love Kristen Hanna's books and they hold you hostage and you don't want to put the book down.<br/><br/>Kudos and thank you for such a wonderful story.
This book gives a different view about WWII that usually we dont see it or mention about it. Seeing how women acted to survive the war we can say that the war is not only at the front where men fight but also in the back home where women fight their own fights and with their own ways. It is equally tough and everyone is suffered. The author is very good in telling the story and I am even more excited when it comes to end. An interesting book in general.
Historical fiction is a favorite of mine because it's an easy way to learn more of the past. I have a personal history deeply rooted in the holocaust and a book like this one brings me a step closer to the reality. Every once in a while I read one that not only teaches me more but the story itself touches my heart. The Nightingale is one of those beautifully written stories. It will stay with me a long time. Get your hankies as you get close to the end.
Victory of the human spirit over the horrific evil present in the world is truly amazing. Thank you Kristin Hannah for reminding us of the horrors of World War II and the amazing resiliency bound up in the human soul. That courage and grace live on is inspiring. That victory over evil requires both courage and grace, hope and forgiveness and is a reminder to live our lives with hope and to love deeply those given to us each day with deep intentionality.
This story was slow moving hit me. I never finished the book.
Excellent read...grabbed my attention...couldn't put it down.
Incredible novel of women and men in the French Resistance during World War II.<br/>From first page to last this book was hard to put down.  I want to read it again!<br/>The BEST Kristen Hannah has written to date!  The characters are so genuine and believable.  The hardships and atrocities of the French bring the realities back to life!  I wanted this book to never end.....I bought it for my Kindle but am ordering it in hardback to have on my shelf!
Not my first Kristin Hannah book, she does not disappoint here!  Vianne & Isabelle are sisters, mother had passed away early in their life, Isabelle had been sent to private schools, many of which she was dismissed from, Vianne married and had children.  Her husband went off to war, Isabelle returned and wanted to help with the war effort and ended up guiding downed pilots over the mountains into Spain.  Wonderful characters,<br/>wonderfully written.
There are books that are entertaining or fun to read, then there are books like this one that tugs at your heart. This was an absolutely wonderful book. The history of it was very well written and informative. But, it was the people of the book, especially Vianne and Isabelle that made this book so very good. I can't begin to tell how many times I was brought to tears. This was a very moving and poignant book. It is not one I will forget anytime soon.
Thought Hannah's " Home Front" was good<br/>Read "Sarah"s Key" - powerful work.<br/>This work is Hannah's best to date.<br/>Women's view of surviving the day-to-day escalating horrors of WWII, yet rising to the level of being heroic.<br/>Most importantly, the two protagonists realize their connections to love of child/parent/sibling/friend gives them the strength to transform from the ordinary to the extraordinary.<br/>Reading this book was time well spent!!
the novel dealing with WWII and is the third I have read in the space of a few weeks. this novel centers on one family, two sisters and their conflicting personalities both before and during the war years. This novel also deals with several different German officers and their opposite manner of dealing with the French people. It's hard to say I "enjoyed" this book, but the writing was simple and to the point - a very and informative good read.
This book was an awesome read.  It's a story of a family during WW II , the heroism of some members, and the atrocities that befell them. It is so beautifully written that you feel with the characters as they struggle to overcome and get through what they feel they must do.  It is the story of beautiful women whose contribution to the war received so little attention, yet meant so much. I have enjoyed  all of this authors  books and this one the most.
I've read lots of books about World War II but this is the first written from the perspective of those who  survived in occupied countries. I can't imagine what it would be like to live in this country with no food, constant fear, trying to just survive for your family. It's incredible what the French must have gone through and the conditions under which they lived. And this was not so very long ago. Incredible story. Well written. Well worth reading.
From the first chapter to the last sentence, I was captivated. She gave exellent voice to her story. I could not only "feel" the emotions of the characters but see their faces and all of their physical surroundings. I burst into tears quite unexpectedly during the final chapter. Such a beautiful story in the middle of a horrendous time in history. Highly recommend this book to anyone who loves to feel they are part of the book without effort.
I just turned the final  page of this magnificent novel. The atrocities of the Nazis were cemented in my soul after reading The Diary of Anne Frank when I was a young girl in the late<br/>1950s. The evil of WW2 was depicted so well in this gut wrenching can't put it down historical novel. It should be a required book for every high school student throughout the world. Thank you, Hannah, for making sure that the horrors of Hitler are never forgotten.
Loved it.  Admittedly, I'm a sucker for a good WWII story, but I guess I hadn't read much about the German occupation of France during WWII, or about the role/circumstances of French women during the war.  I really liked the way the author wove the story of the 2 sisters together, even though they had very different experiences during the war.  The modern story that tied in was excellent as well, and I couldn't wait to find out which sister survived!
I learned a lot about the war in Paris.  It was wonderfully written, and I enjoyed reading it.  I cried from all the heart break that was cause from a terrible war.  We forget the impact war has on ordinary people.  War is so senseless and causes so much pain to all the people involved.  I found both Vianne and Isabell to be quite brave and I'm sure there were many people that did the things they did.  I don't think I could be that strong and brave.
I don't usually like to read about war, especially world war 2 as my parents both grew up in Germany during the war.  They have spoken of their memories of this time.  They are not good.  As a German person I felt awlful what Germans did to innocent people.  Obviously not my doing, but it made me feel sad.  A story of two brave, strong and courageous women.  We must always appreciate all the good things in our life as nothing is forever.  Good read.
Wow.  What a powerful book.  I learned so much, and although it's fiction, it lead me to think about the lives of women during the World Wars. Having recently visited Paris, I was able to picture many of the places described in the book, and that added to my enjoyment of the story.  Loved the characters, The author paints a vivid picture of life in wartime, and deftly describes the sacrifices made in wartime.  Definitely a book I'll always remember.
A new novel of the Nazis leading to the bitterness of what happens in war from the beginning of the invasion of France to the end of the war.  This  beautiful love of country that makes one do anything for your birthright.  So well written you forget you're reading.  Sometimes an author makes you take a look at yourself and ask what would you do?  In this case it's scary.  Get your tissues out for the ending.  You'll never forget you read this book.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is a tale of two French sisters during the time of WWII and the impact the war has on each of them.  The characters are vivid and real and I felt as if I was living then and there, right alongside of them.  At times I’d pull myself away from the book and remember that I am in another place and time.  Kristin Hannah understands the French and the culture in France during Nazi occupation.  So glad I found this book!
Once I was passed the first few pages, I was hooked! The sisters, born & raised in Paris, were as different as night & day, but they were both heroes in the true sense.  It is a novel based on a true story and will have the reader turning pages but holding on to each word. I love the way the author developed the characters and the descriptive wording was difficult and beautiful to read as she took the reader through those awful years during the war.
"The Nightengale" is a compelling book telling two sides of history with considerable accuracy. It is not predictable. A great feature from my perspective.  I have not read much about the French during WW II. The character development was excellent revealing their full humanity.  Redemption is another aspect I like in a good story. I highly recommend reading this book and "Sarah's Key"  for further French history during this period.
This book was a beautifully written story about a horrible time of war, brutality, bigotry and faminine.  All that sounds depressing<br/>by somehow, the book doesn't leave you there.  It is realistic and the author writes so descriptively you feel that you are inside<br/>the story, but there is always hope, even it is a long time coming.  This book stayed with me long after it was finished, and that<br/>to me, is the sign of a wonderful book!
Nightingale was a book that absolutely mesmerized me!  I didn't want it to end and I am going to read it again.  The author writes so clearly and keeps your attention all along the way.  I have always liked WW2 books and hoe we never forget what happened then.  I am not a frequent reader, (I do a lot of hand quilting instead) but I wish all books read as well as this one did.  No surprise it is on NY Times best seller list.  Go read it - please!
This was different from any other Kristin Hannah books I have read in the past but I think she did a very good job.  The historical references seemed  fairly accurate as far as my knowledge goes.  I hadn't been aware that the French political captives were abused and imprisoned right along with the Jewish prisoners.<br/>I was pleased that she closed the story with the reunion of some of the people Vianne and Isabelle had helped during the war.
This is a beautifully written, suspense filled, and romantic novel that covers the french resistance during Nazi occupation.  It appears historically accurate within the fictional context.  Hannah does a terrific job of developing the characters and suspense throughout the novel.  This book is definitely one of my favorite reads this summer.  I highly recommend it to those who love historical fiction or just want a terrific book for the summer!
Although there is a lot of literature about WW2, its inception, etc. this gave a different perspective ..... a more personal one and one that described personalities ... some pleasant and some ugly.  I found the pace steady and most of the characters developed.  However, a can't come up with a single word that best describes the mood.  Since we know how it ended, suspenseful would not be appropriate.  Thoughtful definitely -- after the reading.
Most remarkable read in several years. Fantastic story and almost reads like a memoir. I can state this having left Holland for USA in 1952. WWII memories linger therefore more easily to relate to. Story so well written it should become a movie, as well as a must read for historical highschool or collegiate reading. This is truly how WWII affected the lives of millions of people. It was a page turner - hardly able to put it down until finished.
This book is so consuming the housework went to hell.  It takes you in and there's not a boring moment.  You can't wait to see what the next surprise is, and there are plenty.  I've picked up 3 books since trying to "get into it" and none of them measured up.  It may ruin you for further reading, but it's a trip well taken!  There will be tears of joy and howls of grief.  That's my mark of a good book, to feel to the depth of your soul.
This book is outstanding.  It provides a vivid and gripping portrayal of the physical, emotional, and moral suffering of the women in France during the German occupation.  It also portrays the sadistic cruelty of the German occupiers as well as the small mercies some of them offered.  The characters are well developed and stay with the reader long after the story ends.  This is a whole new perspective on WWII in France.  I highly recommend it!
Kristin Hannah has created two very believable female protagonists in WWII France, women whose courage and hardships, I expect, will stay in my memory for some time. Humanity needs to know more about the role of "ordinary"  women meeting the challenges of extraordinary times. I think a really good director who had a script that followed this novel closely could make a blockbuster movie with historical depth for everyone. I'd be there.
Well researched WWII novel and thoroughly engrossing. Hannah's descriptive writing puts you right there in wartorn France with the characters. Each character is well developed. And yet the storylines move along swiftly- good balance!<br/>I have only read maybe one other Kristin Hannah novel which was pretty light weight if I remember correctly. This is a total departure from that genre.<br/>I was surprised how emotionally involved I became.
I don't know what my attraction to the holocaust is. Maybe it's because history repeats it's self and I'm hoping we're smarter next time. Maybe it's that I love to see triumph. I have no idea, but this book is amazing. Don't miss out. For the second time in my life the characters became real to me. I found myself wondering what they're up to today. In case you're wondering the other book is The Help. Read this book, you won't be disappointed.
This was a very emotional book that stayed with me way after reading it.  I still had some unanswered questions at the end, but got very caught up in the emotional aspects of the book.  I'm not going to do a synopsis of the story here - there are many of them already on the Amazon site - but suffice it to say that it was a terrific story and brought to light the heroism of many of the people who suffered with the German occupation of France.
This is an amazing story. Best historical fiction book I have read. If you love historical fiction this is a must read. Truly remarkable romance set during World War II and although there are a lot of books set during this time period this book rose above all others.<br/>My book club The Novel Bunch loved it.<br/>Every reader will be moved by this wonderful story of two french sisters, it is extremely riveting and you can not put it down.
I loved this book as I do many of Christian Hannah's books. The two main characters of this book are sisters, the older one married and the younger sister was sort of wild. This book takes place during the Second World War. This book showed that even women can do amazing things when they have to, lie, kill and anything else they have to do to stay alive while the enemy, the Nazis, have taken over their town and their homes and all the food.
Lest we ever forget the heroism of those who fought in the French Resistance.  The basic facts of the terror implemented by the Nazis during the second World War is made real in the descriptions in this novel. This is a story of hope, courage, and survival during one of the darkest periods in world history. The author brings to life two brave women who fought their own battles during this dark time in history.. I highly recommend this book.
I love Kristin Hannah's books so was determined to read this one all the way through, but it was a difficult book to read based on the subject matter. The people in Europe during WWII went through unimaginable horrors and it was hard for me to read about them. I guess as I age it is harder to just read and then let it go. I am glad I read the book, though, since I learned more about the French resistance and the characters were interesting.
A compelling bookthat just cannot be put down.  The story is extremely well developed, sometimes unexpected and also difficult to read.  Mans inhumanity to man is brutal, yet the stories need to be told.  And, one needs to believe in the resilience we have.  I will hold this book in my heart forever.  It was a stunningly wonderful read.  Thank you, Kristin Hannah, for the sacrifice of writing this book...and making the world a better place.
This was an excellent book although very sad & troubling. Similar to "Sarah's Key".  It is still so hard to understand how humans could treat other humans in this manner. How some people managed to survive this time period is nothing short of a miracle. Very informative regarding the place/time so one feels they have learned a lot while being involved with the fictional characters. I don't want to give anything away but a must read.
I gained a great deal of understanding from reading this novel. It was well crafted and told of love and loss on a personal scale as well as the larger issues of war. I was a very young child in the 40's and grew up in the peace seeking aftermath of the subsequent 20 years....never can I imagine the the sadness and pity of the tragedy that is war,either then or now.<br/>This book is an elegy of courage and hope for we the ordinary people.
This is one of those stories that you are so immersed in that you feel the pain, the love, the suffering. You place yourself in France and know this was what was happening in WWII. Even after you put the book down, the story runs through your mind. How heroic these people were and how they risked their lives and even gave up their children in order to save them  Everyone should read this book no matter what nationality or religion you are.
I liked this book. I read it in one day. It was a story of survival, bravery, and the horrors the French had to endure. Vianne, the older sister rescued Jewish children, even when German officers were billeted in her home. The younger sister was the Nightingale, a rescuer of downed American and British pilots. She was the bravest character I have encountered in many years. Great writing...I felt like I was witnessing the reality of WWII.
this was a good read and discussion for a book club. Everyone found it interesting - all women in the club. A variety of relationships and choices were a focus of the book - parent/child, siblings, spouses, lovers, family membership as well as responsibilities of members of a civil society.  Altho this concerns France in WWII, some of the descriptions of refugees seemed very modern. A good read as well as a stimulus to good discussions.
What a wonderful eye-opening view of the life of women during the WWII in France.  These women were strong and brave. A terrific story teller, Karen White always surprises me.  The use of the symbolism of the tree and hanging the snatches of fabric was awesome.  A Karen White fan will be delighted.  Anyone looking for a new favorite author needs to give it a try.  Then you know there are many more wonderful Karen White books to explore.
I'm reviewing the audiobook version of this.  I feel a little sad that the reviews for the audiobook show up on the same page as the reviews for the book.  I usually read nonfiction, and only got this because it was an audiobook I could listen to in my car.  It's a high production value recording with clean audio, but the narration is just horribly done.  The story is set in France in WWII, and the main characters are French.  Every time a character speaks, the narrator does a French accent.  There's no reason to do this, since the whole book is written in English, and the words are in English not French.  The accent is also way over the top.  It detracts and distracts from the story.  And because the story is set in France, the badly done over the top French accent is constantly on the recording.  Pretty much every time any character speaks, you have to deal with awful fake French accent even though they are speaking English.<br/><br/>The story in The Nightingale was one I could take or leave.  It flows well, and I was never tempted to stop midway through.  For me, that's good, because I usually read nonfiction and I'm likely to stop reading a novel if I don't like it.  I think if the story sounds like something you would like, that you might enjoy reading the book.
So well written. When I started this novel, I thought I've got to stop picking books from the Holocaust/WWII era. Though dramatic & well done as they are, I need to expand my literary library. But this one was different. The author managed to find another way that Hitler was an unparrelled monster that was not as widely well known, as  well as delivering a wonderful story with strong characters. Have your tissues with you at all times.
The book captures the horros of Nazi occupation of France as has other books such as When Paris Went Dark but does so through the fictional character the  Nightingale, a rebelous young French girl that led scores of downed allied pilots across the Pyrenees to safety. The tale is a gut wrenching one that has a melancholy ending. Hannah does a marvelous job of development of both the key French and German characters. A real pager turner.
It isn't often I read a book that say I will NEVER forget...however this is one of very few in my vast years!  If you read nothing else, please please choose this wonderfully written novel.  It is guaranteed to move you and leave you waiting for the movie!!!  I did not want it to end!  Someone needs to make this into a motion picture so all can share in this story!  Thank you Kristan Hannah for sharing your love of writing with us all!
A powerful story of bravery, survival and love.  Two sisters  and their stories of their resistance stories during the Nazi occupation in France. It relates the horrible deprivation the families suffered and the toll on the children--the fear, starvation and lack of basic needs. Also the bravery in saving American and Brit airmen after they survived plane crashes. A terrible lesson about the horrors of war and the resilience of people.
A WWII experience covering the struggle and sacrifices to survive in France during the German occupation. A side of the war that was not given much attention even after it was over. I hate it when life is determined by a whim of an authority individual. It can destroy youngsters, make them bitter and resentful. It can tear at the heart enough to render it incapable of loving again when possible. Outstanding descriptions by the author.
A different take on WWII, depicted through the eyes of two French sisters. Good character development, good plot, very enjoyable read. I hadn't thought about the experiences, difficulties, fears and effects that were felt by normal people in the French countryside during the war. How easy it would have been to go along with the flow, until you can't any more. Each breaking at a different point, for a different reason. I recommend it.
Wow! I sit here with tears streaming down my cheeks as I write this review. I finished the book only a minute ago. This is the most emotional book I have read in years, possibly ever. The story sucks you in and stays with you even when you're not reading. What brave men and women they were during the war. What hardships they went through and unspeakable things they saw. This book will stay with you even after turning the last page.
This is absolutely one of the best books I have ever read.  I didn't want to put it down.  I have never finished a book and then turned around and started it again but that's what I'm doing with this book.  I have always read books on WWII and the Holocaust, I took a lot of history in college.  I really don't have words for how captivating this story is and the way Kristin Hannah takes your heart, mind, and emotions thru the story.
I loved the adventure and the drama of the story!  Also, the tenderness that it evoked from the family members!  A little gruesome in places, but then...  that is life!<br/>I seem to be drawn to WWII stories and this was a very good one to learn how the poor communities of countries like France dealt with the horrible ness of war.  It seems there was always something you could do, in however a small way to deal with the situation.
Loved this book, the characters were so believable you immediately got very involved with them. The story line and the history behind it was amazing. Very brave people during the war, taking care of others whilst being in a country invaded by the enemy. Could not imagine not having food and having to line up for days and still not get any. The scenery was beautiful through the writers eyes. Would recommend this book highly. Jaydee
This is a wonderful story of two sisters during World War II in the French countryside - the travails of occupation by the Germans, lackof food, and how the two sisters with out knowing what the other was doing, helped the French resistance during the war.  It was a novel with many sad moments, horrible choices, misunderstandings that I really enjoyed.  For others that have a similar depth, try Kristin Hannah's, the Winter Garden.
The Nightingale is the story of two sisters living in occupied France during WWII.  It is a compelling story that makes you identify with the two main characters questioning your own courage and what you would be willing to sacrifice for family as well as ideals.  I found myself halting reading as I neared the end, not wanting it to end.  I have not read any previous books by Kristin Hannah but I will most certainly read more now.
What a thought provoking selection. I grew up in the south about the time of the setting chosen and I could feel the mistreatment of the underprivileged and didn't understand why. The main character was not affect by the norm of most white people. She believed that all people were loved and should be treated with respect. What a powerful book that has the reader take a look at her/his own beliefs and try to improve their thinking.
An indepth encounter with a feminine approach to the French Occupation and Resistance.  The surprise was the voice of the sister in America....whose identity is not revealed until the end.  Struggled to get through the first half of book, but then it unbelievably sped up to "I can't put this down" speed.  I found it a little bit romanticized, but doubtful that one could suffer through the story without the love songs sung.
First word to come to mind after finishing this book, wow. This is the type of novel that leaves you feeling changed at the end. The storyline was fantastic, the writing was excellent. I was excited every night before bed to read this, and even stayed on the treadmill longer than I intended so that I could finish chapters. Highly recommend this book. Can't say enough good things about The Nightingale. Read it, you won't regret it.
Heart breaking, courageous, fearful, determined, undeterred, needy, loving, human, compassionate,loyal, survivors. These adjectives and many more can be attributed to the heroes and heroines of this horrendous, inhuman war which this novel reconstructs in painful detail. Difficult to read at times, this book will take you through the war time twists and turns of a very important piece of human history that we should Never forget.
I usually do not read WW2 stories - too sad and emotional.  I did not know at the onset that this was one of those books.  This book is beautifully written and from the perspective of a French survivor whose sacrifice is inspiring and admirable.  I could not put it down and learned a lot about the times, cultures and human sacrifices. Although it is a novel, I could imagine much of this really happening in France during the war.
Kristin Hannah does not disappoint in this wonderful piece of historical fiction.  She tells the story of two sisters' World War II; each has her own struggles and trials, each perseveres and makes an impact on the outcome of the war in her own way.  The characters were true and the stories moving, it brought tears to my eyes to feel the sorrow and dispair they endured.  Well worth the read - kudos to Hannah for another success!
Although it took me a little while to get into this story, I hung in there because I knew Kristin Hannah wouldn't let me down.  I've read and loved ALL of her books and love her as an author.  Just as the characters in this book had to ration their food, I rationed the chapters of this book because I didn't want it to end!  Kristin has outdone herself with this book, the story and it's people will stay with me a very long time!
The story starts quickly and keeps going. The 2 main characters, although they are sisters, are very different in character. As the story unfolds, the reader sees their similarities in strength and purpose. Very interesting to imagine how the French Resistance managed to be so strong under the Nazi's noses. It was also refreshing to have the Catholic Church play a useful and humanitarian role.A fun book to reinforce girl power.
Kristin Hannah did it again. This may be her best novel yet. It is riveting, challenging, heartbreaking, and inspiring. She continues to write complex story lines as well as to write about strong women characters. This particular story which is such an important part of our human history. She writes about it with great sensitivity and care, and gives us an inside glimpse of one the most tragic and stirring moments of our times.
True to form, Ms Hannah writes very rich stories.  I can very clearly picture her characters and try to live in their moments with little effort.  I crushed this book in one day, something I rarely do.  But I couldn't stop turning the pages!!!  I loved this WW II book because it didn't dwell on the graphic atrocities of the concentration camps, but it focused almost entirely on aspects of the war that I did not know.  Loved it
The introduction is confusing and too long. The sister named the "Nightingale" has no knowledge of German or Spanish when she shepherds the downed aviators to safety. She most likely has a Parisian accent which would be suspect when traveling so far away from Paris in those days. The older sister's story is more believable. Due to repetitious segments, the book was too long, in my opinion, but nevertheless a good read.
This is a tightly written book that flips from modern time to 1939 France.  The family dynamics were spot on and hit close to home for me.  The historical background is very accurate and even though this is fiction, it is realistic.  I love how the writer keeps you guessing at the identity of the narrator until close to the end.  The themes are very current and a warning for todays political rhetoric.  Definitely a must read.
Here is a book told from a woman's view about women in France during WWII. I have felt that we have so many books about this war...how can there be any more to tell. But this book is more about the strength of the soul, the human spirit of survival. Sisters who were so different but faced the war with their own kind of strength. Told from the heart with inspiration and courage. A book that will remain with me for a long time.
I really enjoyed this book, although it is always difficult to read about the suffering in Europe during WWII.  This book was fiction, but it read like history and was a very interesting look into the reality of the French resistance movement.  I was sorry to see it end, and would have liked it to go on and on and let me know what else happend to the characters.  Really good read; I have recommended to my book loving friends.
I chose this book because of my interest in WW1 and 2 stories,whether fiction or non fiction and I chose it because my last name is Nightingale :) and man oh man was it an amazing pick! I didn't want it to end. I felt every emotion imaginable and could not put it down. Buy it, read it and without a doubt I can tell you, you will be glad you did. I will most definitely be recommending The Nightingale to anyone who will listen.
LOVED this book! The inner struggles where people have  to made terrible choices and then live with the consequences is so beautifully and  agonizingly illustrated in this story. Hannah masterfully draws you in with complicated and  profound relationships that leave the reader cheering for the  characters and relating to their struggles and triumphs both. The family dynamics are such that everyone can find some common thread.
Even though I struggled liking one of the characters in the book, I found the story engaging and the book hard to put down.  I agree with another reviewer that the characters were not period accurate, but was able to overlook that once I got deeper into the fictional story.  Is it as good and accurate as "All The Light We Cannot See"?  Surely not.  But it was a good book none the less, and one that I enjoyed reading.  I purchased this material with the promotional credits earned by using the slow shipping offered by amazon.  Fantastic way to spend some of those credits!
This is one of the best books I've read in years & I'm an avid reader.  I didn't know if I'd be able to read it as I'm not good at dealing with WWII & the concentration camps, but this book dealt with it with honesty & integrity.  It kept my interest throughout & have recommended it to a lot of people. A true page turner & a book that I was sorry to come to finish -- eloquently written & kept my interest until the last line.
I can always count on Hannah to bring me to tears. This book is touching and historically accurate. The two sisters, who have a turbulent relationship, think they are taking different paths when WWII starts, but find they are very much alike. This author is an expert on human relationships and I so enjoy reading her work. I recommend this book to anyone who likes to explore the dynamics of relationships......she is a master!
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah<br/>  You really do not want to put this book down until you complete it.  It is well narrated.  The author had to do a lot of research about World War 2.<br/>The geography of the countries that the characters had to go through and the way the Nazi's treated their "enemies" was right on.  Kristin Hannah, is one of my favorite authors.  You will not go wrong in reading her other books.
I have read every book by k. Hannah--although I liked this book. I felt a lots was left out of the book. How did her family have the money to get to us and how did they become rich. What did they do in united states ? It seems to me I had chapters left out of the book. She certainly did not get rich teaching school.At the end of war she had no money!
This is a page turner about two french sisters during the Nazi occupation of France. They take two completely different paths in order to survive. One is a rebellious spirited passionate woman and works in the resistance. The other is a quiet traditional housewife who must also find herself doing things she never imagined. This book definitely doesn't sugar coat the war and the atrocities. But it's a fascinating great read.
This story was a real page turner. It brings to life the atrocities of World War II and yet the poignancy of the love of family. The story of two sisters so different in temperament but what each of them did during the war in occupied France. Isabelle rescuing downed airmen, bringing them over the Pyrenees to Spain and Vianne hiding Jewish children whose parents have been deported in a convent in a small town outside Paris.
I did not think this book was very well written.  The plot is interesting, but the writing is not good, especially in the romantic parts.  There were lots of clichéd and schmaltzy lines.  It was more like a soap opera in many parts than historical fiction.  This is too bad because it had the potential to be a great book.  The writing pales in comparison to All the Light We Cannot See and The Book Thief, which are beautiful.
This would have to be one of my favourite books I have read and I do read a lot.  Kristin Hannah writes in a way that transports you into the lives and times of her characters.  Full of excitement and mixed with events and places that you feel familiar with this book has an addictive beginning that follows all the way through and does not disappoint at the end.  I was only sorry that I read it so fast and it came to an end.
Once more we are in Europe during WWII suffering through with the French.  I don't know if they really had it this bad, but there were some heroic women and this is their story.  The conflict between the two sisters and their very different outlook on how to hand living within an occupied country is very interesting and not hard to believe - one married with a child and the other much younger and single.  It is a good read.
This is one awesome book. I'm a history nut, have an Masters Degree in history, and love factual books and historical novels as well. One of its strong points is that I felt inside the story, I felt I was there in person. Other historical novels I love are by Hemingway, Leon Uris (Battle Cry, Mila 18), and Herman Wouk (War and Remembrance, Winds of War), which don't quite do this for me, but still worth the read, of course.
I loved this book. Wile fictional, I appreciated the history as she made an effort to be as true to life as the awful war was.  It was told from the view point of women whose contributions to the French Resistance are often overlooked.  It made the lives of people living through WWII real.  The characters were beautifully written.  It is the first book written by Kristin Hannah that I've read. I will now read others by her.
Couldn't put it down!  I love historical fiction and the World War II era is so fascinating, mostly in a horrific way.  It is so interesting to learn of the plight and experiences of different groups of people during this time, in this case French citizens and their response to occupation by the Germans.  The story in this book was a page turner from beginning to end.  I highly recommend it as a book club or free time read.
Beautifully written story of two French sisters surviving WW-2 and coping with the challenges of war- each in a unique way.  Excellent characterizations and poignant portrayals of so many victims of the war.  Having recently read two other best selling books focusing on survival of WW-2, I was not as engaged in the theme as I might have been otherwise. Nevertheless, I would recommend this as a book with a universal appeal.
Kristin Hannah uses the first person overall to tell this story but you are not sure who is telling it which keeps you guessing until the final chapter. It is a story about a family in France during the Nazi occupation of WW2. It is a fascinating tale of intrigue and courage of a family torn apart by circumstance and will keep you reading to find out what happens. I recommend  this book for its story telling and technique.
The characters are very well-developed and it was hard to put this book down. It is educational, as this is a time that many of us can't imagine and know very little about aside from the historical facts. But this gives life to what happened during the war and how it impacted everyday people, as well as the risks that they took in order to help others. This is a book that you will remember long after you have finished it.
Many great WWII books have been based in England, not so many in France.  This book is full of pain, terror and unimaginable atrocities. It is also full of great courage, compassion and endurance by real, everyday French people. The Nightingale reconfirms that this was, indeed, The Greatest Generation. This is a book not to be missed. Kudos to proven, stellar author of 22 books, Kristin Hannah - this is her best book yet!
The Nightingale is an excellent read I could hardly put down!!  I have read several of Kristin Hannah's books - none better than this one.  The picture of World War II and the horrors these two sisters went through are unimaginable.  The characters are easy to sympathize with as they risk their lives sometimes daily to protect their country and their families.  A truly GREAT read!!  I can see this being made into a movie.
At first I was a little confused but when I got into the story I couldn't put it down. I really liked the characters and of course was shocked about what happened to the people of France during WW 2. My uncle was killed in France just before the end of the war. He was an American soldier.<br/>I would have given this book more stars if I could. It was a story that stays with you for a long time. This is a must read book.
Wow! This book was just amazing. The story, the characters and the war time imagery of France. Amazing. One of the things I found most interesting was the insight into the everyday life of the occupied French people. Standing in lines with ration cards and just trying to survive without cooperating with the Nazis. Makes you consider the difference between a person making reasonable choices and a collaborator. Great book.
Absolutely fabulous book on WWII France.  This is the fourth historical fiction book I have read about WWII France, and I was captivated with the details, the interwoven stories, the characters' fears, and the sorrows of most everyone.  There is so much I didn't know about the war's impact that was revealed here, so  the author is a terrific researcher.<br/>Great story and a great read.  Recommend it without hesitation!
This book was unlike any other book I've read written by Kristin Hannah.  The main characters were two sisters, but the story took place mostly in Nazi occupied Germany during World War II.  I always enjoy Kristin Hannah's book and this one, even though different, was excellent. I wasn't sure which sister was telling the story until I reached the end. Have a box of tissues nearby as you read the last quarter of the book!
Subject matter is wartime sacrifice, unfair treatment, and lots of raw emotion- courageous, determination, need, hopefulness, love, cruelty, patriotism.  There is enough of the good guy story to keep one from turning off the bad guy story. The characters reveal how some people use difficult circumstances, not of their making, for their own selfish purposes, while others show remarkable ability to stand up against wrong.
Kristin Hannah is a favorite author who surprises me over and over by her realistic stories that she has researched well.  It is hard to read this fiction as the younger generation does not really relate to the horrible World War II and its atrocities and the sacrifices of a generation of people and their wasted talents besides the loss of the armies that fought.  When will we learn and may authors like KH enlighten us.
I have not read a book like this in a long time. Kristin Hannah has written a marvelous book and her best ever. I became so engrossed in the action of Viane's and Isabelle's story that it startled me whenever the book cut to 1995. If you want to get lost in a wonderful historical novel that has characters to love and to hate, an ending that will surprise and satisfy you, then Nightingale is the book for you. I loved it!
Our book club had just read ALL THE LIGHT YOU CANNOT SEE.  We were reluctant to read another book that was written about the same place and time, fearing it would be redundant and maybe boring to read something so similar.  I am sincerely glad we chose it!  This book was so much better and so much more interesting.  Very well written, holding your interest and  leaving you waiting to read what was going to happen next.
Loved it! Featuring two amazing French women (sisters). One who knew her own mind early on -to fight the Nazis any way she could,  with little care for the consequences. The other, while,  coming later to the fight and with more concern for the impact of her actions on others, fought  the Nazis in a wholly different way.  Both sisters became rescuers - one of downed English Airmen,  the other of French-Jewish children.
I really enjoyed this book.The subject matter, the female perspective of the French Resistance during WWII was interesting.  I enjoyed the alternating persons, and even the alternating time frame.  The voices were well written so that this really worked to enhance the book, rather than act as a gimmick.  Good read, I hated to put it down.  If you're thinking of reading this book, stop thinking and start reading!
Somewhat similar locale as All the Light We Cannot See in that it takes place in France during WW II during the Nazi occupation. But that's where the similarity ends. It's the story of two sisters and their individual resistance to the situation. It is told through the memories of one of the sisters but we do not know which one until near the end. Well told and well written. Engrossing story. Should garner many awards.
Well written--I am always amazed by the bravery of the regular citizens of the occupied countries of Europe.!  We didn't have to share our homes<br/>and families with the horrors of Nazi troops, thanks to our valiant young men  We are indebted to them forever!  Ration tickets and colored<br/>marjarine were our lot and we were so fortunate.  We survived the war intact at the expense of heros. May we never forget them.
This is one of those novels that is impossible to put down.  The Nightingale reinforced the theory (for want of a better word) the horrors of war and the impact that it had on the average citizen.  Each person had their own way of dealing with the horrors of this conflict whether they were the invading army or the citizens being invaded.  An incredible book of sacrifice and love.  I loved it.  Thank you Kristin Hannah.
The Nightingale was a good book about 2 sisters and their strength of character and how their lives intertwined in world war 2. For about 3/4 of the book it was a pretty typical, best selling story made for the masses. It wasn't until the end that Hannah tightened the story and brought depth to the characters and the story but still pretty predictable.  I was disappointed considering all the hype.  It was an easy read.
I am a huge fan of historical fiction, and this is one of my favorite novels. While reading this novel, I had many sleepless nights as the unimaginable experiences, emotional turmoil, and agonizing decisions that both sisters endured played over and over in my mind.  This is also an important book for everyone, especially for those (including myself), who never experienced the tragedies of war to read. Beautiful story.
I am a huge fan of historical fiction, and this is one of my favorite novels. While reading this novel, I had many sleepless nights as the unimaginable experiences, emotional turmoil, and agonizing decisions that both sisters endured played over and over in my mind.  This is also an important book for everyone, especially for those (including myself), who never experienced the tragedies of war to read. Beautiful story.
I have read many WWII books, both fictional and nonfictional, but this one was special. The author took you back in time to live the lives of two sisters in the most desperate of times. I felt their fears,tasted their desperation, and was crushed by the losses of so many. I don't think I breathed from beginning to end. A book to be remembered, a book that told a story that will haunt your dreams and forever humble you.
A jarring yet lovely story about two sisters during a terrible war who make their own way and sacrifices, for freedom and love.  This story illuminates the contributions they made not for power or glory but because "women don't talk about it - they just get on with it".  I highly recommend this book for all women and their children who often see their parents imperfectly....not knowing who they might have been before.
I found the book trans formative, as well as transfixing.  I was unable and unwilling to put it down.  So instead I spent a holiday weekend reading it front to back.  It made me want to return to Paris and see my old friends, be young and fearless, and appreciate having made it to the other side.  It made me weep for what was lost and to cheer for what was gained.  A captivating read by any measure.<br/><br/>5 stars
I loved the fact that this story is about the heroism of French women during WWII, and it was a very personal look at the pains of such a horrific war; Love and joy mixed in with the creeping changes of people and families as war drags on and it's horrors touch home. I felt as though I was living it with the people of France. This is a must read for anyone seeking stories about strong women during extraordinary times.
Ms Hannah has written one of the most moving books I've ever read.  Not only did I learn about the braveFrench resistors, I was privileged to be intimately involved with the daily struggles of ordinary people during the horrible years. Of the occupation.  Was there really a Nightingale, or does Isabelle represent the many women who risked their lives during World War II to save children and adults?  Do read this book!
I wish I could give this book 10 stars! It is one of the best books I have read!  Having a Dad who served in world war 2 it made me understand why he never really spoke about that war because it was so horrific. The storyline was amazing, what these two sisters endured to survive makes one realize how good we have it today.  I am definitely booking a trip to France now! Kristin Hannah you outdid yourself with this one
The Nightingale captured my interest from the beginning.  It makes me want to research the French underground and find out if they crossed the Pyrenees with American and British airmen.  Most of the story seemed plausible to me and was beautifully woven to include good and bad aspects of human nature.  The main character was fascinating.  Most characters were realistic.<br/>I will read more of Kristin Hannah's books.
This was the most enlightening book about France under the Nazi  reign of terror!  At Normandy the letters to express the French appreciation to the Americans and it all makes sense now!  It is a most excellent book, that I heartily recommend to all!  It cannot be equaled in characters and historical content!  What heroism and bravery and the will to live can accomplish!  A great tribute to those who gave their lives!
This book will bring you to tears.  The story portrays the lives of two estranged sisters living in France during WWII and their remarkable roles in saving ally forces and hiding Jewish children from the Nazis.  This book is so well-written, you will not want to put it down.  Although the story is sad, it tells about the struggles of the French when Germany invaded France during the war.  I highly recommend this book.
So many books have been written about World War II but, "The Nightingale" was an excellent example of how the French resistance helped to defeat the Nazis. They suffered greatly under the Nazi regime but, they fought and thwarted the Nazis at every turn. A great tribute to a brave and wonderful group of people who I appreciate more now that I have read this well written, exciting book with it's surprising end.
This is not a feel good, beach read. It is devastating and heart wrenching. It is a boom about ove, adventure and redemption that is overshadowed by loss, grief and death.  It is extremely well written and hard to put down.  However, it will leave you in tears and perhaps give you nightmares about a time in this world that was so horrific, it is hard to imagine it was real, let alone read about in such vivid details.
The Nightingale is an exceptionally well written poignant story about survival in occupied France during World War II.  For me the book was difficult to read because it was stark reminder of my mother's and older sister's story. Nevertheless, I am glad to have listened to my sister's recommendation and finally mustered the courage to downloaded the The Nightingale. It is definitely a book that I will not soon forget.
A very good book.  I enjoyed it very much. ItEven though the war was on when I was born I could relate to some shortages our country had.  The book made me so grateful that we were spared of being invaded in our country.  I do remember the air raids in Long Beach.  Very frightening but nothing like those poor people had in France.  The book made me grateful to have been born in America.  I highly recommend the book.
This is a gripping read. I couldn't put the book down - BUT it was very dark. Reading some of what the women endured during the war and the things that happened were difficult to read at times. The cruelty in parts was almost impossible to believe, and yet I realize these things did happen. That people can treat humans the ways described in this book in any situation, war is not, is a terrible testament to humanity.
This is a vivid account of two sisters' experiences during World War 2 in France.  Violent treatment by the German Nazis of the French people and Jews including starvation, vicious treatment and killings, and concentration camps were vividly described. A real eye opener and sometimes disturbing account. Very well written and captivating on every page. Another great book by Kristin Hannah.....I think one of her best!
The story draws you in from the inception. You feel like you are in the middle of France and enraptured with the sights, smells and taste of the country's loveliness. The darkness that falls upon France, the plight of the common family, specifically two sisters, is gripping and heart wrenching. This must-read novel captures the differing strengthens of these two women and the personal cost of war on love and family.
Well written account of two sisters who survived the occupation of France by the Nazi Regime in France.  The courage of the French Resistance and the horror inflicted on the French people, not only the Jews, was devastating.  This accounting of the French people and their courage is well depicted.  It should be read by all peoples of every nation.  Lest we ever forget what evil that was the core of the Nazi Regime.
The perspective of this book makes it very interesting.  We don't often read books that are written about WWII from a woman's perspective.  I don't know yet how little or how much of the book is fact based but the main characters were both very different in their approach to the war and yet, in the end, not really so different as they thought.  A book about survival in an impossible situation.  Well worth the read.
The Nightingale is the best novel I have read in a long time.  Beautifully written with a WWII story line that makes it nearly impossible to put down.  I read it three months ago, and I have suggested it to a number of fellow readers.  Everyone I have suggested it to has felt it necessary to go out of their way to thank me for the recommendation.  So I thought I would give this great piece one more positive review.
I loved this book.  It was hard to put down, and read it in about 1 1/2 days.  The story and the characters were well developed and was all so real that I felt like I knew them and lived through the war with them. I laughed out loud, I cried, it's been a while since I've read a book this good.  We are reading it for our book club and the feedback so far is that it was an excellent choice.  Can't wait to discuss it.
This is the BEST book by Kristin Hannah.  That is saying a lot.  Her books are all excellent.  This book puts you in the shoes of her characters and the bravery and love they demonstrate.  I read this book in three sittings....could not put it down...I was there and witnessed the cruelty of the Nazi and the love of the French people for Liberty and their sacrifices for their country.  A must read for everyone.!!!!!
This is a very, very good book.  A must read for those who enjoy reading novels set during the time period of WWII.  It is a moving story of two sisters and how each dealt with the struggles and challenges of life during the war in Europe.  From the first page of the story to the last I found I could not put this book down. I loved each character, their courage, and their weaknesses.  I highly recommend this book!!
I have been hooked on World War two novels for the past few months. The Book Thief, All The Light We Cannot See, Unbroken, Killing Patton, The Iron Cross, etc. I was born at the start of the War fortunately in the United States. I remember the bombing of Pearl Harbor and all the horror of the War. I have two cousins who were in the War and are still alive. This is a wonderful book and brought many tears to my eyes.
It is an excellent book.  I couldn't wait to get back to it to keep reading but be warned it's dark and depressing (as it should be for the topics covered).  This is a different angle from other books I have read about the terrible things that happened when German soldiers invaded (in this case it was France) and the Holocaust.  We see a relationship between sisters, family, neighbors and invaders.  It's riveting.
This is a wonderfully written and thought provoking historical novel.  The focus is on the role of French women in the resistance during WW II.  I was not aware of much about the French resistance and this novel was certainly an eye-opener in that regard.  Kristin Hannah is clearly a very accomplished writer and does an excellent job shining a light on feminist contribution to the horrific war effort in France.
I like The Nightingale because it is so well researched and held true to the stories of WWII I heard as a child growing up. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes historical fiction. I gave it a five star rating because the story rang true on so many issues and because of Ms Hannah's writing style. I was right there in the story from beginning to end.  Such imagery. This book should be up for an award.
Brilliantly written story, yet you feel, can almost find yourself caught-up in the dangerous attempts to bring freedom to those who were going to be captured by the Nazi. Izabella & Vianne were so different as sisters, yet served their beloved France in such heroic ways. Love always has a way of proving truth to be real, to be a binding factor in all relationships....even in the horror of war. A very good read!
Very good storytelling, and an unusual perspective on WWII, not such good writing. It could have benefited from editing out about 10% of the superfluous language, and a lot of the similes seemed awkward or forced. I may be old fashioned, but I don't think anyone has 22 great novels in them. To produce that many, corners have to be cut. Still, it is an intriguing look into what people are capable of in extremis.
I loved, loved, loved this book.  I read it twice so I could really absorb the story the second time.  I was so moved in reading it again.  It's beautiful, heart wrenching and so very sad but also shines with recovery and love.  I can't recommend it enough.  This story will stay with me for a very long time.  If you're looking for another read that is just as beautiful try "All the Light We Cannot See".
Before reading this, I hadn't realized women were such an integral part of the nitty-gritty of the French resistance. Isabelle and Vianne accomplished the seemingly impossible during the German occupation of France. Don't know how much of it was true, but it was an inspiring story, to say the least. A few plot threads puzzled me, but that may have been due to details I just missed. All in all, a wonderful book!
This book brought me right into the age and scenery so much so I caught myself thankful to live now and only know of then. What a vicious,horrible war.  Every time I read of it , it amazes me that humans could have been so cruel. I am more amazed at the heroism of the good human spirit of love and compassion. This is a well written story that I will never forget. Time for me to find another Hannah book to read.
Awesome historical fiction book!  The author is a great story teller and it kept me wanting to read more.  Because it's historical fiction, you recognize the places and events--she makes them really come to life.  What a difficult time in our history.  I can't even begin to imagine the pain, sacrifice, struggle, resilience...this book captures every element and the twist caught me off guard.  Highly recommend.
I thought I had had enough of World War II stories and would not have read this if it had not been my book club selection.  What an amazing surprise!  Marvelous characterization and fabulous research made this a great read.  So worthwhile to learn about the inside of the French resistance movement.  Cannot say enough about this story!  Characters you love and characters you hate!  You will not be disappointed.
This was an amazing book of hope and struggle of two sisters during WWII in France. I couldn't put it down. I hope a movie is made of this book. Some people had rather watch a movie than read a book and at least the non readers would get an idea of what happened in France during WWII. The characters were well developed and gave you the feeling of being right there with them. I LOVED this book, one of the best!
The characters in this book seem so real.  The story is  about two sisters who are part of the French Resistance during World War II, as is another family member--I don't want to ruin the surprise by saying who.  Several of my friends have also read this book and were as engaged in it as I.  Although it is fiction, the historical data seems accurate. The writer really brings the characters alive.  Great book!
This book was so moving, truthful and painful. It is much better than many books of fiction I have read about WWII. I  have family and friends who have read this book, and they all had high praise for it. The plot shows the complex choices that people had to make in occupied France. People don't often reflect on the human suffering that is involved with war. This book really expanded my knowledge and empathy.
I wasn't sure I wanted to read another story of ww2. Have read so many, what more did I need to know? This book is a masterpiece. Courage, fortitude, love and forgiveness are only the start. I was crying so much at the end, my husband was worried about me. Read this one, an amazing read that will stay with me for quite a long time. It has given me new insight into what French civilians endured during the war.
This is Kristin Hannah's best work to date.  Always enjoyed her books, but this one was EXCEPTIONAL.  Very well written, well researched, informative, entertaining - everything you could ask for in a book.  Will not go into the story as other reviews have taken care of that.  Do yourself a favor and get immersed in this powerful story.  You will not be sorry.  Looking forward to the next Kristin Hannah book!!
This book is a must read for any Kristin Hannah fan.  She brilliantly captures France during WWII through the eyes of two sisters who both show bravery in different ways.  You never know what will happen next.  Multiple times I found myself crying out unable to believe what I was reading and flat out bawling by the end of it.  Trust me this is one book that you will not put down until you reach the last page.
A work of fiction but a work of truth.  This book leaves you breathless but overwhelmed at the human spirit.  Should be required reading so young people will never forget and future generations will never allow history to be repeated.  This was a true story on so many levels.  It was heart wrenching and tragic, but there were moments of joy.  I lived this book and the remarkable spirit of the women portrayed.
Although this book got national attention, I found it to be very slow to develop.  I just wanted the author to "get on with it"!  I was reading it on my Kindle so I'm unsure as to the page number, but I didn't feel like it picked up until I was 65% completed with it. I also found it to be very "preachy" at the end.  Not one I'd recommend if you like novels that make you want tot keep reading!
At first I thought it was alright, and then it got better.  Then it got better again.  Then I couldn't put it down, except for a few times when I had to get a grip on my tears!  When I finished I went back and re-read a few parts because I wasn't ready to let go of the story!  I think this would make a beautiful movie, by the way.  Nothing in this book went in the predictable direction that I expected it to.
Best book I have read this year.  Wonderful narrative, compelling, thought provoking and with just enough of a twist to keep you guessing.  I enjoyed this book thoroughly and HIGHLY recommend it.  The first book in years that made me cry and not because of the horrific things that happened during WWII to the French during the German occupation.  This book has everything.<br/>Did I say I loved this book?????
There are books and then there are BOOKS that stay with you forever. This is a book that will stay with me. I absolutely loved it! The Nazi's and what they did horrifies me. Yet this story was told with a great amount of love in the a situation that is unimaginable.  Vivianne and Isabelle are women who are now a part of me. And I am grateful to have gotten to know them, as well as their families and friends.
I've read a lot of WWII novels. Some romanticize the war, others treat it superficially  - not this one.  I came away with a great respect and greater understanding of what these two French sisters did during the war to survive.  Both incredibly brave in quite different ways.  The whole concept of the Nightingale herself was surprising and awe inspiring.  For me it was a can't-put-it-down reading experience.
I have read a number of Kristen Hannah's novels but this takes her writing to a new level. The Nightingale is beautifully written with such depth of characters taking place in France during World War 11. Two sisters go to great lengths, each in their own way, to aid the resistance to keep Germany from taking over France. The ending of the novel is very moving and emotional.  It will bring tears to your eyes.
One of this best books of the year. Excellent plot & character development. The story was told in such a way that the reader could not put the book away for later. You wanted to read what happens next. Historical facts about the women of France's participation in the resistance movement during the Nazis invasion of France during the war were very interesting. It compelled me to learn more about the movement.
Anyone looking to lose themselves in a story should read this engaging book. Told as a memoir of her families ordeal in WW2, you are left with having read what dealing with unimaginable evil was like on a daily basis. If I got anything at all from Hannah's tale it is to love what is dear to you when able and not take our blessings we enjoy every day for granted. Well worth the read and heartily recommended.
I thoroughly enjoyed the book! And, I have recommended it to many of my friends.<br/><br/>There was ONE tiny error in the book. As a 'birder', I noticed it immediately! In chapter 22. page 253 on my Kindle, it says,"Vianne walked through the orchard, past a hummingbird hovering at the roses, to the gate." NOTE: there are NO hummingbirds in Europe. they are a tropical North and South American bird!
Having been born soon after WWII and only hearing stories about the feats and accomplishments of men it was great to hear about some of the accomplishments of women. In my 30s I became a member of Twirleybirds - a pioneer helicopter pilots organization and there I became fascinated by the stories of women and the roles they played in the war. As I get older I am discovering how many women are unsung heroes.
Hannah describes the German takeover of France and it's effect on the people in a way that makes one imagine more vividly what it was like for the citizens to live under the German rule. How people found strength to go on is hard to believe and Hannah used her characters to show that individuals came to that strength in their own time and their own way. A great read as I have come to expect from this writer
A story of survival  during ww2. It explains how women in particular survived while trying to raise their children.  This all takes place in France. Sisters, one reckless,the other conservative.  Isabella and Vianne.. The Nazis were cruel, food was scarce,They burned their furniture for heat.  Down ed pilots were saved by walking over the Pyrenees. Isabel was their guide. Vianne saved Jewish children.  Very
I finished this book just minutes ago.  I feel profoundly moved by what I have read.  I've heard countless stories about the war, but never have I felt it so keenly.  As I read, I began to care about the characters deeply.  The impact of their fear, pain and suffering was nearly unbearable.  Although the stories are painful, this author has crafted a beautiful tale.  This may the best book I have ever read.
So well written that it puts you right into the experiences, the suffering and the emotions that France endured during the reign of Hitler and his armies. A suspenseful story of the brave men and women who risk so much to protect and to aid the allies during a time of turmoil and desperation .  Whether there ever was a "Nightingale" in history, I'm sure she represented many who were as brave as she.
This is a marvelously well written and immediately engaging book. From the first page I was enveloped  in the story and transported to occupied France to vicariously experience decisions and consequences of resistance both organized and personal. It is a multifaceted look at love of family, love of country and feminism. It is a reminder that sometimes there is life after horror... and sometimes there isn't.
This story swept me away from the beginning, and never lost its hold on my heart and imagination. It has .adventure and romance, the agony of war, but most of all, an understanding of love in all its  dimensions. You will never forget the story, and it is another book that leaves you a different person. Read it and weep, read it and appreciate your life and what those of The Greatest Generation did for you.
I divide books up into seasons. This is definitely a quick summer read and I enjoyed it as such. I've read many books with Nazi Germany as the backdrop and this one sits mid-flow with an easy story line, predictable ending but maybe not enough detail where some could have been needed and too much in other areas. Get the cheapest copy you can get your hands on and enjoy it for what it was, a pool side read.
A well written, very engaging read, and a grim reminder of the tragedy of war and cruelty. The Nightingale, who helped downed pilots and Jews escape Nazi occupied France, was a fascinating character and her story was one of a parent's uncertain love, a difficult relationship with her sister and the discovery of the true love of her life, Gaeton, who survived to honor her memory. Highly recommend this book.
You immediately care for the characters.  Theses are some realy fierce women characters,  Have not finished the book yet but I know it all comes down to choice vs, goiing with the flow.  Knid of know that this is not going to end nice, but the author has such a good job creating the characters, you keep turning the page, even when, you are terrified what awaits you, and you're characters, on the next page.
From the first page I was hooked. The characters are so rich, complex and amazing.  I've read few books about WWII from a woman's perspective. I loved this book. The writing made me feel like I was on the journey with the sisters. They face incredible challenges, moral dilemnas and fears. It is a very emotional story but uplifting at the same time. Vianne and Isabelle will be with me for a very long time.
One of my best reads of 2015 and have already given it as a gift.  Read it just after All the LIght We Cannot See on an Amazon recommendation and glad I did.  Too much information would be a spoiler, but I can tell you it takes place during WW II and revolves around 2 estranged sisters and the kind of sad misunderstandings we have all had the misfortune to experience.  I had trouble putting this one down.
4.5 stars. I REALLY enjoyed this book. Far more than I expected. I was pleasantly surprised, mostly because I find some of KH's books to be predictable, melodramatic and trite. And while this book was, at times, all of those things, I still found the story to be incredibly moving. I finished it with tears running down my face, and, even after I closed the book, could not stop crying.<br/>Wonderful story.
Well written, taunt. When few of the choices you have are good, and all the bad choices have been made for you by circumstance, but you have to live with them. The articulation of these dilemmas are gut wrenching.  This is a story based on real people, for the most part unheralded. What you learn is that in war there are rarely good choices. I salute the author for addressing both the story and the issue.
I'm not much for writing book reviews, but this book was WONDERFUL.  I'd love to write an excellent book review, but I don't know what words to use.  Every character in this book was a little bit different, and the writer made you feel you knew each one of them.  The ending was so touching.  I could have cried, but I didn't.  I love books where people seem to survive against all odds.  Although not every character survives, the book gives a message of hope to all the ones who suffered during WWII.  The physical stamina of these people who were abused is indescribable.  And, I know it's historical fiction, but I feel this writer did a LOT of research, and, in real life, people did endure just what her story reveals.  Get the book!!!  A wonderful "pick" for a book club!
The suffering of so many in so many ways and the risks that people were willing to take for others are the two things that really stand out to me about this book.  It sure puts our problems into perspective.  This is a book about suffering, love, life, and doing what one has to do.  The character development is good and you can feel yourself in the tight-fitting shoes of them.  I hope I could be so brave!
Beautiful!!  This is my favorite genre, so I read everything about this time in history I can get my hands on.  I have read other books by this author and she never disappoints!!  Winter Garden was another book about WWII that was amazing!<br/>I cried several times during this read, but wept about the last 50 pages.  Now I have mascara everywhere and a throbbing headache!!  You succeeded again Ms. Hannah
I have enjoyed all of Kristin Hannah's books. She has a way of pulling you into the story and making you part if it.  This book is her best ever.  How she depicted the bravery and horrors the woman of France endured during WWII was heart wrenching yet so very touching.  This story touched me deeply and I will keep it and re-read it many times.  Thanks for an outstanding story of how it really was in WWII.
There were times I couldn't stop reading this, but I also had to take a break from the brutality of WWII<br/>My rating is based on that dichotomy.  Sometimes I loved the stories of these woman's lives and the courage it took just to be alive. And then it would get sappy.....and then it would get brutal...and then it would get interesting.  Hard to say if I would recommend it to my friends.  Probably not
I loved this book... It's a WWII story of the French resistance, and you love and admire all the characters. The end is a real surprise. After I finished, I gave the book to my husband to read, and he enjoyed it, too, so it's not just "chick lit." My copy of The Nightingale is now making the rounds of my friends, and they have all enjoyed the book, too, so I'd pretty much say it's a can't miss...
A book you will not soon forget....and SHOULD NOT soon forget.  This book is so well written and so painfully accurate that it's impact will be felt for a long time after it's read.  The occupation of France by the Nazis has never been so graphically and emotionally portrayed.  The pain, the suffering, the bravery of so many is told in a heartbreaking and uplifting manner.  I will never forget this book.
Kristin Hannah has done it again! Exciting? Yes. Engaging? Totally. Heart-wrenching & heart-warming? Both, one of the many things Kristin Hannah does best! Thought provoking and educational? Bonus! If you love history, this book will introduce you to a piece you may never have explored. "The Nightingale" will keep you engaged long after you finish the story. Once again, Kristin Hannah has a hit!!
The stories of the two sisters really bring to life the terrible choices and heartbreaking experiences of those living in occupied France during WWII. At the same time, the love and bravery shown by the characters keep the book from being depressing. Smart to  include the present day voice of one of the sisters--and not reveal until the end which sister is speaking and what happened to the other sister.
I could not stop reading The Nightingale until it was finished. It held my interest and was so informational. I had never realized the extent of the French during the war. Also, we have all learned and sympathized with the plight of the millions of Jewish people during the Holocaust, however The Nightingale explained how others were slaughtered, sent to concentration camps, and suffered many atrocities.
This is a story that keeps flowing along.  It makes you want to know what will happen next but be afraid to go too fast.  Then it would be over.  The story, the characters, the settings are all well developed and add to the enjoyment.  The characters often questioned their own actions.  It made me wonder what I would do and to what lengths I would go to in order to help my country and save those I love.
This book was recommended by a friend and she was so right. The writer pulls you into the story and I couldn't put it down until I finished it in less than a day. What beautiful characters and how deftly she portrayed them with her words. I cried at the end, the storyline was so real but her ability was already proven to me in a book I read previously. Thank you Kristin Hannah for your wonderful books!!
Being a longtime fan of Kristen Hannah, I was not disappointed.  I was transported to occupied France during World War II and entered the lives of the strong, female protagonists.  The plot kept me turning the page and rooting for these flawed characters.  The heroic actions and horrific experiences seemed almost unbelievable until I researched the events that the plot parallels.  I wept aloud at parts.
I did not make any remarks about the plot of this book because "plot" is unimportant to this wonderful<br/>story.  Everyone who has any interest in the history of western civilization should read this book.  I know zombie<br/>novels are the rage and it is because they demonstrate the human survival instinct but the "Nightingale" does<br/>the same thing in a far more compelling manner.
I am not often moved to tears. From this book it was a regular occurrence.  As a student of the Second World War this is the story I had not known before. Beautifully written with exceptionally drawn characters, it is a n exceptional novel which I would recommend without any reservation. Read it if you can handle the pain, the sadness  the love and the courage which flows throughout this brilliant work.
This book should be a required read for all.  Those of us who have never experienced the extreme sacrifice of those families and individuals who have given us the freedom we enjoy today.  Perhaps, hopefully so, we would understand the need to be ever vigilant in continuing to protect those freedoms every single day.  What we have today did not come from complacency.  Those crosses that we see in national cemeteries aren't there for decoration they were real people who actually did extreme things like those written in this book.<br/><br/>I am so glad I have read this book.
The story of two French sisters during WW 2 surviving German invasion and atrocities. Both found the courage, in different ways, to save others. The writing seeped into my heart and I found myself shocked at a loss, moved to tears, or joyful at the love experienced, all throughout the book. I have read much about the war and the sacrifices made, but I have never felt them as deeply as through this book.
This will be one of my favorite ever books!  I loved the story and it inspired me to read all of the hundreds of letters that my parents wrote to each other during WWII.  I have had these letters for years but never read them.  It will take awhile but so far it has been fascinating.  Sadly, both of my parents are gone now but this will only add to the wonderful memories.  I very much enjoyed this book.
Well written.,well researched, compelling . Yes. It is another WWII book.,and we have had lot  in the last few years. However NIGHTENGALE takes into the life of a family trying to survive in occupied France and the slow painful deterioration of their life as the war continues. It's a different point of view. Read it and you will be truly appreciative of living in a country that has never been occupied.
This is the perfect read for March- Women's History month!  These two women bloomed with every page I turned into vibrant, fierce, and victorious heroines in every sense of the word.  I was never so proud to be a woman as when I read this book.  I ached with every heart-wrenching choice and felt the difficult choices of all those who were at the mercy of this horrible war.  A journey well worth taking!
This is not just another book about World War II.  This is a story of how the occupation of France by German Froces actually affected every aspect of the lives of women and children.  It protrays the countless acts of courage demanded of people just to stay alive and the wonderful acts of valor that rose from their hearts.  I still hear the sound of the nightengale after many weeks of closing the book.
I was captured by this story. It takes you back to a time and place where most of us only know about from our history books. Kristen Hannah brings history back by telling a story about how these people really felt. She takes you through the emotional heartache and sacrifice innocent people endured. I will read this book again in the future. I recommend it. Some of it is heart wrenching so be prepared.
It was wonderful, captivated you from the first and never let you down throughout the whole story.  Learned how much women were a part of the resistance during the war and credit was never really given the to women.  Kristen Hannah is a wonderful author who has the compatibility to draw you and make you a part of the story where you care about each character as though they are a member of your family.
It is predictable only because we know the outcome of WWII.  But the interesting details of how the women of France, left behind, managed to feed and care for their families, keep warm, make clothes and resist the Germans.  It is a story that takes you back to a different time and shows the extraordinary strength of people during that horrible period of time.  I hated for the book to end.  I loved it.
I resisted reading what I thought would be just another tale of WWII but this is anything but. Yes, it incorporates much of what we know but through the lens of a once timid French housewive, Vianne and her impetuous sister, Isabelle. What they endure and what they accomplish are a testament to sheer will and courage. Expertly written, beautifully crafted, wonderfully told. Simply superb storytelling.
Nightingale tells the story of two women, sisters, molded, challenged, damaged, healed by war. One was a simple schoolteacher who despite horrendous loss did what she could to save the Jewish children of her village. The other risked her life repeatedly as a member of the French resistance. This is a story of love and loss. It is beautifully written and honors the memories of that greatest generation.
Wow....I rarely write a review and rarely give a book 5 stars.  However, Kristin Hannah knocked this book out of the park with a story set during WWII that was exciting and informative.  I started the book on a European vacation (mistake) and it is bad when you want to hurry and get past famous European landmarks so you can get back to the room and get back to my book!  That has never happened before.
How I often get caught up in the unimportant things going on in life.  Once I started reading Hannah's story, I felt a new appreciation for my own existence.  Isabella and Vianne are two of the toughest women I've met ever.  For those unbelievers in a woman's ability to survive against all odds, this story is bound to create a new respect for women. I could not put this book down until I completed it.
I absolutely loved this book.  I think I finished it 3 days after it arrived.  I couldn't wait to see how it would end.<br/><br/>You really live the story.  I felt as if I was walking the same streets the characters were.  It has been a reeeaally long time since I read a book that made me feel part of the story the same way this book did.<br/><br/>I'm looking for other books written by the author.
I normally like fantasy fiction but my mom talked me into reading this as the holocaust was close to her heart. This story is riveting. It immediately takes you to Paris and draws you into the lives of the characters. I felt hot anger, unspeakable joy, unbearable sadness and loss. I literally could not put it down. If you enjoy storytelling at its best - this book is one of the best I have ever read.
The plot was engaging and immediately drew me  into the story of two sisters during WWII.  I could hardly put the book down as the story more  intricately unfolded with each character.  The characters were believable and real in their suffering and compassion as their lives were shaped by the horrors of war.  I don't think I have been brought to tears so much by one book.  It was beautifully written.
I love history and historical fiction.  I have a special affinity for World War II, since my Dad was a combat infantryman in France, Belgium, Luxembourg, and Germany.  I totally enjoyed The Nightingale.  It is very well written and engaging.  Kristin Hannah did an excellent job telling the story of this French family and how the war affected each of them deeply.  I recommend this book wholeheartedly.
I have read many of Kristin Hannah's books but this exceeded my expectations.  She has done a great deal of researching this period of time and has made an historical period return to life with interesting characters.  A book that is hard to put down and at times hard to read.  We need to always keep this history alive for those who are too young to remember how truly terrible it was.  Good job Kristin!
I am crying as I write this. That's how much this book moved me. It is about Vianne and Isabelle, two French sisters and their part in the French resistance. One acted boldly and the other quietly, almost apologetically.  I guarantee their stories will move you. There must be millions of other stories just like theirs, but it was not wise to be open about your beliefs in Nazi occupied France in WWII.
Although this book is fiction, it tells the story of the brave women of France during WW2. Forced to do things they never imagined, these women saved the lives of others while France was occupied by German Soldiers. Forbidden love, harrowing escapes, protecting children by doing whatever had to be done make up. A story that vCard will not soon be forgotten. I would give ten stars if it was an option!
What a great book. I felt as if I was in a history class. If you love historical fiction, this is for you. One of the best I have read in a long time. Great story line, believable characters. This book brings up so many emotions. The horrors that people go through while trying to survive a war when the war is on your doorstep. This is the story of two sisters trying to survive, each in their own way.
I've always liked Kristin Hannah, but this book exceeded expectations. It was historical fiction with all of the major themes I love forbidden love, redemption, overcoming the past and mending family relations. I really think this was the perfect book for me.  I could not put it down! That hasn't happened in awhile even with a recent Pulitzer Prize winner that takes place in the same time and place.
How can anyone describe this heroic tragedy. It's so beautiful and sad and incredible. It's the most insight I have ever had to a side of the war no one really talks about. Was she real? The nightingale, her family, her friends? You hate France for surrendering and then realize the leaders failed their people. And the end. It's so well written. I want to go back to Paris and see it through her eyes.
A page turner...I could not put it down!  About 2 sisters that couldn't be more different but you love them equally for their strengths.  Set in France in World War II, two sisters who live in a small village find themselves estranged when they disagree about the imminent danger of German occupation. It is beautifully written!  No spoilers here.....but you must do yourself a favor and read this one!
Kristen Hannah paints intricate and very human characters that I feel like I know I intimately by book's end. The Nightingale is one of her best books. I cried several times and became thoroughly entrenched in the storyline.  It was hard to read at times, since she didn't spare the true details of a terrible war.  Couldn't stop reading at the end...and what a bittersweet and enjoyable ending it was.
I really enjoyed this book.  Our book club has read a few WWII storyline books but this was the first written from a woman's point of view.  The flashback narrative was also interesting as you weren't sure which sister survives to tell the story until the very end.  The story also provided an in depth and disturbing view of what it means to have your homeland occupied.  I highly recommend this book.
The Nightingale was so moving and wonderful. It was exactly what I was looking for in a book.  I began to love the characters and could imagine the horror of their stories as if they really happened. I couldn't wait to keep reading and to find out what happened in the end. I also appreciated knowing that someone survived since the story fluctuated back and forth between the time of the war and 1995.
A heart-wrenching story about strong family ties, extreme war-time hardships, loyalties and love.  This tale that is woven around two sisters that undergo transformations that take them from the petty disagreements that siblings often have, to emotional growths that find them closer, not only in their relationship, but in their shared understanding of each other and themselves.  Beautifully written.
Overall, this was a good book.  It was the first that I read after All the Light We Cannot See, so I might have had some unrealistic expectations, but I felt like it veered a little too close to romance novel territory at times.  There were some scenes that were heartbreaking and others that were trite- I feel like this writer is still finding her voice and, once she does, she will blow us all away.
Wonderfully written, totally engrossing book.  I laughed & cried while I listened to this book.  I even sat in the garage listening because I couldn't bear to stop the book.  I would highly recomend this book, my girlfriend has it now! The book is fiction, but it is written based on WW2 and the personal challenges for two sisters, in France, to overcome oppression and to become part of the solution.
One of the best books that I have read, and I have read thousands.<br/>Joy, sadness, pain, endurance, love, hope despair, beauty,  ugliness, cruelty, heart warming, incredulity,shame,fear.... every emotion that you think exists. As well as some you will learn about for the first time. The amazing strength for living a seemingly impossible life. The tiny pleasures. So well written. I love this book!
I probably cried throughout the last 30 pages of the book. World War II, set in France, comes to life through the telling of a story of one family: two sisters and the surviving father.The choices each made in their lives is revealed in horrific and heroic ways in this novel.<br/>This is probably not a well-written review. I'm just feeling so emotional and drained by this compellingly written book.
I have always loved ms hannah's books.  This was my favorite of all her books.  I've been interested in stories about world war 2 and this one did not disappoint.  I loved that Isabelle and Vianne were such strong and courageous women in the story.  I couldn't wait till the end to see who survived.  I haven't had a book bring me tears in a while and this one did.  A sure sign of a good book for me!
With the story being about this family and how the war affected so many people connected to them, and how everyone's life changed forever, it was hard to put the book down. It was full of real and raw emotion. The story was told in away that was both heartbreaking and heart warming.<br/>I would recommend this book for anyone wanting a family's perspective during such a hard, sad time in the world.
As one grows older, we are reminded of the times in our lives that were unbearable. Reading The Nightingale reminds us that there are those of us that have carried the heavy burden of a different life. To do anything to survive just one more day. This book was well written both capturing and breaking your heart at the same time. One of those to save  to read again when you think your life is tough.
A beautifully written novel of life in France during WWII and its impact on the lives of two sisters.  Based on a true story, Hannah's novel brings the time period to life for her readers and she develops strong characters that leave their mark on your heart.  The ending was a bit rushed and needed some more development of what happened in the years between.  A haunting book that left me in tears.
It's hard to explain the depth and level of greatest Kristin Hannah brings to each of her books. You FEEL so much when you read the Nightingale. Truly amazing story about perseverance, the human spirit, family, and war. It's unimaginable what people truly went through during WWII. Thank you so much for this amazing read! You never fail to make me cry ugly, laugh hard, and fall completely in love.
Beautifully written book about a difficult and sad time in history.  The stories were intertwined very well and it was easy to become invested in the characters and they choices they made and what they were living through.  Family, friendship, love and loss are all addressed in the book and I really didn't want the book to end.  The author did a good job of researching the details of World War 2.
I could not put this book down. I've read many books about World War 2 but none have made me this emotional. It made me sob. Does that make it a 5 star book? To me it does. I was so absorbed by this family that I was removed from my own issues. I wished for a happier ending but ... well I won't give it away.  If they make this a movie they better provide tissues.  I loved this book. Who wouldn't.
This is one of my favorite books so far this year.  The Nightingale held my interest all the way through - and what a thought-promoting ending! Two heroic sisters took very different paths to not only survive the German occupation of France, but also secretly assist other people. I know women did these very dangerous things during the war, but it is beyond my imagination how they had the courage.
I really enjoyed this book.  Not always historically accurate and characters' dialogues were not consistent for this historic period.  For instance, one character describing husband as not being good at changing nappies.  The novel is set in the late 1930s and early 1940s in France.  I don't think many men were changing diapers at that time. However, I did not find this too much of a distraction.
I remember the war when I was a young girl.  Blackouts where we had to turn  out our lights and sit in the dark until we got the all clear by a siren.  I was so frightened. I never realized what people went through in that war.  This book made me realize how fortunate we  were to have brave young men fighting for our freedom. I have read most every book by Kristin Hannah.  This one tops them all.
I loved the book.  Downloaded it from Audible but couldn't listen to it fast enough so I downloaded it to my Kindle.  After I finished the book I sat, not moving for 30 minutes.  I have been telling everyone about this book.  I have never read anything by this author.  I read and listen to audio books all the time.  My husband told me that the book I was reading must be really good!  Enough said.
A bit disappointed even if the story is based on truth.  There are so many Jewish novels and better<br/>told, i.e. Irene Sendler story which is non fiction and reads like fiction or Picoult's STORYTELLER<br/>which I may be confusing with Joyce Carol Oates' excellent Jewish novel.  But this one is rather<br/>slow, wordy and dull. I love pretty much all of Kristin Hannah books but this one,, no!
I have read most of Kristin Hannah's books and, as usual, this book did not disappoint.  The stories and characters stayed with me thru the day, taunting me with their adventures until I could continue my readings at night.  To say I love this book would do it injustice, it is a must read for anyone who loves dynamical women and the world that surrounds them.  I am a true fan,  thank you Kristen.
This book covers a part of history that is hard to hear but very important to tell. It was realistic and believable and very emotional. It is an epic story of France during the German occupation that does not get carried away with too much graphic description, but enough to get the idea across. It was not a glamorous or happy time, but it was a time of courage and conviction and the book was well written.
I know people love this book, and while I enjoyed it, it was not one of my favorites.  I couldn't tell you exactly what prevented it from becoming a favorite but there were things I liked about the book that kept it interesting enough to finish. It is not one that I would likely reread in the future.<br/>I would recommend it to the "right" people who would enjoy this type of literature.
I loved this book. Character development was outstanding. The book was very well written. The setting was well defined. I learned so much about the emotional war that those in the resistance and people in general were living and I loved learning about the exploits and dangers that all who were living in France experienced<br/>The hope that was never lost was so much like THE NIGHTINGALE's song!
A really gripping read about a period of time that so many books have been written about. I felt that the perspective of the French citizens living in occupied France was compelling and helps you understand how they felt and why they acted and reacted the way they did. The characters are remarkably well drawn out and their misfortunes were hard to take and you truly root for them.  A great read.
This book is phenomenal, simply put buy it, check it out from your local library or borrow it from a friend. I read this latest work from Kristin Hannah and by the end, I got down on my knees and was thankful for all the blessings in my life. I think Ms. Hannah's novels are always illuminating and inspiring, and "The Nightingale" is another great story in her amazing collection of works.
This was as good a look at what life was like during World War II that I have ever read. As a child growing up during that war I remember what rationing was like for us, but it was far worse for the Europeans especially the occupied countries. This story of survile in war time is beautifully told. You felt the pain these women endured as you read it. Before it ends you are reading through tears.
Great read.. well written historical fiction about the resistance movement during the second world war.  very believable and probably based on true events.  another one of those books I did not want to end.. two sisters, very apart in so many ways at the beginning, so misunderstood by each other almost all the way through.  excellent read.  I would rank this #2 to #1 All The Light We Cannot See.
Excellent book! Great characters and I miss the book now that I have finished it. This was a book that I would think about during the day and look forward to the evening when I had time to read it. This book has it all- family relationships, love stories, secrets, etc. Even though it is fiction, I felt like I learned a lot about life during WW2 and what the communities endured. Highly recommend!
I have been a fan of Kristan Hannah for many years.  The Nightingale is one of the best books I've read in a very long time.  Although I know it is a work of fiction as far as the individual characters are concerned, the atrocities described in the book actually did happen.  Historical fiction is one of my favorite genres and Ms. Hannah did a wonderful job of bringing this time in history alive.
Recently mostly reading 'chick lit' books, this book blew me out of the water. I finished it Saturday morning at 1:00am and still haven't been able to move on to another book. This book made me wish I paid more attention in history class. I am now very curious to learn more about what happened in France in WWII. It was an amazing journey reading this book. It will stick with me for a long time.
A very well written novel. It captures your imagination as if playing a movie in your head while reading.  I couldn't put it down! The weighty subject of the Holocaust was tempered by focusing on the individual stories of the sisters, but it still broke my heart several times throughout.  The catharsis was well done and gave the reader the sense of closure that's necessary for a plot like this.
A beautiful story of love, pain, struggle, fear, strength, sadness and survival. Touches on every emotion while telling the story of two sisters and their heroic efforts. The ending brought tears to my eyes. Kristin Hannah is one of my very favorite authors and her ability to tell a story is impeccable. I am never able to put a book of hers down and this one is no exception. Very well done!
I love this book so much. It paints a vivid picture of the horrors of war while being inspiring and uplifting at the same time. The characters were very well developed and I was passionate about all of them. While this may be fiction, I'm certain it tells the story of many women during WWII who refused to simply sit down and give up even though it might cost them dearly. Highly recommended.
I was born in 1942, an innocent to what was happening in a world very far from my own. The Nightengale informed me in a necessary way to be able to experience profound sadness, horror, and ultimate gratitude for how others survived that I may be born. Thank you,Kristen Hannah for this deeply touching recounting of how the French, the Jews, and all who suffered through that despicable time..
Fictional, but gripping, story.  It held me captive.
It eased into my heart slowly and had me jolted to the core at the end.  I cried tears of joy, despair, and from viewing and feeling evil and having the goodness and humility of humanity overcome atrocities.  It was very touching....I won't ever forget the distinct personalites of the sisters and how each were brave and courageous in their own way.  And, oh what a lovely and honest ending.
The Nightingale was one of the best novels I've ever read.  The writing was great - the characters so interesting and full of integrity.<br/>The way the author introduced the story was creative and unique - all in all a very worthwhile read.  The courage of the men and women<br/>in wartime is amazing.  I was in awe of all of them.  The author did a wonderful job of telling their stories.
This book gave me insight into the horrors of war and the part that the French Resistance and the women of the resistance played in the allied victory in WWII. They showed incredible character and resilience in the face of the devastation of their way of life and the destruction of their families and communities, while at the same time doing whatever they could to help save their homeland.
Kristin Hannah has done it again. The Nightingale is a powerful book of love and loss set against the backdrop of WWII in occupied France. It's the story of two sisters and how their lives were affected by the Nazi's taking over their home country of France. It is heart wrenching, gripping and beautifully written. It is one of her best novels to date. A MUST read, I could not put it down.
I like Historical novels where you learn a little something about the past. I learned a lot about the women left in their homes during WWII in France and about the French Resistance who were just everyday people.  The suffering and sacrifices made can never be fully understood, but brave men and women should never be forgotten. The Nightingale embraces those topics. This is a 5 Star book.
The book is a captivating story of women finding their strength, one of them for the first time.  Set in France during World War II, the atrocities of war were gut wrenching at times, but exposes the reader to a reality that should not be forgotten, ever.  A surprise ending added even more to the lingering effects of this fabulous story of women and courage and love.  Highly recommend it.
I always know what to expect from Kristin Hannah - complex relationships and characters, beautifully written story-telling, and stories that haunt me. 'The Nightingale' was no exception. Two very different sisters trying their best to survive in Nazi-occupied France in WWII.  The story is heart-breaking, and yet heart-warming. Kudos to Kristin Hannah. You are a master of the written word.
Another novel portraying history that took place in my own early years.  It was amazing to see all the suffering that went on, even to non-Jews.  History books and movies have dealt with the Jewish sufferings, but I had never read about the general population struggles.  What a sad deplorable time.  The book moved along quickly and I never questioned that it told the "true" story.
Amazing story! The characters are believable and you can't help but relate to them, throughout both their struggle and success. The story draws you in and keeps you turning the page to see what happens to these sisters. You have to find out if they survive, if they survive. There was even an element of suspense that kept me guessing right until the end. One of the best books I have read.
The Nightingale had me from the very first page and all the way up until the very last page. I'm almost sad that I finished it because I looked forward to reading it every night. Hannah does an incredible job of building the characters through an unbelievably vivid story.  Not once did she lose me and she ended the book perfectly which has proven very hard to do. This is a must read!!!!!
Loved this World War II historical fiction and was both captivated and devastated like never before. Couldn't put down the story that alternated between sisters, Vianne and Isabelle. Finished the book in tears and rushed to tell other book lovers to pick it up. Felt love, longing, hate, and redemption like I've never known from reading a book. Their stories will haunt me for a long time.
The story of two French sisters during WWII and the horrors that they experienced when human beings became mean animals. This novel is fiction, but it is very well written and it is worth reading it as it consists a very valuable testimony of happenings that should not be repeated ever more, even though we are having it  once and again in Africa and the middle East, as well as Palestine.
Many books written about this time in history, but this book had a different twist.  The characters were well defined and you wanted to<br/>know more and more about each one.  I would recommend this book to any age group.  The events pulled at your heart strings and tears were<br/>easy to flow.  The family relationships were complex and understandable.  You won't want this book to end!
VERY WELL WRITTEN STORY OF TWO SISTERS WHO HELP IN DIFFERENT WAYS THE RESISTANCE MOVEMENT IN FRANCE DURING WWII. THE STORY GIVES YOU EXCELLENT INSIGHTS INTO HOW THE FRENCH WERE TREATED BUY THE GERMAN OCCUPYING ARMY.<br/>CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT IS OUTSTANDING. PACE OF THE STORY VERY GOOD. VERY MOVING. DONT LOOK FOR HAPPY OUTCOMES. THIS WAS A VERY DIFFICULT PERIOD IN HISTORY FOR THE FRENCH.
This book was my book club's first pick of 2015. I'm so glad we chose to read this wonderful book! It was well written and covered things that occurred during WWII that I was not familiar with. Ms. Hannah draws you into the story and makes you emotionally attached to the characters and their circumstances. I found myself in tears by the end of the book. Such a wonderful ride of a novel.
Set in Paris this story follows the family of Nazi resisters during the II world war.  Each persons loves, losses and sacrifices are told in intimate detail.  Each character is drawn with their gifts and flaws on display.  Women's roles in war are rarely told from her perspective.  This book reveals. those women who persevered so their men had something to come home to.  Glad I read it.
I read a lot of historical fiction and this story by far has been the absolute best.  It is heartbreaking to know the atrocities that the Jewish people and others suffered at the hands of nazi soldiers.  This book does an excellent job describing what people went through. The characters of the book draw you in and make you love them.  Do yourself a favor and make time to read this book.
Beautiful book.The struggles of war and what people went through. The atrocities of the third reich are unforgivable but Ms. Hannah reminded us that not every German was on the same page as Hitler. The sacrifices that people made for friends and family is always an inspiration. I don't think many people realize how ugly this was and how challenging it was, especially for those in Europe
Kristin Hannah has a great writing style that helps the reader lose themselves into the plot of the story line. This book had intrigue, mystery and history of World War 2. In the end all that mattered was the love and friendship that it takes to endure pain and hardship. Families came together and neighbors risked their lives to keep their children safe. In the end sisterhood prevailed.
It is an absorbing novel.  I almost did not read it, because I knew it was going to be about the inhumane treatment of civilians--particularly the Jews--in France during World War II.  I read for pleasure, not to become sickened and full of revulsion.  Still, the story and its characters were worth spending time reading.  I've read most of her novels.  This is probably the best so far.
I just finished "The Nightingale" and the tears are still falling.<br/>Kristin Hannah has brought to life the terror, sadness,courage and love and endurance of one family during the German occupation of France in World War II. I really could not put it down. This is a must read for everyone to remember the suffering, bravery and loss people lived through during these unspeakable times
This is a wonderful novel! Set during World War 2, Hannah tells the story of an estranged widower and his two daughters who each become involved in the French Resistance,  and find their way back to each other in the process.<br/>This gut-wrenching tale reveals the horrors perpetrated on the Jews, and on subjugated nations during Hitler's tyrannical reign.<br/>I couldn't put it down!
With a very busy time in my life I just got away from reading, I always found something else that needed to be done.  When I realized how much I missed sitting down with a good book, I searched long and hard to find something that would take me on an adventure. Something out of the ordinary and I found it in The Nightingale, the best book I've read since The Geisha Girl many years ago.
This book was hard to put down.  The whole time I was reading it I kept thinking that one can never really imagine how brutal life was for the French during this time.  The author does a great job of conveying the misery of the war and the uncertainty of whether or not you will ever see your loved ones again.  It is a poignant reminder that we should never take our freedom for granted.
Really enjoyed this book.  I like to read books about WWI and it's interesting to see how people, especially the women of that time, coped with the war during that period of history.  It's sad and hard to understand how humans can be so inhumane to one another.  I don't usually like to describe a book in my reviews and prefer that the reader find their own way.  I highly recommend it.
I could not put this book down.  For those of you interested in any aspect  of WWII this book takes you through the life of a family, separated, suffering and surviving during the Nazi occupation in France.  It truly makes you think about how people survived this terrible time.  If you still have parents that lived through the war ask them to share their stories. We must never forget.
Very well-written: the language draws you right into the story. I felt  as though I was right there in the midst of the pain and the profound love. Many times the words brought tears to my eyes. I recommend this book to anyone who is interested in knowing more about the suffering of living through years of war--in this case WWII--and about the redemptive power of love. Beautiful book!
The Nightingale was a well-written story with developed characters and interesting plot twists. I really enjoyed this book and would recommend it to anyone. Hannah does a great job with painting a picture of what it was like to live in France during WW1 and it was easy to imagine the setting she was describing. I highly recommend this book and look forward to reading more from Hannah.
I have read many of this author's books and have loved them all. But this one is my new favorite. I finished it last night and felt like I have lost 2 dear friends - the two sisters in the book.  I became very attached to the characters and gained new understanding as to what life was like in France during WWII.  Kristin, Thank you for writing such amazing books, they enhance my life.
A powerful war drama, but it followed such a banal trite introduction I almost stopped reading. And the use of multiple narrative voices diluted my emotional response to the horrifying events occurring during the German occupation of France. I still gave this novel 4 stars because it brought me a new understanding of the psychological trauma of war on the exposed civilian population.
“The Nightingale” was a wonderful read.  I loved sharing the journey of these two amazing, strong sisters dealing with war from totally different perspectives.  Even in the description of horrific events, Hannah’s writing is captivating and emotionally fulfilling.  I highly recommend “The Nightingale”, particularly for women and history, and because courage and love are at its heart.
I'll not forget this book for quite sometime.  Incredible sadness but triumphant with hope. This is a beautifully written story of heroism beyond description but kept buried along with the many souls lost during the horrific days of Nazi rule in France. This book will not disappoint. It lingers in your thoughts, you find its the last thing you think about when you sleep. Thank you V.
A tale of two French sisters who chose different paths during Nazi occupied France. One sister is willful and impetuous while the other sister is cautious and reserved.  Their hardships, struggles and decisions to survive were disturbing. There were a few loose ends but overall it was a great read. The ending was surprising and caused me to shed a few tears.  It's worth recommending.
The Nightingale is a masterful product of intense research and compassion for the emotional and physical burdens placed on the French people during the German occupation of World War II. Quick paced, enhanced by vividly described countrysides and graced with three-dimensional characters, this novel carries the reader into a thrilling and adventure-packed, deeply emotional experience.
Did I really sit in my reading chair crying uncontrollably while finishing this masterpiece? Yes, I did. Character development, plot development, universal theme development-- I'm not sure any piece of the puzzle was missing in this World War II book. In a time when the enemy is a blur, the co- conspirator a mist, normal is abnormal, and family is a tentative bond, Hannah nailed it.
This World War II novel tells the story of two sisters in France, who dealt with the war in very different ways.  They dealt with their difficult childhoods I different ways also.  This novel of both the Resistance and the occupation give a powerful story of courage in the face of evil.  I thought the characters, even some of the Nazis were multi-dimensional and beautifully written.
I have read quite a few WWII stories and this was a unique one told from a different perspective - the women. A line from the book that rang so true..."Men tell stories...Women get on with it. For us it was a shadow war. There were no parades for us when it was over, no medals or mentions in history books."<br/><br/>Be sure to read the last few chapters at home -  tears will flow!
This is the best book that I have read for a long time.  The story of incredibly brave sisters will leave you heartbroken and full of despair and yet at other times fill you with hope and pride.  This story will keep you hanging with suspense and hope until the last page.  Even upon finishing this beautifully written book, these characters will remain with you in your heart forever.
Full of tension, this book was a hard to put down book, even though at times, reading on was bad for sound sleep. It was easy to become emotionally involved with these courageous young women and feel grateful for the predictable and mostly safe life I live at present. The author has captured the spirit and bravery of these people when faced with extreme hardship during World War 2.
A slice of history. Though very moving it was written a bit like a soap opera which I hate to say given the horror the French went through. The end pulled all the loose story lines together and had me shedding a few tears. It is an interesting read and keeps you involved. I would definitely recommend it.  It reads like a beach book with historical tragedy.  If that makes any sense.
A remarkable book that will break your heart, take  your breath away and then do it all over again. I found myself stealing away to read any pages I could, wanting to keep up with the wonderful characters in her story. Ms Hannah beautifully captures the bravery, desperation, evil and tragedy of this time ....  And amazingly enough the love that could still win out. Loved this book.
I must admit that I was expecting more after reading the reviews and the prize received by the author.  Another twist on the German Holocaust in France was not really what I should have read.  It was extremely revealing on the methods used to coerce the French people into submission and the courage it took to resist.  The radio technology added a dimension that I hadn't thought of.
If you like to read historical fiction about WWII, this book will really grab you.  The setting is a small town outside of Paris, France and German has invaded and taken over France.  The story is from two sisters' viewpoints and truly depicts the horrors of that time, especially for the women left behind to survive.  You will feel the anguish and hardships and will cry at the end.
I am a reader. It does not matter where I am or what I am supposed to be doing I love a good story. This one had me reluctantly going to sleep at night and then eager to wake up to continue this book that was beautiful and brave as well as horrifying and tragic. The Nightingale came to life with the words written by one of my favorite authors. and will live with me for a long time.
This book makes you experience the characters pain, fear and love in a way that haunts you long after you finish reading it. During a time when their world was full of suffering and despair there is hope, devotion and family. I am heartbroken for the suffering and loss that was experienced by so many during their life. I want to thank the author for writing such a beautiful story.
What a wonderful story that tells us how things happened to so many. I can not imagine how anyone survived after such horrible those times were. In school we read our history books but never were we told about the real people who suffered and fought so hard to live. This book made my heart ache for all the people who were killed tortured and starved.  A life we could never imagine
There are many words to describe this book but I only had my choice of one.  Most books have more than one word to describe the mood.  I found this book to be hopeful to the end which it was, nostalgic because it was in my time frame, naturally suspenseful without saying and therefore I just marked thoughtful.  You should let a reader have more than one choice in these questions.
This was not an easy book to read because of the subject matter but I'm glad I read it. It reminded me that we take so much for granted (food, clothes, warmth in the winter, freedom) and that all it takes for evil to flourish is for good men to do nothing!  It's also a good reminder that we never know by looking at someone's current circumstances what they've endured in the past.
It takes a mastery of words to personalize the inhumane behaviors of twisted minds perpetrating unspeakable horrors upon those who believe differently.  And then personalize it in a way that  the inexplicable mental and physical descriptions never overwhelm the reality of the courage and weaknesses the storyteller is trying powerfully to bring us in touch with.  Brilliantly done.
To me, the author brought home the horror of Nazi occupied France as well as any fiction or non-fiction re: the same era. No one was safe from savagery and persecution. I wonder if any of her other novels meet the same high standards as this one? She gives no easy answers to the moral dilemmas she poses, stays historically accurate, and creates characters as flawed as we all are.
This book was written so well and brought to life a period in the 2nd WW that is often spoken about but never really looked at from a female's role. It is a heart-wrenching tale of family, love, and war. The complexity of the character development is amazing and keeps you thoroughly involved. The story and writing made me very emotional, especially at the final parts of the book.
I wasn't sure what to expect when I first started reading this book. Kristen Hannah is one of my favorite authors, and I love all of her books. This was different for me because of its story about the war. I didn't know what to expect. It wasn't until half way through the book not I couldn't stop reading it.
The story is set in advance during world war 2 and focuses on a dysfunctional family trying to get through. None of the characters are too endearing, one sister being rather meek and weak and the other being one dimensional in her hard headedness. The War is the best developed character in the book. This was a pleasant book to read over a weekend but won't likely linger with me.
Always fascinated by stores taking place in World War 2.  This seemed to be a very real telling of a happening during the Holocaust.  Pretty devastating stuff.  It is a work of fiction, but definitely could have......and probably did.....happen many times during this period of our history.  The author did a great job of keeping my interest throughout the book.  I'd recommend it.
I would like to really give this story 4-1/2 stars it is that good.  I reserve giving 5 stars to a very select few.  I enjoyed this story about the French Resistance during WWII and the tale of the two sisters and how they were affected. Hannah writes with good historical accuracy, develops the characters nicely and moves the story along so I was always interested and intrigued.
First time to read one of her novels. But will not be the last one!!!! The Nightingale was and is a very well written novel. I would find myself during the day after reading the previous evening what that period in history was really like. The author did an excellent composition to let me have an insight.<br/><br/>Thank you for a great novel. I look forward to your next novel.
This is a gripping tale of 2 sisters living in German occupied France during WWII. The author brings to life the cruelty and horror of the Nazi occupiers, the struggles of the French citizens to survive under difficult circumstances, and the 2 sisters' very different ways to live out their sense of right and wrong. You won't want to put this book down until you have finished it!
I loved this book although there is much pain and ugliness in it. I loved how the story unfolds and the relationships are intertwined.  There is much to be learned in this about sisters, love, family, the ugliness of war, heroism, and the strength of the human spirit. I wasn't sure I was up for reading another World War II novel, but I'm so glad I did. This is a wonderful story.
This book immediately made my favorites list. The relationship between father and sisters is as heart wrenching as it is real, and Ms. Hannah's words pull you right into the French countryside. I could not put this book down, and yet never wanted it to end. I also love the historical accuracy and learned so much about the French Resistance during WWII. Well worth the time spent!
I loved this book. I thought the story held together well. The way it ended to Give me intrigued to the very last page. I had to get up early one morning to finish the book because I was close to the end and wanted to see how it was wrapped up.it's a story that has been told with variations over the last 50 years. However, I loved the book and I am recommending it to my friends.
The Nightingale is a must read! The story tells of two sisters and how they deal with the difficulties of war. Since the sisters have such diverse personalities, their bravery manifests itself differently. Hannah has written a novel filled with compassion, emotion, history, and depth. I find that I'm still reflecting on the story after completing the book. I highly recommend it!
Best book ever! I love Kristin Hannah’s books and the best one for me was Winter Garden! BUT The Nightingale……I would have given this book 10 stars if I could. Just make sure you have a BOX of kleenex handy. Can’t stop thinking about this story and the truth behind it. I keep asking myself how could people be so cruel. But thank God, through it all there is always unsung heroes!
I found this book most thought provoking.<br/>It made me realize how good people can find themselves doing bad things and how often the worst sin is when people do nothing to stop bad things from happening.<br/>It also made me think about what I might have done if I'd found myself (in particular) in Vianne's position.  Hers I believe was a true test of strength and character.
The best book I've read this year and I read a lot.<br/>The story of the two sisters is all the more impressive in that both stories are compelling as we move to the climax.<br/>And the author earns all the tears readers shed at the end.<br/>It's been a while since I have recommended a book this strongly to others, knowing how much they will enjoy it.<br/>And everyone does.
It,s been a long time since I read a book that I literally couldn't put down.I would fight going to bed as I wanted to keep reading. I read this in 48 hours. It would have been sooner but I did have to get some sleep. I felt as though I was a part of this book.I dreamt about it when I slept.I really felt like I knew and loved these sisters.I would recommend this book to anyone.
The Nightingale  is a real page turner.  The writer made me feel as if I were in France during the war and experiencing all the trauma that the characters were going through.  Through excellent character development my eyes were opened to many historical and factual things about World War II and how the French people suffered.  And, the best part was that it had a happy ending.
A moving, inspirational story that leaves you feeling happy and sad at the same time.  The details of these lives feel totally authentic, as if you were there with them through their journey.  I feel I learned a lot about what happened to the women left behind, when men go off to war.  Bravo to these strong women for holding on to their families during the most trying of times.
A beautiful story.  It makes one really admire the French people.  I was a teenager during WWII  and thus was not fully aware of its effects on occupied Europe,  though we heard  some about it. I actually heard a lot more about how  it was affecting the British.  I think today's teenagers should read it to help them understand what the world experienced during that awful time.
Kristin Hannah is a good storyteller.  This perspective, from the women left behind to deal with the German occupation on their own was realistic, and fascinating in a horrifying kind of way.  Kristin's story tells us women can find their own strengths and survive with their scarred souls still intact.  I will read another Kristin Hannah book and recommend this one absolutely.
It is a book for all to read.  We have so much we take for granted.  Hard to believe how MUCH those who were part of that era with the War had to suffer.  The German's were relentless and awful.  It really tests mettle during trials.  Lots of bravery, risks and survival of the fittest!  I enjoyed it even though I had to put it down several times because of the darkness & hurt.
I usually avoid books like this because they sometimes get mired down in the war instead of actually representing the people who fought it.  Not this one.  I thoroughly enjoyed every page in getting to understand these characters.  Ms. Hannah brings the reader directly into the 1940's with her descriptions of France and its inhabitants during the bleakest time of that century.
Set in WWII in France, this story is about a family's love and particularly about two sisters who have chosen very different lives but share a sometimes difficult love for one another as they both, unknown to the other, become French resistance fighters and find their own loves. The plot is gripping and delightful. This is a must read! I would love to see it made into a movie!
This was a painfully hard book to read, but it was also a very hard book to put down.  Nightingale was a much more beautifully written and intimate account of the pain and suffering of WW II than Unbroken or All The Light We Cannot See.  And reading the opening chapters while the migration of Syrians was going on in Europe only brought the tragedy of the story into real life.
I found this very interesting. It told so much about a part of France's History that it would rather forget.  They betrayed their own people and failed to protect neighbors  who were Jewish.  I have always been interested in the underground that was formed during that time in our history.  My question is could it happen in this country  neighbor against neighbor?Think About I
I'm on vacation here in France reading this amazing book. Had no idea of its content. I have enjoyed reading other books by Kristin Hannah and so bought it on Kindle  for this time away. Has been a very moving and gripping read and as far as my research has gone, a very accurate account of life  in France, with all its atrocities, during the struggles of the Second World War.
The author builds her story from the beginning to help the reader understand how the family dynamics form. World war II in France creeps ever forward to enclose the family. At one point I couldn't wait to read on and get to the relief of a "satisfying solution?" The actual solutions were not the "cookie cutter" ending I had envisioned.  It is a very good read.
Extraordinarily well written. Description makes one feel they are an observer there. The fact that it is based on a true story makes it particularly intriguing. An event in history that should not be forgotten. One of the better reads in a long time. One can see the characters and feel the highs and lows they endure. Can not be read with out shedding a few tears. A must read.
Historical Fiction at it's best. Kristin Hannah tells the story of two sisters and how each of them copes with the German occupation of France during World War II. The descriptions are vivid and haunting. Each sister has her own story and suffers the calamity of war without knowing how the other is managing the horrors of war.<br/>A well written story and a recommended read.
Didn't know what to expect having never read a Kristin Hannah novel before; however, after reading this one, I can honestly say I am a new fan. The Nightingale was read written, and other than a somewhat slow start, it kept me entertained throughout. The book gave excellent insight on the suffering, and courageous acts of some French men/women during WWII. Highly recommended!
This book kept showing up in the recommended for you section on my kindle , and I kept shying away from another book about world war 2. I have read a lot of them and was bored by the idea of reading one more. This book is anything but boring. It is magnificently beautiful. If you read one book in your lifetime this could be it. This is a story that will stay with me forever.
I have been reading from childhood from The Boppsie Twins, to James Patterson, I read Once We Were Brothers, Sarah's Key, The Lost Wife and The Nightengale was recommended and I must say that this book is at the top of my list. It is an emotional story and I just couldn't put it down. Excellent, excellent writing, so if you're looking for my recommendation this is it! Enjoy!
I love history and historical fiction. I also knew about many of the details of this time period in France and this book gave so much life to the events I had read about before. It is a story rich  in relationships with lessons still to be taught. It is a spiritual story of loss and of love and so much courage and hope. I feel like I've actually met the people in this story.
This is a beautifully written book about two sisters in Nazi-occupied France.  Both sisters find the strength to resist the Germans in their own way. The book has incredible detail about the lives of the Parisans without becoming tedious.  This book broke my heart at times, but the courage and determination of the women was also uplifting. I would highly recommend this book.
I LOVED this book! It was gripping and I couldn't wait to see how it turned out.  I feel like it's a different type of book from Kristin Hannah. It was historical, based on actual events in WW11. But the characters are well written and compelling and the events they find themselves in are horrific. I seriously loved this book and have already recommended it to many friends!
I love historical fiction and books about WWII. It was my parents generation, one of courage, determination and the belief in something more than selfish ambition. A belief in something bigger than ourselves, in family, country and God, sadly lacking in today's world to some extent. This book embodies this generation and is so well written and inspiring. Highly recommended!
Beautiful story about an awful time in history.  The characters and their relationships and the challenges they faced were very interesting, and complicated.  I've read most of Kristin Hannah's books and found this to be the deepest and most engrossing.  I highly recommend this book, especially for those who have an interest in WWII, particularly in France during that time.
I have read most of Hannah's book. I liked that this time her characters not only have to deal with their own suffering but also with  the vulnerability of most French men and women. And Hannah is not a feminist, but she enhances the perils  that women went throug in WWII as well as in other wars- and the courage they had to live under terrible circumstances and to survive.
We know what the Nazis did to Jews, but this book tells a captivating story of some unheralded French resistance fighters and political prisoners, some captured and held in the same punishing concentration camps in which the Jews were kept, tortured, and killed. The story is a well crafted page turner, although the ending is a bit contrived, it is emotional and conclusive.
This book is filled with heartbreak, loss, struggle and devastation but it's also about love, strength, family and forgiveness. It's a captivating story that gives you a glimpse at a dark time during our history. You can help but get immersed in the story and connect with the characters. It's a great book that you won't want to put down and you'll be sorry when it is over.
I have been a fan of Kristin Hannah for years, but was totally unprepared for this significant shift in her depth & soul wretching depiction of Nazi Occupied France. Ms. Hannah has clearly moved into a new phase. Her research is accurate. Her story telling keeps you on edge. Kept asking myself if I had the resilience to survive what these women endured. Keep tissues handy.
Riveting tale of the role of women during WWII.  What it took to survive and what it took to protect their children while their men were gone.  It is a real page turner and I found it quite difficult to put down!  The twists and turns for the main characters keeps the reader in the dark as to whether that particular character survives or not with a big surprise at the end!
A beautiful story about two sisters and how they survived the Second World War. Kristin Hannah made me feel like I was living in this time and experiencing what the sister's were living. I can't stop thinking about the people in this story. I can't imagine surviving what people endured during this war in France. I was not disappointed in the least after reading this story.
Fabulous book! This book is so special and well-written. I felt I was right there in the middle of the war witnessing and feeling everything. The characters are well developed and interesting. The story makes the reader realize the horrors the French people and especially women had to endure during World War Two. This book will be a classic for all time. It is a must-read.
This was a really good book and I had a hard time putting it down. So I didn't get a lot of sleep. I  wonder if I would have had the courage to do what many people did to save the Jewish people. I hope so ! They inspire me to be a better person. I am still amazed how cruel we human beings can be to  one another; and on the opposite spectrum, how selfless and kind we can be
This book is hard to put down,once you start the first chapter. I loved the even pace of this book.<br/>I would recommend this book for anyone that likes history and extremely brave characters. I especially like a book that I don't have to keep giving it twenty more pages to,try and get interested! This happens to me more than not. Buy it and settle down for a great read!
This is a charming, happy, sad, historical and fictional recount of excellent characters living through a horrific war. It is not to be taken as a deep factual recounting, but rather a fictional interpretation of what day-to-day survival was really like.... And it works very well as that. I found it a lovely book, not the best ever as the genre, but totally worth reading.
I didn't know very much about the French resistance experience and found this to be an interesting way to learn about what some of the people, both Jewish and not, went through during this hideous time.  I was surprised to find the tears streaming at the very end.  I didn't expect to be so moved after having read about many of the atrocities that had occurred.  Good book.
Could see a film as I read, scenes were so clearly and simply written, moving.<br/>Realistic character development...two sisters and their father often misread each other, yet each expressed their courage differently.<br/>There was even a surprise ending--love to be surprised at my own assumptions.<br/>Seems we never get enough reminders of the horrors that war brings.
WWII France from the perspective of two very different and courageous sisters.  The horrors of war, of deprivation, of inhumanity are painfully detailed.  The characters- major and minor- are skillfully drawn.  So much so, I anxiously poured through the final chapters, cursing this darned Kindle and its lousy battery.  5 stars are rare from me.  This novel deserves all 5.
I am a huge Kristen Hannah fan, but she outdid herself with The Nightingale. I finished it three days ago and still find myself reflecting on the characters and events of the story. I would love to see this in a film. No film ever completely captures a beautifully written story, but this one is epic and should play out on the big screen!  Thank you for an amazing journey!
This is the first time I have  read any of Kristine Hannah's books.  I thoroughly enjoyed the way it was written, the story, the allusion to the historical events that took place during the years of the Second World War and the intrigue and suspense of the story.  I typically read historical fiction or biographies, and thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It moved very quickly.
This book was spell-binding.  Kristan Hannah really know how to write a book so that the reader sees, feels and smells what the characters are seeing, feeling and smelling.  It's a must read for the younger generation who were born long after WWII.  We just cannot forget what happened during that war.  We must not repeat history, but learn from it.  What a fantastic book.
I loved this book! It was very well written and held my interest throughout.I wasn't entirely sure who the 1995 narrator was until the very end.  The plot was complex and woven together very nicely, but with at least one significant unanswered question - why did they move to the US?  Also, would have loved to hear more than a page worth from their father's point of view.
This novel pulled me in and I almost forgot I was reading fiction.  The author made me feel the atmosphere of degradation, fear, and violence created within the French civilian population by the Nazis.  The two sisters in The Nightingale handled the Nazi occupation in very different ways, but I found myself caring deeply about both of them.  This is a book worth reading.
This is one of the best books I have read.  I will never forget this story, very touching and heartbreaking at the same time.  I am now reading more of this author's books.  The ending made me smile and cry at the same time.<br/>As for the publication, the print was very small, and book was of poor quality.  I ordered the large paperback, and I was disappointed with it.
A real to life story that makes one feel the dangers and deprivations of war. It shows the particular horror of ethnic cleansing. The Nazis here, but I'm sure these atrocities translate to all times in history where one group tries to wipe out another.<br/>There is so much of humanity's bravery love and sacrifice that it makes it a great book, not just a depressing one.
I am so thankful that my book club chose to read this book. This is Tuesday and I've just finished this book. At the end of this week I have to speak to a gathering of women about celebrating life. Reading this book has inspired me to work even harder to let these women know how blessed they are and to encourage them to choose each day to celebrate and appreciate life!!!
This is the best book I've read in a long time, and I read a lot.  It's a story full of the history and tragedy of World War II, but it's so much more.  It tells of the incredible suffering and evil of that time that was overcome by the love, courage and faith of two sisters, and the French resistance movement they were swept into.  It will touch your heart, I guarantee!
I LOVED the book.  Just loved it.  I loved the fact that that the book revolved around strong women who were quiet heroes, living in intolerable circumstances.  The horrible choices that people had to make during World War II and the pure evil of the Nazis reminds us to "NEVER forget the past because we will be doomed to repeat it".  I couldn't put the book down!
This book describes very well the real life of real people in occupied France during the 2nd world war.  The characters are real people with real fears and their surprising heroisms and betrayals. If you want the have an idea how real life was in France during that terrible part of history this book is a must. And once reading it, it is nearly impossible to put it down.
l was in high school throughout the World War II era, and eventually became aware of the French resistance. The Nightingale does depict the hardships and ugliness of the perod. Everyone should read this book, lest we forget how evil can overtake a civilized world. That is particularly important in light of the Isis movement that threatens current civilization.  P. Craig
Just your average gal who reads ALOT!!<br/>This is a great glimpse into WWII, set in France and from a woman's point of view. Loved the characters and the emotions they conveyed. I was crying at the end (and I was on an airplane) !<br/>Such a good read!<br/>Even though I'm an avid reader, I always read reviews. I highly recommend this book, you won't be disappointed.
I could not put it down it was so interesting. I was happy that the sisters became friends at the end. I like books like that that show bravery of people in occupied countries. I hope you have more like that book. The best thing that happened to me at Christmas was getting the Kindell. I can see a book I like right away without having to go to the book store or library.
I love Kristin Hannah, so quickly purchased this book on my Kindle.<br/>It was very well written, but because of the subject matter was sometimes disturbing rather than entertaining. It definitely was a step away from Hannah's normal writing.<br/>I would recommend readers who like Kristin or historical writing to read it.  It is an eye opening account of the holocaust.
I've read quite a few books about WWII, stories of the Nazis invading Europe and concentration camps.  This ranks as one of the better books I've read.  Kristen Hannah is a great author.  I would say this book really brings her to a new level and is a little different than some others given the context.  Definitely one of her best books.  I would recommend it to anyone!
Loved this book.  Although I've read many books that take place during WWII/Holocaust, this is the first one that is written from the perspective of French women who were not Jewish.  Hannah did a great job of describing the physical and emotional toll the war had on non-Jewish residents of an occupied country.  I will definitely read other books written by this author.
A few years ago I stumbled upon Kristin Hannah and loved her books. I enjoy them because she writes a story where I can relate to the characters and.there's truth in her story line, she doesn't write trashy romance. this book had me sobbing, my heart full of.compassion for the characters and I honesty couldn't put it down. If you're looking for a real story read this
Thank you Kristin Hannah for this absolutely beautiful, stunning, heartbreaking novel.  I read it months ago and still find myself thinking about it<br/>  almost every day.  There is some powerful stuff here and tears were shed on a few occasions, sometimes by the shear beauty of the writing.  The<br/>  sisters and what they endured has left an imprint on my heart.
I could not put this book down and I thought about it all the time I was reading it. This is story of a very brave young woman who defies the Nazi presence in France, risking her life to lead fallen pilots to the unoccupied zone--earning her the name The Nightingale. At every turn she resists, but eventually her resistance is challenged. I highly recommend this book!
For most of my life I have been very interested in the Holocaust. I began reading about it as a teenager and started again when in my 60s.<br/>This is a wonderful story and I enjoyed every minute of it. It is well written and, tells a story with gruesome detail. It is exactly what I envision life to have been at the time. Thank you to the author and all her helpers.
Kristin Hannah has created a period piece that pulls the reader into the very hearts of her characters.  The reader "feels" the pain and anguish of the French, both Jews and Christians, as the Nazis take over their country.  The Nightingale is a tale of bravery on so many levels...showing how family, friendship, and love are so much more powerful than war and hatred.
I could not put this book down.The story was amazing,the characters were so real ,I felt they were next to me.<br/>Being a Holocaust survivor I totally identify with the fear and the losses the people of France experienced during WWII.I admire those who were willing to endanger their life's to save others.I wish that more people would stand up and fight for justice.
If this book wasn't on my bookclub reading list I probably wouldn't have kept with it. But in the end I was glad to have read it. On the plus side, I found the stories of the two heroines inspiring and the description of day to day life rang true. That said, I found the book quite plot driven. As a reader I felt managed by the author at times, instead of related to.
This book was a riveting story of the French resistance during the Nazi occupation during World War II, with many twists and turns, and some unexpected events.  I was not sure if I wanted to read it, based on reports from friends who had read it, but I am so glad I did read it, although parts of the story were heartbreaking.  Many surprises, some good, some too sad.
A fantastic book. The reader is transported to this horrific period of history and these characters and the scenes of the French villages and countryside will be ever a part of the readers memory. The courage and endurance of these brave  men and women is difficult to fathom but the book reinforces the endurance of love in the world in spite of the evil that exists.
For those who like fact and fiction about World War II, here is a very interesting and realistic fictional story about a family involved in the French Resistance.<br/><br/>Members of the family are not aware of other members' involvement until late in the story, so the human interest as conflict and love interplay is high.<br/><br/>This is a very enjoyable book.
I have read all of Kristin Hannah books. This one was very different. When it started, I wasnt sure i would like it. As I got about halfway,  I couldn't put it down. I was anxious to finish and see what happened.  I found myself thinking about the characters for days afterwards. The story just stays with you. I thought it was an excellent book.  Totally recommended.
This is the first five star book I've read in a while.  I literally couldn't put it down.  My father was a Army Captain in WWII and served in the liberation of Dachau concentration camp, so this story was very meaningful for me.  I highly recommend this book.  I have read all of Kristin Hannah's other books, which were all good, but this is her best by far.  Bravo!!
I enjoyed this book so much, it was an amazing story and gave a very good insight into women's role in France during the war. The characters are all very memorable. I did not want the book to end but wanted it to end so I knew what would happen. This is the first time I have read a book by this author and ordered 4 more of her books as soon as I finished this book.
This was a riveting story of two sisters living through the German occupation of Paris during World War II. I read most of the book in one day.  It was a "page turner".  I just had to see how it ended. I felt as though I was walking through the streets in and around Paris with the main characters, Vianne and Isabele.  It's a powerful story of suffering and triumph.
I loved this book, definitely one of the best book I've read in a long time.  I was so invested in the characters that they felt real to me. It was a love story on so many fronts; love of country, romantic love, the love parents have for their children and the sacrifices families will take to protect one another.  It was a beautiful story and I highly recommend it.
This book is amazing. It follows a family and shows how devastating WWII was to them and those around them. Descriptions and character development are strong and detailed. I have always liked this author's writing, but NIGHTINGALE may be her best novel to date! I just could not put this book down. I read into the wee hours because I wanted to know how it would end.
The theme of WW11 is dark and depressing, but I seem to be drawn to this time.<br/>The last several books that I've read are very similar in content.<br/>This book was heart-wrenching, exhausting and intense.<br/>I was totally spent reading it. Phew!<br/>First book in a long time that actually brought tears to my eyes.<br/>Grab a copy and hang on for the ride.
I chose 5 stars for this book. It arouses  many emotions and admiration for the strength of what it is to be human. It speaks of the horror of war and the resilience of people to...remain despite it all. It makes me proud to be female. Both sisters in this novel earned the title of hero. In war, they found out who they were indeed. The world needs more nightingale.
Since there are so many WWII stories, I enjoyed this book since it was written from the viewpoint of 2 sisters in France and how they were so different.  Although we can never have a happy ending with how the people all over Europe were treated by some Germans, we can appreciate the stories told from perspective we might otherwise not have known.  I recommend this.
A wonderfully and beautifully told story of two sisters in France during WWII and how the each survived and triumphed in their own way. I will remember this book because of what it taught me about love and the strength we can summon for love.  Also it taught me about a part of the War I hadn't considered ... The reality of living  in occupied and humiliated France.
It's difficult to say you "loved" this book considering the subject but once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  Brought to surface the horror of what the French people went through during the German occupation, as well as the bravery of the French Resistance.  Thoroughly enjoyed this author's style of writing and would recommend the book to everyone.
This book was riveting.  It was very hard to put down.  The characters and events were fascinating, and the story succeeded extremely well in describing the horrors of the war and the strength of the human spirit.  It should be required reading in high school to make this war more relatable to young people,rather than just a few dry paragraphs in a history book.
As horrifying as this story became it was also a book I could not put down. The author gave you characters that you grew to love & some to fear. Have a box of Kleenex when you read this. Even though there were parts that were predictable that didn't seem to matter. Once again I was reminded that the Germanic countries were not the only ones devastated by Hitler.
I am still digesting this novel even though it's been a few days since I laid it down - after not being able to put it down at all!  It's another heart-wrenching story about WWII and its effects on the lives so horribly upended (or ended!) by Hitler and his regime.  This one takes place in France, and I am not telling one single thing about it --- just read it!
I was very moved by this book.  Having grown up in the post WW2 era, it never seemed 'real' to me, as a child, even though my father served in the Army in France during the war.  The characters were so well written.  Excellent book, but so horribly painful sometimes to read. I have read other works by this author, and I would say this far surpasses other works.
Wonderfully written. Kristin Hannah has a unique way of describing a smell a scene an emotion making the reader feel like they're living in the moment. I have suggested this book to others. I am in a Book Club where 8 of us will soon meet to discuss this book. I can't wait to hear everyone's thoughts. I'm sure no one will give The Nightingale less then 5 stars!
An amazing novel about a woman in occupied France during WW II.  But it is about so much more. It offers insight into the holocaust, but not just from the jewish perspective, but from others effected by the war. The bravery, wretchedness and love of mankind are beautifully portrayed. It is hard to do the book justice.  It is going on my all time favorites list.
A beautifully written novel. I could not put this book down. This book paints a very vividi picture of the horrors of WWII, in France. And it tells the story of the way the women of France participated in the resistance.  They were unbelievably brave and selfless. Isabella and Vianna will live in my heart and mind forever.  I recommend this book to all readers.
Hannah's The Nightingale was a moving portrayal of life in occupied France during the war. She captures the unsettling insecurity and random harshness that existed under Nazi rule while exploring the effects and changes in the people experiencing it. The sisters become people much different than the girls we first meet and their journeys are well worth the read
This is an excellent account of the struggle of the French people to survive during the occupation of World War 2. The story centers around two sisters who find their individual ways to resist the Germans and stay alive under increasingly difficult circumstances.<br/>It is well written and  the characters are fully developed. I highly recommend<br/>this book.
Best book I have read this year. The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah is a heartbreaking and gripping WWII story of 2 sisters - one follows the rules & the other a rebel.  Each works with the French resistance in their own way risking their lives & their loved ones. I could not put it down. If you read Sarah's Key or All the Light We Cannot See - read this book.
Wow. A great book in so many levels. One that pulls you in and makes you feel as though you are right alongside of the main characters...watching them, being with them, sharing their life and thoughts with them.<br/>Of the many aspects of life this book made me ponder, the question that most deeply arose is--will I accomplish in life what I was created for?
This story shows a side of the WWII  invasion of France, that helps one understand how ordinary people became heroes.  People wanted to help the Jews and to stay loyal to their own country.  Their personal dramas changed them and made them risk their lives for their ideals.  They did whatever they had to for their families and to make it back "home".
The story had me from the very beginning. I loved the depth of the relationships and how the past explained each sisters subsequent actions. I think the title is misleading. These two stories are each equally  important . Both sisters are heroines. I think the book would appeal to all.  It described a black time in the world's history in a very personal way.
It starts slow and is a bit confusing with the separate narratives but comes together to a heart wrenching climax of approximately 150 pages. I wish I had read it before I visited France. The best books for me are the ones that touch your heart, shake your soul and keep you reminded of how little you know about human sacrifice. I can't wait to read it again.
This is a moving story written from the perspective of women in Occupied France during WWII.  So often, books about this time period focus on men. It was great to read this story about two sisters and how they dealt with the struggles of wartime during this era. I did find the story a bit predictable in places, but overall, it kept me engaged and interested.
What a book??  This could be a lesson of the past that we need for the future.  The human body and spirit can survive a lot and forgive a lot. This story is told so well that you feel each person's pain, hope and their survival spirit.  The first reading is almost over whelming - I need to read it again to really comprehend everything this book has to offer.
Wow!! This is a spellbinding book. My wife read it and suggested I read it, too. I am very glad that I did. While I've read quite a few books that recount the travails of the Jews, this book includes how hard life was for the other folks in occupied France. We had no idea. The brutality and viciousness of the occupiers and the collaborators is overwhelming.
Would give 10 stars if offered.  This was my first Kristen Hannah novel, but it won't be my last.  Her descriptions of Paris and the French countryside during the Nazi occupation transported me into her book. I felt as if I were living under those dire circumstances. Didn't want the book to end. I recommend this novel to anyone who enjoys historical fiction
What a great story. This book takes place during WWII. It's about 2 sisters and the choices they make. It takes place in France with the Nazi's taking over brutally. The French Resistance. You really feel that you are living the story as it unfolds. I read the book in one day. I couldn't put it down and I cried at the end. So many brave people. A must read.
I have always enjoyed Kristin Hannah's books.  This is one of her best!!  It is well written, well researched from a historical perspective and it holds the attention of the reader. If anyone enjoys reading about the Holocaust and it's  effects on many, many families on soldiers, prisoners , spouses, parents, siblings and children, they will love this book.
Many thanks to Goodreads giveaways, St. Martin’s Press and Kristin Hannah for an ARC of this novel.<br/><br/>I am a thriller reader. This year I decided to expand my horizons to other genres to make sure I wasn’t missing anything good. Well, I was. There are 3 books in my top 10 books of the year that are not thrillers, including The Nightingale. I enjoyed this historical fiction book immensely.<br/><br/>The Nightingale revolves around Viann and Isabelle, two French sisters in Nazi-occupied France during WWII. While working separately, Isabelle aided 117 downed ally airmen in escaping France while Viann helped save almost 20 Jewish children. The courageousness of what these two women did to save over 100 lives was incredible and inspiring. Ms. Hannah clearly did her research well, recreating the landscape of France during those years beautifully. The reader could see, feel and smell the terror, the grief, and the suffering of those living under Nazi rule.<br/><br/>The character development by Ms. Hannah was outstanding. Isabelle was not likeable early on, but by the end of the war she was loved and respected by many. Viann, her daughter Sophie, and the women’s Papa were all exceptionally well developed. On the back page of her book Ms. Hannah stated, “In love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are.” We saw that transition happen with these characters.<br/><br/>Ms. Hannah is an efficient writer. The Nightingale is a rich and complex story, but every sentence had a purpose. There was no extra padding, yet nothing felt rushed. The suspense slowly built over the course of the story making it tougher and tougher to read at bedtime without becoming too unsettled to get to sleep.<br/><br/>Another feature I liked was the occasional chapter, including the first and the final chapters, taking place in 1995. These chapters were written in first person narrative, with the storyteller being, until the final pages, an unidentified woman. This element created enhanced interest in where the story was headed and allowed a very satisfying ending with all of the loose ends tied together.<br/><br/>I found myself thinking about this book a lot in between my reading sessions. I finished three days ago and it continues to haunt me. If this is not the definition of a good read, I don’t know what is.<br/><br/>This was the first book I ever read by Kristin Hannah. I will definitely be reading more of her novels. I highly recommend The Nightingale to all readers of historical fiction. I also strongly recommend it to those who would not ordinarily read historical fiction, but who would like to step outside the box and read an excellent book from another genre.
A good overview of a story based on historic fact.  Gave a great narrative on the Nazi invasion and how the French resistance saved pilots.  I was just in the  Northern Part of Spain and trying to visualize  the trek across the mountains is hard to imagine.  Loved the book but sometimes got a little lost of who was whom.  Overall would recommend this book.
I just read the last word of this book & I am a blubbering mess as I do. I read a lot of books, but I can't remember when one has touched me the way this one has. I know the characters will stay with me for a very long time. If I could give it 10 stars, I would! I am so overcome with emotions that I can't put into words my thoughts except...Read this book!
This was a great book that I did not want to put down. I became consumed by the book and I had to know what was going to happen to all the characters especially the sisters. I recommend this book to anyone who  is enthralled with the time period of the holocaust and the strength of all those who survived it. The sisters Viane and Isabelle became my heroes.
Best book I have read in a long time.  I hope they make it into a movie.  The book was suspenseful.  The characters were complex and kept me guessing.  As I read the book I tried to imagine myself in either of the sisters' situation.  It was a great book about World War II from the point of the people that lived in France, both jews and non-jews.  Amazing.
Kristin Hannah's The Nightingale is a truly beautiful tribute to the heroism of everyday people doing extraordinary things not just to survive, but to succeed during World War II.  The reader is caught up in the harrowing day to day struggle just to have enough to eat, not to mention avoiding the attention of the Nazis in charge of their small French town.
WOW!  A GREAT READ.  I VERY RARILY WRITE REVIEWS AND MORE RARILY RATE ANYTHING HIGHER THAN 3 STARS, BUT I HAD TO FOR THIS TRULY MOVING STORY.  I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A "GIRLIE" BOOK, BUT IT WASN'T.  IT'S SIMPLY A GREAT STORY OF LOVE, HEROISM, FAMILY, ETC... THE AUTHOR DOES A GREAT JOB OF KEEPING THE STORY MOVING.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!<br/><br/>HWF
I found this book very difficult to put down.  I did not expect the story line to be about France under Nazi occupation.  Through reading this book and others lately I am learning about life in many European countries during that time. Above all though, it is a story about love of family and of country and strength beyond what we believe people can endure.
The Nightingale is a story that everyone should read. My heart and head were not fooled, with this books fiction label. The vivid pictures painted through words about this war and the women are real. Silent tears fell as I read this book, I don't do that often. Kristin Hannah nailed it again!  Definitely a favorite.<br/>"Wounds heal. Love last.We remain."
I lived in Europe during the war and even though I was too young to be aware of the hardships, strories l overheard when I grew up, were brought back into reality. I normally don 't like war stories but this book had some great and believable characters. I just skipped parts that were too cruel for me. We had some great discussions at our Bookclub meeting
I was worried it would be boring, but every few pages there is some action which keeps you interested throughout.<br/><br/>Two main characters are opposites in a way but you can relate to both of them at times. The time its set in was the best part for me. Kristin Hannah takes you back to the Holocaust so vividly you felt as if you were there with them.
This was a beautiful book. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five was because it was just a little bit too sad. I should've expected the sadness due to the extremely heavy subject matter. I just would have appreciated a few more happy times throughout the book when possible, and a bit more resolution at the end.  Maybe just one more chapter.
Me. Hannah has a marvelous gift of making her characters so real it is easy to forget I am reading fiction. This story is haunting, long after the closing of the back cover. Her grasp of family dynamics is insightful, especially the bond of sisterhood. Even though I have read several other books since finishing The Nightingdale, I cannot forget the story.
While I have read many books I have enjoyed, rarely does a book affect me on a deep emotional level. The Nightingale was such a book, I cannot stop thinking about it days after I finished reading it. I was hooked from the first page, and could not put the book down. I highly recommend this book, and plan to read some of the other books by the same author.
Once I started reading this novel I could not put it down. The author made this time in France during  WWII come alive in rich vivid detail, sweet, heartbreaking,incredible details. If you love reading stories about European countries with rich history and love. This is the book. I was so captivated by this story.  Can not wait for the movie to come out .
Set in France during German occupation in WWII it tells the life of the French Resistance and of the women left at home while their husbands are at war. I could not put this book down and was sad to finish it. I was so glad I read this book as it really highlighted the plight of the French in WWII and gave me a new understanding for all that they suffered
Set in France during German occupation in WWII it tells the life of the French Resistance and of the women left at home while their husbands are at war. I could not put this book down and was sad to finish it. I was so glad I read this book as it really highlighted the plight of the French in WWII and gave me a new understanding for all that they suffered
This book is a beautifully written story of all that is good and all that is bad in mankind.  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down. The author creates living breathing characters who must have more than a little truth in them. It is difficult to understand the cruelties of war, but we keep on doing it over and over.<br/>A great book of love and war.
You've got to read this book.  It is without a doubt the best book I have read in a long time and maybe ever. The author has such an eloquent way of describing scenes and characters that you feel like you are right there with them.  Even though the book contains a lot of tragedy and hard to believe events I didn't want the book to end.  It is a must read.
So beautifully written I felt that the characters really existed. The story takes place in Paris during the Nazi occupation. The men go to war leaving the women to endure unbelievable hardships and cruelties of war.  The main characters show great courage in keeping their loved ones safe and the reader discovers the true heroes of war are often the women.
A moving story, but the writing was pedestrian.
Excellent best book I have read in a long time.
I Am fascinated by stories of women and the sacrifices they made during WWII, so I was excited to read this book. It was everything I hoped for and more, tying together different tales of survival in occupied France with wonderful characters and a compelling plot. I loved it and with sit with these sisters for a long time even though I finished the book.
Incredibly wonderful story of the depth of the evil of nazi held France and some women and men who made a huge difference saving lives when they could have been killed for doing so. Terribly sad and beautiful at the same time. Hannah is an amazing writer and I feel this is her best work yet though I have read and loved everything she has written! BRAVO!!
The sisters in this book, Vianne and Isabelle, will remain with me forever.  This book, though written of a time of unspeakable cruelty and loss,  left me with a feeling of hope, of survival!  Kristin Hannah's ability to lead us through so much pain then swing us toward hope when all is said and done is such a gift.  I know I will read it again and soon.
Absolutely loved it!!! Once I started reading, I didn't want to put it down. Kristin Hannah has a way of writing that makes you experience the emotions of the characters so deeply, you feel that you are right there with them in their journey. I recommended this novel to all my family and friends. Congratulations Kristin Hannah for creating a masterpiece!
Taking this walk with a specific family during WWII in German occupied France revealed more about what ordinary Europeans endured during those years than any documentary about that era has ever done for me.  I can better see what my father fought for and against as a soldier in the Allied forces.  As an American I am both proud and humbled by this book.
The writing is so good that you feel you are with the characters in France and America.  The historical narrative in telling the story and sharing what the horrors were faced by the people of France while occupied by the Germans during WW 2 were very well written and brought the story to life.  I have been recommended this book to all my reader friends.
This book was a little slow to take me in, but well worth the read. If you are interested in getting a feel of what WWII was like for those families and women that lived through it you'll like this book.  It has one tiny flaw in the storyline which you have to let go which is easy to do - not even sure if it is something most people would even think of.
I cried through the last chapters of this book. This isn't a technical history lesson to those critical of The Nightingale. It IS ultimately fiction, but it is  well-written and Kristin Hannah obviously researched her background. The main characters, Isabelle and Vianne are ultimately strong characters and believable and there is a sad twist at the end.
Finished this book pretty fast because it was hard to put down.  We forget, as time passes, what these people went through during WWII and her description of everything that went on made me feel I was right there.  I generally like comfort/happy ending books but I enjoy Kristin Hannah's version of a time in history that (gratefully) I was not a part of.
This was one of the best stories I have ever read.  I could not put this book down.  You will meet the women of this story, vianne, isabelle and sophie and you will never ever forget them.  Don't miss this amazing story of survival.  Kristin Hannah - I don't know how you do it, but this is one of your best (if not the best) books I have read.  Bravo!!!
This is an excellent read that I could not put down. World war II was such a life altering time for so many countries as well as their people. This story captures the lives of these two sisters and what they each contributed as well as their losses. It gives the reader a broad view of how the people were mistreated by the German troops. Very realistic.
This book is a page turner. The reader is transported to occupied France during Hitler's rise to power and explores the relationships within a family torn apart by WWII.  It is a tender love story that exists amid the human atrocities committed by the Nazis.  It made me cry and opened my eyes to the hardships others endured during the war.  Great read.
A different point of view of WWII.  Looking at how two sisters react to change throughout their lives is what makes this story so interesting.  The one is proactive while the other is reactive.  The comparison of their behavior to family problems and repercussions of WWI to their response to the Nazi's is telling.  I recommend  that you read this book.
This was one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I have read history books in the past that talked about the atrocities committed by the German Military as well as the French police, in Paris and other cities in France.  But none of them hit home like The Nightingale.  You really experience the horror of their activity by reading this book.
This is such a good and very interesting book!  Takes place during the Hitler era.  Deals with what the women left at home had to cope with.  Its one of those books that long after you finish it, you keep thinking about it. Highly recommend it.  While I was anxious to get to the end and find out what happened, I was also sad to give up the characters.
This book is a winner for me. I loved how it dragged me into the plot. I would like to think that it is a good representation of the strength and importance of women in the French resistance. The authors style of writing gives excellent opportunity for visualization. Don't know if it's a movie yet but I think it has all the hallmarks of a great movie.
A good read!  An interesting presentation of the French Resistance and the opressive occupation of France by Germany during World War II.  Good delineation of characters, and an interesting relationship of a father and his two daughters, and of the two women.  Also, a good and strong description of the strength  and leadership of women during wartime.
A riveting unfoldment of the life of a French family as WWII wraps the European continent in unheard of horrors and hardships. What it takes to survive is way beyond anything most of us know today, thank God. Detailed descriptions and rich characters make this novel based on a real time, feel shocking and immediate. Full of horror, suspense and heart.
I have not read a five star book in a very long time. This was definitely a five star book. The story is very real taking place in Nazi occupied France during WW2. I came to know the characters almost as well as I know intimate friends and family. Riveting at every turn and exploring the devastating effects of war, I cannot recommend this book enough.
Well written story of women in World War II France working with the Resistance against the Nazi occupation.  The characters are believable even when they must do seemingly impossible things.  The descriptions of life under occupation are very detailed and deeply moving, the deprivations and the violence against women and children that are so crushing.
It is definitely a page turner that got to your gut about the strife of the French people during  WWII. The way Kristin writes, puts you very much in the landscape, lives of the characters and in the story.  I usually read at night for relaxation however I had to read this during the day because I had some very vivid and unsettling dreams.  Excellent.
Great story. My sister recommended it. I'm so glad. It's a wonderful story that makes you remember what people went through in WW2. The characters are awesome. The author made me really wonder what I would do under the same circumstance. The French-women perspective is unique and truly overlooked in my history classes.  Everyone should read this book.
I wasn't quite sure if I would like this newest and very different novel by Kristin. She's one of my all time favorite authors. I was surprised that I actually enjoyed this novel. It was heart wrenching, filled with so much sadness you felt like you were in the story yourself. I'm not a huge fan of historical fiction, but this one touches your heart.
The story takes place in Nazi occupied France, so there is some violence related to the occupation and killing associated with the occupation.  The sexual content is in no way explicit, it is more romantic in nature.  Wonderful writing, you can place yourself in the place and time.  I will be looking for other books written by Kristin Hannah to read.
This is an amazing story, beautifully told.  How quickly we all have forgotten what life was like during the upheaval of world war.  These characters bring it all to life. Their courage and resolve are inspiring.  You will be sorry to see the story come to an end. I'm now "casting" the characters I'd like to see in the motion picture version.
It was a good read. The book kept me engaged and was difficult to put down. At first I wasn't so sure about the parallel stories of 2 different timeframes but I quickly adapted to it. It did drive me nuts though when one time would really get good and keep you interested and then the author would jump to the other time period. It made me read faster!
A familiar story<br/><br/>A novel about the nature of love and war as waged both between countries and within families. The writing jarred sometimes in its efforts to sound authentic, and the World War II action and setting felt pretty well worn. However, a curiosity about the fate of some of the characters carried me along to the end of the story.
Great read...couldn't put it down. It brought to light the way the French were treated during World War...so many people/countries were affected - and that's something we should never forget.  Right after I picked up another Kristen Hannah, Winter Garden, very similar and again, an excellent read, but this time the story was set in Leningrad, Russia.
I wish there had been a category "very good" under writing.  I found it to be a page turner, exciting, informative, and gave me a wonderful, visual picture of what WWII was like for France, and French women.  Having come home from this area in France recently, it is hard to imagine that this gorgeous countryside was once blown to smithereens.
While there are lots of World War II books available, this provides a unique perspective, showing how women fought their own battles back home.  The characters are compelling and believable...and I love how the story is told through flashback, but we don't know which woman is narrating until the end of the book.  One of my favorites so far this year!
Excellent story of 2 sisters during World War II, Germany's occupation of France....each sister goes thru her own trials & life revelations....great character development & the author keeps you guessing until the end as to which sister is telling her story. Well written & approaches the war thru an entirely different perspective than is usually told.
Wonderful story. A review of the Narzi' crimes during WW II, and how to survive. A story of heroes and villains. Only three inappropriate words used. These were not necessary as the story and its characters were remarkable. The question begs an answer " How would I react in a similar situation. Would I be a collaborator or a hero. Loved this book
I've read many books on World War II and none were so powerful and memorable as the Nightingale.  I read it in 4 days and it was hard to put down each night.  The story of Vianne and Isabelle will be imprinted into my memory forever.<br/>Kristin Hannah wrote an amazing and hauntingly beautiful book about the horrors of France during the Nazi regime.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. It's the kind of book where you come to believe you are there with the characters, you know them and grow to care about and when they ache you actually cry tears with them.  I loved it and was sad to say goodbye.  I will always remember the story of Isabelle and Vianne. You can't ask any more of a book.
There are many books about WWII and this one provides a detailed life story of a small French town occupied by the Nazis. It reflects much of what we know in a wonderfully woven family story of two sisters and the challenges they faced in the different roles they played. What makes this book is the specificity of the plot, and well-drawn characters.
This was an excellent story about the brave men and women who helped with the French Resistance during World War II.  It evoked compassion and admiration for what the French suffered during that terrible time in our history.  It was well written and the ending held a surprise.  It is an incredible telling of real people who were brave beyond belief.
Wonderful book - very tough to read some of those incidents involving the Jews/Nazis.  I have to do some research to see about the accuracy, but I think i read that she had done a lot of research.  But the relationship between the sisters and between the two of them and their father was not always the best, but you could see the love that was there.
The very best book that I've read in a long time. I hated putting it down and then hated that it had to end! The author's style is easy to read and understand and puts the reader into the lives of the two sisters. Highly recommend. Don't start unless you have the time to spend with this remarkable story of  family and survival in France during WWII.
This book would be worth the read even if it was only another story about the horror and hardships of Europe during World War II. But it is also the story of Issabel's and Vianne's turmoil and triumph, how their differences took them through the evils of the German invasion of France, and that telling is what makes this book one of my new favorites.
Great book about two sisters in France during WWII. Poignant story lines and well-drawn characters suck you in immediately. I cried several times while reading it ... I can't believe the brutal things that we humans do to each other. Well researched, an excellent blend of brutal historical fact and heart-wrenching fiction. Read it, read it, read it!
I am Jewish and stopped reading books about the holocaust because they were too sad, but this book was about the French resistance,<br/>It was a beautiful and tender story, I must have read it in 24 hours because I wanted to see what happened, thank you for writing it,<br/><br/>Everyone should read it, it shows what women can do in a time of war,
Even though there are many difficult topics, I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed reading this book.  I look forward to reading more.
Best book I've ever read ❤️❤️
Christian Hannah did a great job of bringing the story to a dynamic of love and devotion and forgiveness during and after war.
This World War II  2 novel set in Nazi Paris was everything I'd expect from Kristin Hannah. The characters were well developed. There was a struggle for identity, relations between family members,  survival, religion and identity within a country. It is a fabulous read.
One of the best book I have ever read.
Great book.  Well written. I literally could not stop reading!
Heavy content as it was during the war but a beautiful story of survival and ultimately what matters most...love. I love all her books!
The author weaves a beautiful story of some very amazing characters!! I sobbed at the end where she pulls all of the amazing, loveable characters together with a beautiful close to their lives!!
The bond of family is matched only by the courage it requires to sustain it.  Kristin Hannah captured the story of the innate strength God has given women by its display in the darkest days of humanity.  Both inspiring and captivating, I couldn't put it down.
I LOVED this book! I have read several Kristin Hannah's books but this is the first one of hers that I have read that was a historical fiction book. I feel like she captured the time period and what was going on in peoples lives at the time and the hardships they had to endure. I feel like I will never take my life or my freedoms for granted again.
Two sisters living in occupied France must make choices.  Both do what they can to be loyal to their friends and family and to survive. Their stories seem to be very different and yet in the end are the same.
Moving story of the wives and women left behind in France during WWII and their fight to survive. There is a strong story of how difficult and risky it could be to do the right thing by two heroic sisters and the different paths the took to heroism. Loved it. One of the best books I've read in a long time.
good read
Terrific story; told beautifully. I always enjoy Kristen Hannah's books. This one did not disappoint me. A tough subject woven through a well told story.
This was one of the best books I've read in 2015. I loved the story. Very engaging, thoughtful, and touching.
Every one should read this account of what happened during this terrible war. How the French people survived with  courage and love.
One of the most engaging fictions I have read recently about that era.
The Nightingale is the story of the Rossignol family during WWII in Nazi-occupied France. It focuses mainly on the two Rossignol sisters. Isabelle is the rebellious, anger-filled younger sister, who creates an escape route for rescued downed airmen out of France as her way of fighting the enemy but also of getting back at the family she believes rejected her. In contrast to Isabelle is meek older sister Viann, who just wants to survive the German-occupation of her village and her own home and protect her daughter. Viann, however, is forced out of the shadows and must fight in her own way when she is called on to protect the son of a Jewish friend. Ultimately, she begins to protect other Jewish children, too. The novel also brings their father Julien, a broken man who has turned to drink to drown his own horrors of war and the loss of his wife. The novel is bracketed by the narrative of one of the two sisters but 50 years after the war. The reader doesn’t find out which sister has survived until the very last page.<br/><br/>The Nightingale is a saga-type novel that focuses on the Rossignol family during WWII but also on a number of other characters, including that of a sympathetic German soldier. Kristin Hannah creates a clear and precise picture of the occupation of Carriveau and Paris, including a somber picture of the French trying to hold onto their way of life. But she moves through all the storylines at an equal often leisurely pace that sometimes robs the peaks of emotional punch.
It also was a great history lesson and a real love story.
There are many books written about strong individuals making a difference in WWII; however, this one which is set in France during the occupation, shows the power of two very real sisters with completely different personalities and abilities, suffering and succeeding in equal amounts.
An forgettable story of love and sacrifice. The importance of never giving up and to always be willing to forgive and to remember!
Each and every time I read about the incredible lives of ordinary people who were courageous enough to do extraordinary things, I am humbled. If not for these heroes, there would have been even more losses. This story is told beautifully. I couldn't stop reading!
It deserves 5 stars. It held my attention. I normally would not read a book like this but I read excerpts of it while on vacation and knew I had to have it.
This book was amazing com start to finish!  Kristin Hannah has truly outdone herself.  Saying it is awesome is an understatement.  This book was amazing!!!!
loved it
If you are only going to read just one book this year, I strongly suggest you read this one!  You will be very glad you did!
A good story line but the characters and their situations lacked depth at times. The ending was certainly written with more sincerity.
Wonderful book that shows the strength of women in adversity. Recommended for women looking to be inspired. A look back in the tragic history of France and the terrible suffering of the Jewish people.
Great read, loved it, neat twist. My first Kristin Hannah, will definitely try more.
excellent
As an only child I always wanted a sister.  THIS book was just incredible..  WE knew so little about the people of F  rance during WW war two.  It might be fiction but it have a lot of true parts.<br/><br/>These two sisters were very different,but they each in her own way was a heroine.
Great story. I couldn't put the book down. It gave me a new glimpse into World War Two and the people who survived it.
Really great Historical WWII story.<br/>Good history and drama.<br/>Great characters.
Excellent book.  I am not into 'war' stories but this had a more 'behind the scenes' take and it was very well done.
Different from other Kristen Hannah books, but made me think about how things must have been during the war
This is one you will not be able to put down. It kept me up a few nights, but was well worth it. The characters will stay with you long after the book is over. Beautiful story. Beautifully written.
I absolutely loved this book.  It details the story of two sisters during WWII in France.  They are totally different in personality and outlook and in the beginning they look at how to deal with the Nazi takeover in very different ways.  Vianne is trying to get by, taking care of her daughter after her husband has been arrested, not making waves and waiting until things blow over.  Spirited Isabelle wants to fight in the underground, preferably along with Gaetan, the man she loves.  Initially their father seems like he's uninvolved, but his character becomes more important as the story progresses.  Some of the French people who are victims do despicable things while a disillusioned SS officer does whatever kindnesses he can under the circumstances.  Nothing is simplistic in this excellent novel.  The sisters both evolve as events in France progress and both do things they never dreamed of doing.  The book really shows how it is sometimes impossible to do nothing because doing nothing is actually an unforgivable action in itself.  I couldn't put the book down and thought about it when I wasn't reading it.  It made me cry and think about their situations on so many levels.  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.
Our book club debated greatly as to whether or not to read this book.  We had already read and discussed so many titles pertaining to the World War II era.  One of the members finally convinced us that this was well worth the read and she was right! Powerful characters, powerful story, and well written.  Loved it!
I really enjoyed this book, which gave me insight into how those in war-shattered France coped during World War II.
Great story, a real good tear jerker
Wonderful!!!
Great book!
This book was a great read from start to finish. I have always been interested in anything taking place during WWII and this book did not disappoint. The author has a way with words and expresses herself through her characters beautifully. A wonderful book about strong female characters that I would recommend to anyone!
Very exciting book and very sad because it is only one story of thousands.
A compelling storyline of life in Nazi-occupied France during WW2 and the citizens who comprised the French Resistance. Kristin Hannah's historical research and gift of story-telling make NIGHTENGALE a memorable read.
Superb!  Captivating from the first page to the last.
One of the best books I've read this summer. It takes place in France when the Nazis occupied huge areas of France. The main characters are a young woman and her sister are the bravest people I can imagine. They are brave and scared, but they do what they need to do. I plan to read it again -- it was that good! Yes, there is violence -- it's a war.
Did not want to put this book down and looked forward to getting back to it when I had to put it down. Did not want it to end, and re-read the last few chapters so I wouldn't miss any thing and prolonged having it end. A little mystery, well rounded characters, tears at loss of loved ones.<br/>Very moving! Excellent book!<br/><br/>Jeannie Wright
The author has a story telling gift that grabbed me on the first page. There are not a lot of authors who can do that to me.
This book should be read by everybody concerned with our country,s freedom.The Nightingale brings home and reminds us,how a handful of evil people can destroy whole countries and the people who live in them.I wish it could be assigned to High Schools and College History classes,so that the meaning of "Lest we forget"would make better sense!
I enjoy reading historical novels about World War II and this was perfect for a rainy week-end . The Nightingale covered a lot of the same ground as many others: The relationship between French women and the German occupiers; the physical hardships of the war on the civilian population; the acquiescence of the population to the Nazi treatment of the Jews.  I'm not sure there were any new insights here, but I enjoyed the contrast between the two sisters and their relationship with their father.  Well written if not a little predictable.
Loved this book
Sad, but good. It was our Book Club's choice for the month, and the ladies all agreed it was a good choice.
I have always been interested in those individuals who were involved in the French resistance against the Germans and this book tells the story so well.
A novel that compels us to remember sacrifices by those not in uniform. My wife wept at the end. A fascinating tale.
One of the best books I've ever read!!!
the story escalates in intrigue and suspense, as the heroines cope with involvement in the French Resistance and living under the brutal thumb of Nazi occupation.
Her best book . couldn't put it down.
Loved it!
Loved this book.  Great character and plot development.  Hannah is a terrific writer.  The pace kept me interested and involved.  It was one of those books that you didn't want to put down, but also didn't want to finish to quickly as you didn't want to not be part of these character's lives. I read the last 150 pages in one sitting as I just had to find out what happened,,but had to stop every few chapters to wipe the tears from my eyes.  The book has stayed with me, even though I finished it several days ago, and think it will continue to do so.  Have highly recommended to friends.  Definitely one of the best I've read in a long time. A don't miss.
A very powerful novel, not one of the author's usual stories. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
An amazing read!  Well researched and written.
WE and future generations must never forget the inhumanity suffered by the French  Jews  and the rest of the French population under the Nazi German occupation. This book tells  of the extraordinary courage and resistance that  this one family displayed during World War Two. It is very well written, a real o[[page turner<br/>I recommend it highly
There was nothing I disliked about this book.  I now want to read a nonfiction book about what the French went through in WWII, since I had an unfavorable opinion of their participation in the conflict prior to reading this book.  The author draws the reader into the story.  I felt as if I were there, and this is as good as it gets for the reader.
This story kept me captivated till the very end.  HANNAH really puts you in the story and<br/>Reminds one how horrific life was for so many people during the Hitler's rage.  Although this story is fiction, I felt HANNAH did a great job portraying the fear and emotional distress the characters<br/>Experienced.  Great story, didn't want it to end.
What's not to like about this book! A truly moving story of war on the home front. The characters vividly come to life and one makes emotional connections with two sisters experiencing the harsh realities endured in France, during Word War Ii. Beautifully written. This should be developed into a TV miniseries. The Nightingale does not disappoint !
Kristin Hannah never fails to deliver and her latest is no exception. This story focuses on a single family and in particular two sisters living in France during WW II  and their individual battles to survive the war and fight back each in their own way against the brutalities of the German invaders. . It is a terrific read and I highly recommend.
I enjoy reading Kristin Hannah's books.  This book is another winner.  She does an excellent job of grabbing the reader's attention from the first page.  The characters are complex and realistic.  Nightingale made me aware of the horrible experience of those living in France as Germany invaded and took over the country.  It is an incredible story.
A beautifully written book that drew me in from the first sentence. Kristin Hannah creates an impressionist painting of the pre-war French countryside then deftly presents the harsh, gritty reality of a country overrun by war, and characters tangled in the morass of impossible choices to be made in impossible circumstances.  I absolutely loved it.
A well written book that maintains your attention throughout.  A very sad story of life in Nazi occupied France during the Second World War, the reader is captivated by the humanity of the main characters and the brutality of the Nazi's.  At every twist and turn, the novel unfolds with surprises.  The ending is NOT predictable.  A very good read!
if you liked the book Sara's Keyes, you will love this too.  Very well done.  I cried some to read about what all the prisioners endured.  Why during war people have to be so greedy and turn into power monsters and steal valuables and burn and destroy things is beyond me.  Not only destruction of people but artifacts of the culture.  It's so sad.
An aspect of the German occupation that I have not read about previously.  Set amidst the grand scale of WWII, I enjoyed that this novel brought it down to a small, personal level in a village outside of Paris to chronicle how two sisters managed to survive the ordeal in their own separate ways.  A well told tale, and a thoroughly enjoyable read.
a tale of two women - WWII - European locale - one stays home & deals with the changing situation as best she can - the other confronts the war & its horrors on the front lines; also as best she can.  Who wins & who loses in the long run & how does the outcome affect others.  Sort of corny towards the end of the story but a satisfying conclusion.
I was skeptical that Kristin Hannah could write such a deep book. I thoroughly enjoyed it and have read many books on World War II but never about the French occupation. It was very good and kept me involved the whole book. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a well written, factual account of another side of the War that I was not aware of.
I really enjoyed this book, as it illustrates  well the experience of  day to day life during Nazi occupied France. I think it's easy to forget all the details of how everyone suffered, in varying degrees and in different ways. Friends and families torn apart, and all the grey areas that make you think... what would I have done in that situation?
Well told story through the eyes of one Parisian family.  The writing is so good I could picture myself there and felt such compassion for Isabelle and Vianne.<br/><br/>Recommend for anyone interested in the Resistance of WWII, and those wanting an understanding of what it must have been like to live in a Germany occupied country like arrange.
I loved this book.  I liked the historical fiction aspect.  The author really brings her characters to life and paints realistic mental images of what they are going through.  A glimpse of life during WWII and the unimaginable horror of the Holocaust.  Kristin Hannah is one of my new favorite authors.  Thoroughly enjoyed "Home Front" too
This writer is both eloquent and correct in all her language and spelling. This story I think has affected my outlook about the French permanently. I now certainly understand why so may French would dislike Americans. We waited too long to join this war. So many suffered and died. But this book is the best I have ever read ! OMG just read this !
The Nightingale walks us through the most pivotal years of WWII from a different point of view... That of unheralded, behind the scenes people who took enormous risks to deliver children and allies rom the evils of Nazi Germany. Characterizations are rich and well defined, and even the most avid history buff will learn something from this novel.
This book was well written and well reseRch<br/><br/>This was a well written and well researched book about wwII and two sisters.  Each reacted to the war in her own special way. Love and hatred haunted them both.  A true page turner.  This was one of the best accounts I have read on wwII from the view of how it affected the women.  Loved it!!
This book has held me captivated. The time period is world war 2. This book shows the resilience of the human spirit. Even in the worst of times and at much sacrafice people want to help each other. Yes I would recommend this book. It has all the elements of a great read...<br/>Adventure, surprise, love, joy, sorrow and a captivating storyline.
A story that will stay with you a long time after the final page is turned! The loss of their mother puts these two sisters into circumstances that made their lives and relationship with each other more than difficult. Factor in the German occupation, everyday existence would be unbearable for most but they survive out of love. Not to be missed!
Literally the best book I think I have ever read!  And I have read many many books! Could not put it down. Highly recommended. I learned a lot about women's role in WW II. My father who just recently passed away was a POW in Germany. And this book reminded me so much of him and all the Heros of WW II who saved the world. Well done Kristen Hanna!
The story was well written and i liked the transitions between the present and the past.  You got a very personal look at WWII and an interesting one from women's perspective, which is often not included.  It brought you many of the horrors of the war but from a personal perspective.  the characters were well developed and the action fast paced.
As all the reviews say, this is a book about two French sisters and their very different paths during World War II. It is highly textured, believable and not a plot line out of place. Extremely well-written it is a book marketed to women but will be quite satisfying for anyone with an interest in the millions of significant World War II stories.
Just a great story about two sisters whose lives were greatly impacted by the two world wars. This book could be made into a good movie by an independent film producers who is interested in the dialogue. The book offers such great contrasts between beauty of the human spirit and the brutality of the Nazi regime. But it is so much more than that!
A touching glimpse of the female side of World War II in France, the book shares both a personal account of two sisters and a taste of the French underground.  The reader feels what it is like to live under siege, as well.  The book starts out with one of the sisters in 1990's USA, but soon flashes back to 1940's France.  I highly recommend it.
The power of womanhood unfolds in this well written account of two sister in war torn France.  The story moves along and takes the reader with it.  I could barely wait for the next chapter.  Sensitive, compelling descriptions of World War II and the largely unsung heroes...the women of the French Resistance.  Well done and thanks to the author!
I was a W W II baby and I learned about the concentration camps at the tender age of five when I saw pictures of heaps of bodies on the pages of a Boston newspaper.  My memory is still filled with them.  I thank you for writing this poignant story.  It seemed so true to life as I am sure much of it was.  I shed many years and used many tissues.
I am still crying, so the first thing I shall say,.is keep tissue handy. The next is that this is one of the best books I have ever read. It was beautiful, courageous, chilling. I couldn't put it down. I have read a lot of stories about the Holocaust, but by far this was the most emotional read. Kristin Hannah, you stole my heart. Amazing job.
This is a gripping war story about the sufferings of the French people and how hundreds of French turned against their own people and sided with the Nazis in order to save their own lives.  Stories of the French Underground will keep you on the edge of your seat.  There is violence, but these were violent times.  I couldn't put this book down.
An amazing thoughtful, painful, realistic interpretation of the loss, hope, dreams, desires and just the plain simple desire to live against all odds. To me probably one of my personal favorites written about the holocaust.  The realistic interpretation of what individuals, woman, mother and man on both sides sacrificed and endured to survive.
Oh!  the pain, the heartbreak, the incredible loss, the depredations the women and children suffered and endured during Hitler's reign in France.  Yes..the men suffered as well, and that's well known, but this story brings to light...again...the horror done to everyone, and the promise of a reunion. Hannah has outdone herself this time...Bravo
Enjoyed the book, even though some of it was difficult to read because of the seriousness of the subject matter.  I learned even more about the Nazi occupation of France during World War Two.  As a child born born in England before the war, I realize now how lucky we were that my country was never invaded and occupied, as many adults expected.
I have just finished reading The Nightingale. Kristin Hannah wrote such a fantastic story I am sorry to have finished it.  I love all the characters, their stories and the way they lived their lives through this terrible war. It seemed like you were there with them. The last chapter was very touching and beautiful. Read it. You won't be sorry.
This was a very good story. The tale of two French sisters whose lives drastically differ during the WWII occupation of France. This novel was fast paced with many suspenseful twists. Plenty of sadness and loss in this story, but also plenty of courage, bravery, and love. I don't want to give any plot twists away, but I do recommend this book!
Kristin Hannah writes a deeply moving historical fiction account of the war In Vichy France as seen through the eyes of a family that struggled with their own relationships as well as their salvational activities during the war.<br/>A gender neutral Ideal read for all adults, this is An embracing narrative that holds you from the beginning.
A good story, maybe a little too Lifetime Movie for me. She is not a great writer, not the kind that amazes you with how she can string words together. I was disappointed with the prose immediately but stuck through the story nonetheless because I love historical fiction. Life After Life and All The Light We Cannot See were both much better.
While I could hardly put this book down, I had to do so in order to process the cruelty of the Nazis, the bravery of the sisters and the members of the Resistance, and the desperation of those caught up in the horrors of WWII. This book ranks among the best I've read about the war years, and I'd recommend it to anyone interested in this era.
This book is hard to put down once you start reading it. The author keeps you deeply involved with character development. It showed how two sisters can be very different but in the end family brings them together. A tear jerker but wonderful story. I would give it more than 5 stars. Recommending it to everyone. An excellent book club choice!
Wonderful book!  One of the best I have read.
Best book I have read since The Thornbirds!!!
The author is very good, however, in this novel she summed up the last chapter too quickly.It seemed too fast, wrapping up too quickly and too pat.  The abrupt quick ending left me unsatisfied with all the well defined characters.  The story itself was very interesting from the French viewpoint of the Second World War.<br/>Rochelle Pollock
This book is fabulous.....will make a great movie. It gives a different view of what the war was like in France.  The characters are so vivid in your mind and so full of life. I love reading this time period and am always amazed at the courage of so many during this time in history.  I know it is a novel but could also be so close to truth!
This is a great book. It was recommended to me by a friend. When she first described it to me as a story of two sisters during WW11 German occupied France, I thought, yuck. She insisted I give it a try and I am so glad that I did so! It is inspirational, thought provoking and educational all wrapped up into an interesting story line. Enjoy!
I wasn't familiar with this author and picked the book randomly, but I found it an engaging read.  I appreciated the excellent but accessible writing.  And the story was totally compelling.  I did like "All the Light We Cannot See" (another recent World War II historical fiction book) better, but this was a surprisingly good second.
I enjoyed this book enormously.it is well written the plot advances bit by bit and constantly holds the reader s interest. I kept on wanting to know what was coming next. Historically it is well researched and was of special interest to me asI lived through this period in Europe.everything felt authentique and believable. Highly recommended
It really tells the story of how people carry on when the horrors of war impact their lives, how they struggle with getting through the day and when they can take no more, what they do about it. Great portrait of the bravery that human conditions can bring out. This book took my breath away, drove me to tears and I loved every minute of it.
Hands down, one of the best books I've ever read!  Kristin Hannah's writing is phenomenal.  I fell in love with the two main characters right away, and the storyline evoked a gamut of emotions in me.  I haven't felt this way over a book in years!  I couldn't put it down, and didn't want it to end!  I am recommending it to all of my friends.
What an amazing book!  Written with such "heart" that one feels as if the subjects were speaking to you!  This book delved into the complex and frightening feelings of a time in the history that was barbaric and inhumane (to say the least) to millions…  Will certainly recommend it to every "reader" I know<br/>Rita Bobrowski
The Nightingale is a very well written book about a family and how the war affected their relations. It is sad, fast reading, very interesting and demonstrates how family members  ban together and protect each other. Love is so very important and can be misjudged.
I think this book will be one of my favorites of all time. The characters are beautifully developed and if you love history you will love this novel. It will haunt me forever. While it is heartbreakingly sad ,there is such a triumph of the human spirit. I will be telling my reading friends about this one and am certain I will read it again.
In this book we go on an amazing journey back in time. What a journey it was. The setting is war time in France. This story is so well written you are immediately thrown back in history. I love both of these sisters. Their story is heart wrenching. You will not be able to put this book down once you start. Ending will not disappoint either!
I found this novel to be a historically accurate inside view of World War II as it affected the French, especially women and children, at home and in the work camps.  It was very heart-breaking to experience the sufferings of the main characters and inspiring to see their courage and compassion as opposed to the cruelty of their oppressors.
What a beautiful story. I loved every word, every page, every detail.  The ending was absolutely splendid - as it brought all the pieces and characters right back where they should be. Thank you, Kristin Hannah, for bringing to light such a dark part of world history - just a small portion of WWII horror that aren't in the history books ...
Great book! Great character development, as intriguing as a suspense novel it's often said that courage is not lack of fear, but the decision to what's right in the midst of fear and incredible risk. this is the story of the heroics of two sisters, very different from one another,  their lives and the French resistance during world war II.
I loved the book.  I couldnt put it down. I had no idea what was going on in France. Showed a couple of pages to my Dad a 96 year old WWII army air corp vet in North Africa so he could see the reaction of the Nazis on innocent people when the war began going bad for them.  Recommended thd book strongly to my bookclub and they r reading it.
This was one of those rare books that you feel you are part of the story.  I could not wait to continue reading it each day.  The description of the terrible circumstances that French citizens had to endure during the Nazi occupation were vivid and completely believable.  I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a well written book.
Wonderful tale of two sisters, very different, who lived through the horrors of WW2 in France. Such a great tale of the differences in one family and the ways they tried to help everyone the Germans were sabotaging. Characters are very well-developed, the action never ceases, and the end is a wonderful turn-around. A great read for anyone!
i love historical fiction novels & thankfully there are authors out there as interested in this particular or period in history & this author was clearly very knowledgeable in this historical fiction. it is always good reminder to all the horrors that have been endured by so many over the course of time & how far humanity has come so fast.
Interesting and engaging tale with insights into the French civilian and resistance experience during WWII. Conveys a thoughtful glimpse of how and why different people respond to oppression. Left me with a renewed appreciation for those who went through similar experiences during the war. Their strength and ability to survive was amazing.
There is hope written in this story and its characters, beautifully. The glorious and  true definition of  love is rampant. It is beyond romance. It is clearly going to be a story I'll not forget. I feel thankful and grateful for my life and am renewed with awe for those that had the bravery to survive WW II, and those that lost lives too.
I really enjoyed this Historical novel about the lives of two sisters during WWII in France. It was very moving.  It provided perspective I had not thought of before, as one of the sisters has a German soldier billeted at her home.  This story tells her perspective as well as that of her sister who joins the Resistance. Have tissues ready!
Loved this book! I really love historical fiction anyway, but this took that to a whole new level.  I learned several things about WWII that I knew nothing about.  I love how the author developed the characters and the story.  She wrapped it up nicely in wonderful way, where you didn't have to wonder what happened after the book was done.
Wow! I loved this book.  I am sad I finished it because it was that good.  I did not want it to end.  From the beginning, the author hooks you in feeling connected to the main characters and their lives (and pasts). This book has it all.  Love, drama, scandal, war and survival.  I will definitely be recommending this to all of my friends.
This is a really good look at the Nazi occupation of a small town in France during WWII. You get the view from the story of two sisters - very different from one another and each has a separate response to the war and what is going on in their separate lives. As I read it, I thought, this would be a great movie. It was a really good book.
I just finished reading Nightingale and it touched me in away I can't explain. I don't enjoy when reviews recap the story, so I will just say that this book just pulls you in and keeps your attention.  The characters are alive and their love and sorrow are real. Sadly, these atrocities did exist but the human spirit persevered. Well done.
At times I felt I was part of the action.  And any book that brings tears to your eyes has to say something. At the end I found I had the wrong narrator , but best not knowing until the end.  Subject matter makes it a book that should stay in print for many years. It important to know what happened in France during the World War II years.
Generally interesting book. Graphic brutality and profanity in this book was upsetting.  Horrendous human behavior has occurred in war as well as peacetime. Book reader revisiting this reality in graphic and profane manner is offensive and unnecessary. Without graphic brutality and profanity<br/>this book would have been five star rated?
I could not put this book down! The writing was excellent. It was so descriptive you felt as if you were there experiencing all the horror of the war. I loved the characters, their relationships, and personalities! At times I had to put down the book because I became so involved I actually had a stomach ache! Would highly recommend it!!!
I loved this book.  It described what life was really like in France during the 2nd world war.  The Holocaust damaged all people.  Being a Jewish woman, although it brought so many tearful descriptions to mind, it also reminded me that there were many heros who saw the wrong and tried to right it in what ever way they were able to do so.
Fantastic fantastic book. I read this after finishing The Invisible Bridge and All the Light We Cannot See, so if you read either I strongly suggest the Nightingale. Beautifully written and captivating. I haven't cried reading a book in a long time, but I was a mess at the end of this one. Great read on WWII from a different perspective.
It took quite a few pages to begin to be swept away by this story but finally it took off and it took me with it.  Although it might not be exactly true to life, it IS a work of fiction.  I read fiction for pleasure so it doesn't have to be historically exact.  It is a tale well told and quite gripping at times.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
I absolutely loved this book.  It held my interest and I didn't want to put it down.  I'd been to France last summer and that also made the book meaningful. All of the characters were interesting and I really enjoyed the way it was written.  If you're interesting in this time period and the French Resistance then you will love this book.
We have heard so many WWII stories but this one brought it to life  I really felt the responsibility, fear degradation and passion of those who lived it  I cannot imagine that kind of pride and love of humanity and country to give up all that is morally right in your heart so your friend and country survive such devastation and cruelties
My favorite of Kristin Hannah's writings so far! In depth research and great writing make for a book that grabs and keeps your attention.  I didn't want to put it down...in fact, only did for short periods in order to be pleasant to my husband. Highly recommend reading this book. Still thinking about what would I do several days later...
Everyone should read the tragedy of WWII for the people of France and Europe.  I know it was difficult here in the U.S., but the suffering over there was unimaginable.  This highlights the real experience for the populace and, at the same time, is a good story.  I encourage especially the younger generations to read this wonderful book!
I really enjoyed this book because it kept my attention and made me realize the suffering people can endure.<br/>IMy heart breaks for all the Jews that were treated so inhumanely and with total disregard. It was a glimps of how hateful<br/>and evil the Nazis we're and how the people came together to save so many during this awful war.
I stumbled into this book after reading All The Light We Cannot See, and am so glad I did. It is intricate in it's portrayal of the time, relying on what appears to be an amazing amount of research. The author has done her readers a beautiful favor - telling this rich story in a way that allows them to truly connect with the characters.
Kristin Hannah's story brought me to France during WWII and I felt so emerged in the story line that I couldn't put the book down, This is by far one of my favorite books that I have read in a long time. Long after I finished the book I kept thinking about the main characters and wanting to read more.<br/>This is a perfect summer read.
Wonderfully written account of women dealing with the war....when I finished I wasn't sure what I could read next after such a powerful and endearing story...didn't seem that anything else could quite measure up... All you have to do is see the number of people that have read this book and given it 5 stars to know its a book to read...!
I was reluctant to read this as it sounded like so many of the books out there now ,don't be deceived it's wonderful ,complicated ,certainly about sisters jealousy ,younger and older siblings ,and moral dilemma ,what we all do when we have a child ,Germans move in and husband is at was ,thought provoking ,have recommended it  to friends
I have recommended this novel to many of my reader friends because it has so much spell-binding appeal.  The characters are so real, as is the setting and plot.  I learned a great deal about France's involvement in WWll from this author's  book, and thoroughly appreciated the new view I have for France and the German impact of this War.
Incredible book! I am not usually a fan of Holocaust themed historical fiction, but this one had be turning the pages and I was so invested in all of the characters. Kristin Hannah is usually known for her "Lifetime Movie novels", but this is a full fledged departure for her. An excellent read! Highly recommended to everyone :)
What a beautiful story. You will read about the horrors of survival during a time we see as a history lesson because it was long ago and we didn't have to live it. You will live it with the nightingale. And you will not just read a story.....you will experience it. Perhaps it will stay with you in many ways after the last word is read.
The intricacies and horrors or war were so thoroughly described, that I held my breath at times and trembled. The characters hardships were so heartbreaking that I cried..but I could not put the book down.  I read it in one sitting because I had to know what was happening next.  A well written novel that draws the reader in completely.
I was totally captured by this story. The words are written in a way that puts you in the throngs of Isabelle's life. She becomes real and you will find yourself always trying to protect and find her safety. A truly wonderfully written story about true love, loyalty,strength in the most horrific times, and love. A must read for anyone.
From the time I was 10 years old and saw b/ w tv history stories of what the Nazis did to the Jews, I have vivid memories of human beings being tossed like limp rag dolls into mass graves. Kristin, you brought life to those tragedies. I read the book, but I saw the tragic realities of ten year old eyes from a 61 year old's perspective.
This is a book I really enjoyed.  It was hard to put down as I just wanted to know what would happen next.  Reading about the German occupation of France and the extreme difficulties of the French people was enlightening.  So much of the WW II focus is elsewhere.  The author is very talented and knows how to keep the reader mesmerized.
I am humbled by this novel. It is so well written, and the experiences and characters so vivid. I would recommend it to any reader who seeks to go well beyond the grit of battle and see the world through the lens of those every day people who risked everything for their families throughout the catastrophe of WWII.<br/>EXCELLENT!!!!!!
This story hooked me from the start.  It was about the French resistance during World War II and how family ties can survive the most difficult and horrifying experiences.  Hannah writes about love, courage and compassion in a most compelling way.  One of the best books I've read in a long, long, time - and I read two or three a week.
I've never commented on a book before.  Everyone else has commented on details of the book so i wont do that.  I will say its wonderful. Fantastic. Emotional.  Educational.  Kristen Hannah is an exceptional writer...you will be drawn in and won't be able to put the book down.  I rarely say that about books.  You won't be disappointed.
One of the best books I have ever read.  It is a tribute to Kristin Hannah and the research she put into the storyline that this book is being circulated amongst the various book clubs in our area and without a doubt is heralded as one of the best reads of this year.  I could not put it down.  Can't wait to see what she puts out next.
Excellent book…..well written…..one could picture every single person and the landscape completely  It left an incredible impression upon me to know what happened with the Germans occupied France at this time!  What horrors occurred.  I had read a lot about this time, but for some reason, this book just resonated!  Achingly well done!
One of the better books I've read in a long time.  Loved the insights into how it really was in rural France during the German invasion.  Perhaps wrongly, but I felt that there probably had been a nightingale and women helping to hide young Jews.  So the fabric of the story hangs together fairly well. Don't miss this really good read.
This book has made me see the blessings in my life more clearly.  Going this journey through war, loss, perseverance and healing also taught me more about a time  in history that should never be forgotten.  Those who survived are honored in this beautiful piece of work.  Those who died are memorialized.  I highly recommend this  book.
This one will stay with you long after you've finished. So very well written and a wonderful story. I just can't say enough wonderful tings about this book and having just come back to the states after a quick return to France after 31 years, the visuals and the scents were so very clear in my mind. Thank you for a fantastic journey.
Really tells an amazing, and unfortunately, accurate picture of the people affected by a brutal regime during war, and how it affects their lives, day in and day out. Should be required reading in schools.  It's a roller coaster, edge of your seat, gasping thrill ride that's heartbreaking and heartwarming. Couldn't put the book down.
Once again, Kristin Hannah has written about WWII and had you feeling you were there during those terrible times.  Her description of the atrocities of the enemy are spot on.  She one of a few authors I have no problem purchasing because I know it will be worthwhile.  Have not been disappointed by any of her books.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
I absolutely loved, loved this book. It captivated me from beginning. I felt like I was there with the two sisters. Even though a fiction book, I am sure these things occurred. Left my heart racing. Will remember this book and have already recommended it to several friends<br/>Thanks to Kristin Hannah for writing  such a great book.
Simply one of the best books I've ever read!
I really expected to be blown away by this story, but I wasn't as moved by it as I thought I would be. I found the beginning a little slow and the end a bit rather too predictable. However, this book really made me thankful for the life of ease that I am privileged to lead. If I were faced with such horrible choices what would I do?
I had to read it again.  Only the third book I've read twice.  "Gone with the Wind" and "The Thorn Birds" are the others.  You can imagine how old I am.<br/><br/>My husband and granddaughter are reading it now.  I recommend it to my friends.  It is heartbreakingly lovely.  It is dreadful to consider the inhumanity in life, in war.
I enjoyed reading the book very much.  The author is not use to foul language...the "F"  word seemed out of place with the rest of the dialogue...<br/>S:ome of the intimate moments of Iz and Gaetan  were confusing and disconnected...but I did like the excitement in many of the words and situations which were well developed.
An incredibly well written, one where you crave for the next scene to unfold. Great character studies and her prose put you in the space with them as the plot is illuminated. Gripping and tormenting as well, I could not put it down until I finished. I also gleaned some fresh knowledge of unspoken things that occurred during the War.
Our book club has decided not to read any more books about the war.  There are so many, so sad.  But this book truly brings home the role women played.  They were brave, fragile, strong, and most importantly, survivors.  I was moved to tears at the end.  You can't ask more of a book than that it touches you deeply, and this one did.
This book gave you an insight into the horror of war,and what it was like to be Jewish in wartime France. The real hero's of the war the resistance told the story and pulled you into the struggle they had to stay alive as well as saving allies from the Nazi Regime. This is a great read and always with Kristen Hannah - a tear jerker.
fantastic book, I was on the edge of my seat and it was heart wrenching to see how human beings could be so cruel to each other.<br/><br/>Love does conquer all and it was amazing to see how mothers will do anything for their children.<br/><br/>I was hoping for Isabele to make it but it was not meant to be.<br/><br/>Diane Smith
I enjoy WWII books, and have read many. How refreshing to learn about a different aspect. The war, and it's difficulties for the women, and families whose homes and lives became the front lines, and the way the women chose to deal with the horrible things that became their daily lives, is richly portrayed here, in "The Nightingale".
A fantastic tale of the horrors of war.  The struggles that each character deals with to survive is heart breaking.  I especially liked when Isabelle tells Vivanne that the soldiers could hurt their bodies but not their spirits.  Both sisters proved this to be true.  Love plays a major role in the book, both romantically and family.
I do not usually write book reviews but this was an exceptional book.  The storyline was driven by history and emotion.  There were so many lives affected, so many perspectives and situations to consider before judging.  And I was drawn in emotionally with all the major characters.  If you read one book this year, this should be it.
This excellent work will make any reader feel an incredible assortment of emotions! It is beautiful and incredibly heartbreaking. This book, more than any other book I have read, makes one feel the emotions of those who experienced the horror and terror of the Nazi invaders.  It also shows that one can triumph over evil! Great book!
I just finished The Nightingale and I want to say how much I loved this book. The language was rich and the story drew me in. I found myself rooting for the characters, especially Isabelle. The historical aspect of the story was both realistic and moving. I have always liked Kristin Hannah's writing but I think this one is the best.
I have read two of Kristin Hannah's books: The Winter Garden and now The Nightingale.  I wouldl highly recommend both of them.  This one The Nightingale, is a poignant story of two sisters growing up in Nazi occupied France during WWII. Life during those times was cruel beyond imagination which is well protrayed in The Nightingale.
Absolutely riveting and heart wrenching story of survival under Nazi occupation.  Great characters with bravery and, in other cases lots of evil.  Hard to believe what the "ordinary" people went through from 1941 to 1945.  I've never read any other books by Kristin Hannah, but that will no doubt change.  Highly recommended.
Having read and understood and believed the horror of the Nazis in WWII, this personal story of one family and their own personal horror was very  real.  It touched me deeply as I tried to put myself in their places .. wondering all the time what I would do.  Heartbreaking and inspiring at the same time.  Keep the tissues handy ...
This book started out seeming strange but it ended up being one of the most rewarding books I have ever read. Never have I pushed so hard to finished a book, with over 200 pages left I stayed up till 2 am just so I could know what happened. I only ever want to experience this book for the first time again. Worth the read and tears.
I had a hard time putting this book down.  Most of the story takes place during WW II, which I usually avoid because they are so upsetting.  However, since i love all books by Kristen Hannah, I decided to read it.  I am glad I did.  It is very intense, and keeps you guessing who will survive right up till the end.  Loved this book.
This is an extremely well written novel about two sisters living in occupied France during World War II. I am not sure how accurate it is. Most of the Germans were portrayed as being horrible. That is very different from the Germans that I have known. Perhaps things were different then. Nevertheless, it is a very entertaining book.
I did not want to put this book down. It was so well written and kept me engrossed from beginning to end. While the subject of WWII is dark, the characters of the sisters are not. It made me feel what it would be like to live with sometimes sadistic occupations forces and what the people had to do to survive. I highly recommend it!
In the beginning I had a hard time getting the characters straight but once I got them all sorted out I rally enjoyed this book.  A slight drawback was that I felt that the injuries and sicknesses were a little bit unrealistic.  The ending was a fantastic tear inducing "tour de force".  All in all I really enjoyed this book
As a retired librarian,  I recommend this book. The story was set in France during WWII.  I particularly enjoyed this period in history and found the book entertaining and educational from a different point of view.  It wasn't especially fast -moving, but I always looked forward to picking it up to read a few chapters at a sitting.
This is a beautifully written account of the German occupation of France. it is a book that will haunt your thoughts long after you are finished reading. It  is written as a flashback, although you forget that until the end as you become engrossed in the trials and adversities of the Nightingale, her family and their acquaintances.
I've read several of Kristen Hannah's books, knowing they would be a good read, but never one this impacting. France during WWII has always interested me, and "The Nightingale" ranks with "All the Light WeCannot See." Both belong with the greats. Today I went to the library and got four Hannah books I haven't read.
This is the first book I've read about WWII from the perspective (although fictional) of someone other than a Nazi or Jew and it was one of the best books I've ever read. I became immersed in the lives of these characters and could feel the fear, courage, sadness and joy right along with them--all qualities of a well-written book.
Wow ! This was a great read. I haven't read many books by this author but definitely will now.  I love this period of time during the war and I found it very interesting the path of two sisters and their trials and  hardships as war ravished their land. Kept me turning pages late at night and I would definitely recommend to others
Not a typical WWII book. The journey is heart wrenching at times but is intertwined with the French elegance and appreciation of beautiful things in life. I read this book during very difficult times of my life and IT gave me hope.  You will ultimately love this book and what it means to brave the worse things that happens to you.
This book moved me in ways that I hadn't thought possible. I didn't want to finish it because I knew the ending would hit hardest of all. This book took my breath away. If I could forget it and reread it, I would do it again in a heartbeat. There are no words to describe this book. One of my new favorites. Just amazing. Must read.
I've had my battles with Kristin Hannah's books, love or hate, this book is great. There were parts that were likely underplayed given the situation during WWII and I've read enough to know some of the graphic stories. Overall, however, I fell in love with these characters and their tale of strength during unimaginably hard times.
This is a very moving book that addresses the lives and loves of the women that lived and died during the war. It is well written and the characters come to life with every sentence read. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes a book written with passion and emotion. I hope you enjoy your read, I certainly did.
Parts of it were very difficult to read but it was very well written and definitely worth my time.  I also learned some things about that period in our history that I have been trying to avoid because they were so repugnant to me.  Sometimes it is difficult to face reality and Kristin Hannah did a good job of bringing it to light.
What an interesting story! I loved it and would recommend it to anyone looking for a story about love, strength, family, history and sacrifice! What started as sisters who were quite different from each other turned out to be sisters with vastly different strengths and abilities! It will be one of those "read again" books!
One of Hannah's best, I can't put it down. The details of the Second World war as seen from the perspective of Paris, France, this is a story of both rebellion as well as complacence, of regrets and wishes. This one is a keeper to your library whether you are a Kristin Hannah fan or not...(but after reading this one, you will be!)
This novel was fascinating right from the first word.  It was easy to become part of the story.and hard to put down the book. The author seems to have known the subject intimately.  Again I fail to understand how human beings could have been so very cruel and unfeeling.  What kind of reasoning could justify this kind of behavior?
A powerful examination of survival and of the immense stress on ordinary relationships during the darks days of WWII, this novel presents a compelling view of the struggle to do what is 'right' when all of one's old guidelines have been destroyed.  Any serious reader with an interest in human nature will find this book rewarding.
I have read a lot of Kristin Hannah's books but this one was the best ever. I honestly did not expect this level of writing when I ordered it. I just expected to be entertained. But this turned out to be a book I could not put down. She has reached a whole new level in  her writing and I applaud her for "The Nightengale."
This book was chosen for my book club and to tell the truth, I wasn't looking forward to reading another story about World War II. However, the story was engaging and I had a hard time putting it down by the second half. It made me realize once again we cannot ever forget that we as humans allowed those atrocities to take place!!
The characters were so well written it felt that you knew them personally. The story (partly historic) was beautifully relayed and I had trouble<br/>putting it down.  I would recommend it so highly having read almost everything I can find re  Germany during World War II. She wove her<br/>characters into that history seamlessly.
Have been a fan of Kristin Hannah's "women's fiction" for a long time.  This was just outstanding -- she's finally shown everyone what she can do when she steps outside that comfort zone.  But it's still "women's fiction" because it tells the story of two sisters.  In the context of WWII.  And does it beautifully.
Sensational!  This story will captivate your heart from the first to the last pages.  Every human emotion possible is intertwined with each character living with the affects of war.  Courage, devastation, degradation, survival, and love play out in a format that will leave you with wonderment about who and what we are capable of.
This is a well-written and interesting book, showing a depth of understanding of the Nazi occupation of France during WWII and its effect on French citizens, particularly the women. The setting is very well-described and the characters are well-developed. It is too tragic and troubling for my personal taste and enjoyment, though.
This is the story of the French Resistance in World War II and how private citizens, each in his/her own way, prevented the Nazis from reaching their goals with an unwilling population.  It is a tale of bravery, intrigue and romance in the midst of unspeakable acts of aggression against the French. A delightful and exciting read.
I LOVED this book!  Because of the subject matter, it's often gut wrenching, but it's also an important reminder. A reminder of what people give up in their fight for freedom. A reminder that "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." [Edmund Burke]<br/>I highly recommend this book!
Great book!  Interesting look at WWII from the French side.  I don't want to spoil any part of it, but even though Hannah doesn't say it, it is based on true events in which the French participated during the war.  In true Hannah fashion, the characters are wonderful and the ending is perhaps not what you envisioned.  I loved it!
This review is from Kerry Winters not William Winters.  Good Book.  Even though our book club vowed not to read another book set in WWII after Life after Life and All the Light we Cannot see, this was an interesting novel set in WWII France with evolving characters and insight into how people changed and suffered during the war.
I had not intended to order the Kindle edition and accidentally tapped the "purchase" button.  That mistake was one of the best ones I have ever made!  I thoroughly enjoyed this book after getting through the first few chapters.  After finishing "The Nightingale" I immediately purchased another of Kristin Hannah's books.
I really liked this book because of the historical theme and the story development that allowed you to experience the history but not be dry.  The characters were believable and the story line never lagged for me.  I did enjoy the mystery of who survives.  I was hoping for a happy ending for all but that is not the facts of war.
In this country we forget how much we DO have.  This book starts a little slowly, but stay w/it, you won't regret it.  W/o over embellishing, it paints a compelling picture of what life in war stricken France was like; what courage it can take to make the simplest decisions in the day to day of living.  I was moved by this book.
I loved this book.  It reminded me of "All the Light We Cannot See" and of the many hardships endured by people during WWII who weren't necessarily on the front lines.  It's beautifully written with characters who are so well-developed they seem to come to life.  And although very sad, its' also very joyful in many ways.
The characters of this novel came to life readily for me, so readily that I thought about them daily, both eager for their story to unfold and terrified of what would happen. This is a deep, rich tale of the horrors of war, of the experiences we don't see in textbooks. I'm grateful for the experience and sad the story has ended.
Because I find the history of WWII fascinating in all respects, I was compelled to keep reading to get to the end.  I admire strong, brave women, who gave up everything for a cause that they thought was right and the women who held it together for the sake of their family and the men who were fighting for their right to freedom.
A wonderful account of the things these people went through to survive this war. How brave they were to do what they had to do to protect their families ,friends and neighbors regardless of their nationalities.  An excellent read .  Never forget the sacrifices that these courageous  people sacrificed for their country and yours.
Great book, have a box of tissues handy.  There aren't many books, movies etc. out there that tell about what the women left behind during WWII in Europe went through and how they helped and sacrificed.  This is based in France and there is much about the French Resistance.  The author pulled you right in in the first few lines.
Started reading with hesitation; soon after realized I was into this book.  Could not put it down and when I finished the book, was disappointed that it ended.  Have now read it twice and recommended to at least five friends.  Would love to see this book made into a movie.  Kristin Hannah, more books like this theme.  Thank you.
This was a beautifully written story that pulled the reader into the life of the characters in such a way that one felt as though they were a part of the characters themselves .As the story unfolded, I asked myself if I would have done all that the sisters did under the same circumstances! A must read , especially for women !!!
I downloaded this book but hesitated to read it. A book about war? Aren't there enough bad things in life?  OMG, what a loss if I had never picked it back up!!  This is an absolute treasure, needing to be read again and again. The characters are of my heart. The writing so beautiful and expressive. One of my all time favorites.
Found the stories of the French people who resisted the invasion of the Germans chilling.  Just watched a National Georgraphic TV special on the treatment of the Jews and French people after the invasion of France which tied into this story of The Nightingale.  Those who resisted were very brave.  Would I have had such courage?
Absolutely the best book I have read this year. If one thinks they are tired of reading books about World War 2 this is one book that should be read. The book is about the women staying home who did their part in helping captives and Jewish children that were left without parents. The book keeps you captive until the last page.
Nightingale is an awesome story of two valiant women who encompass the values of a strong family, a dedication to country and bravery beyond all expectations.  No need to hold on to your seats because this is a ride that will hold you tight until the very end and leave you feeling proud to be a woman!  Five stars for K. Hannah!
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah is one of the best books I have ever read.  The story of two sisters caught up in Nazi occupied France during WW2 was gut-wrenching, beautiful, horrifying, and thought-provoking.  Told from the perspective of women, the book gave a whole different view of the war.  I highly recommend this book.
This is a gripping story of the Nazi occupation of France during WWII and the French resistance.  It's the best novel I've read since All the Light You Cannot See (Doerr), and I loved that book.  Don't read all the online reviews - one of them unintentionally tipped me off to something that might otherwise have been a surprise.
Very engaging. The author had vividly portrayed what went on in small towns affected by fear of invaders. They suffered not only the inhuman treatment but going hungry all the time as well. However the will to conquer back their tranquil life and the love for family and freedom had allowed them to survive the ordeal. Good read!
One of the best books about WW2 I have read in a long time. The details included took lots of research and I thank Kristin Hannah for taking the time to do it right! This is the first time that I've read a book about WW2 strictly from a female's point of view and it was great. Would recommend to anyone who is interested in WW2.
Kristen Hannah has always been one of my favorite authors and this book is one of her best.  Such an awe inspiring story about war torn Europe.  We all remember the horrors inflicted on the Jewish people in concentration camps but what happened in France was a complete surprise to me.  Enjoyed this beautiful heartbreaking book.
This book keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout. You want to keep reading it but at the same time you have to stop to think about it as it is intense in the subject matter. The ending is surprising. Her books are always interesting to read and offers a little of everything as far as mystery, history and good characters.
I loved this book. I can't even begin to image what people went through during this period of history . I have the most respect for people that went against the Nazis and tried to help those in need.  The strength of these sisters is amazing. I cried at the end of this book, but I also felt up lifted. Thank you  Kristen Hannah.
This was a fantastic book.  It was quite different from other Kristin Hannah books I have read.  I haven't read many books about the Nazi's, and this was different, because it gave the perspective of what the women who were left at home had to go through, and how they were treated by the Nazi's.  I highly recommend this book.
This is one book I could not put down.  I felt connected to the characters - the sisters were both so different in their "styles", yet so much the same in what they wanted - to be loved, to love others, to feel safe and be free.  Great story about a part of WWII that is less often written about in novels.  Great read.
I was pulled into this story from page one. I am very interested in personal stories from WWII, and even though this is fiction it is a gripping tale. I could empathize with the characters, feel their feelings and their pain. It was almost too real to bear. Kudos to the author for her magnificent telling of a wonderful story.
I love books about WWII - heart wrenching yet history at its finest.  By the end I felt so connected to the characters - Hannah is such a great writer.  I cried myself to sleep when I finished this book.  Stunned that people could be so cruel to another human.  We must never forget the holocaust and how the Jews were treated.
EXCELLENT!  I was truly moved by the atrocities of what the people endured, and absolutely fell in love with the characters. I cried when certain things happened and actually became more aware of my present surroundings, realizing how truly blessed we are as a nation.  Heart wrenching!  One of the best books I have ever read!
Drawing on the familiar themes of love, courage and familial conflict set in World War II France, Kristin Hannah develops a beautiful and poignant story of one family's battle to conquer its own demons, while destroying the Nazi machine. The characters are haunting; the plot is suspenseful; the ending cathartic. A great read.
This book was so well written and covered so many facets of love, family and hardship.  It is the best book I've read since All the Light we Cannot See last summer.  The story of two sisters who are separated by the result of the Nazi occupation of France, how they survive and how their relationship survives is unputdownable!
An inspiring story of two sisters in occupied France during World War II. One has a family to protect from the Germans in her home and town; the other, filled with rage against the enemy, searches for a way to fight back. Both pay a high price, but each find love and an understanding of her sister that was previously unknown,
Kristin succeeded at being very descriptive. I will miss all of the characters in this story. They will live on in my imagination! Such strength, courage, heroism, fear, despair, & most importantly, love. I just thoroughly enjoyed reading this book! Reminded me a lot of Winter Garden which was fantastic & just as riveting!!!!
Great historical fiction account of the German occupation of France during World War Two. The authors insight human nature by examining a family and how each member must cope with war and heartbreak while struggling to overcome their painful past.  It is a story of courage in all its forms as well as of love and forgiveness.
This was my first Kristin Hannah book. However, it won't be my last. I enjoyed her well-written book about the hardships and trauma for French women during the German occupation. I felt the pain and lasting effects of the cruelty as the story detailed the horrors. The author maintained the suspense until the end. Great book!
This is the best book I have read all year. It is beautifully written, and so descriptive that the reader "sees" Paris, the French countryside, and the horrors of war. But it is not a tale of woe. It is a mesmerizing story of the human heart, our connections to each other, and what we can do for love--even in our brokenness.
This story drew me in from the beginning.  It is suspenseful and heart rending.  I could really feel the emotions of the characters which were developed beautifully.  The way Kristin Hannah chose to tell this tale was interesting and kept the tale alive without getting bogged down in too much dark detail.  I loved this book!
I read this book in just a few days - could not put it down.  It is still in my head a few weeks after finishing.  The story is moving, and the picture it paints of life in France during WWII is disturbing (** understatement of the century).  I highly recommend this book, even though it sad and parts of it are tough to read.
one of the best books I have read in the last 10 years. Exquisite writing, full-bodied characters, wonderful nuances that capture the essence of what it was like for the people living through this. This novel portrays a realistic and gripping sense of time and place. I lived in their world with them while reading this novel,
Excellent novel!  One of the best I've ever read!  Although the chapters switched back and forth between the two sisters, the present and the pass, the story line and the characters were well developed leaving you no doubt with what was happening. In fact this made it even more exciting. I could hardly wait to finish it.
This is so hard to write. I am choking tears and trying to see my keyboard. This was a beautiful novel. The pain and fear of the Nazi regime was palpable.<br/><br/>I really was lost in the history and courage of the French people that fought so valiantly to survive.<br/><br/>Thank you for this exquisite story Ms. Hannah.
I don't usually like historical fiction stories, especially about war...but wow! This book told an amazing story about the people of France and the women, in particular, and what they had to endure when the nazis took over. Two sisters learn to fight for what they believe in and share heartache at the same time. Great story!
This book and "For those I loved" by Martin Grey are the two books that have helped me understand best the bravery and pain of those who were in the midst of WWII in Europe. This is one of the best books I have had the pleasure to have read. I will be seeking out other books by Kristin Hannah and expect to love them as well.
This is an exceptional, thoroughly engrossing book. I have not gotten so invested in characters in a very long time. I did not want the book to end and was in tears reading it on the commuter train. I highly recommend this amazing novel about the French Occupation by Germany from the female perspective. Bravo! I will read more books by this author!
The Nightengale is compelling reading from the start. It takes you through the German occupation of France and gives an authentic feeling of how things were back then while keeping the reader glued to the characters' story. Nothing was predictable, and I was engrossed in the story from the start. I couldnt put the book down.
This book was one I didn't want to put down. There are some twists and surprises that kept me on the edge of my seat. Usually I like to read before sleeping, this book would have kept me up all night if I had read it just before sleeping. Because this book was cliff hanger, I'll be checking out Kristin Hannah's other books.
I just finished reading this book last night and I absolutely LOVED it!!! I was interested from beginning to end, and as I got closer and closer to the end, I realized how much I didn't want the book to end. The writing was solid and the character development was personal and impressive. I cannot recommend it highly enough.
Before choosing this book, I read many of the Amazon free previews, searching for something that caught me.  This one did, and I was not disappointed the entire way through  It's been awhile since I've read a story so well-written, and beautiful.  I will say little and let you the reader, experience it fully.  It is moving.
I didn't review this book the first time I read it when it first came out, but I loved it so much I read it again. I read tons of books and there are very few I would read twice. I highly recommend this book, and I have read Kristin Hannah's other books as well, she is awesome. Can't wait to see what she comes up with next!
Great book, couldn't put it down. Characters are well developed. The readers suffers with the 2 sisters through impossible choices they are forced to make, and extreme physical and emotional pain that they go through. You really feel like you are there with them. I also learned apt about what happened to France during WWII.
Romance, adventure, history, a great page turner even though i listened to an audiobook.... well written.. as well..... i was so so sad when it was finished.. there were two other books i  missed as well... the Goldfinch and the Golemm and the Jinny...  I am sure this will be made into a movie..but never as good as the book
I think many readers are seeing The Nightingale as a companion novel to All the Light We Cannot See, but The Nightingale is just not as good. Most of the plot developments are predictable, and the tone is sometimes over-the-top melodramatic. I enjoyed the book for the setting (WW2 France) and for the excellent descriptions.
This is the story of two sisters in a German occupied city during WWII.  It tells of how they handled the hardships, how they helped the Resistance in their different ways, and about the sister's interrelationship.  One sister flashes ahead to 1995 intermittently through the story.  Once you start it, you won't put it down.
This book has so many facets--family relationships as with father and daughters, sister to sister, death of parent is just one. Friendship is another. More are trust even with enemies, helping to lead downed airmen with treks over the Pyrenees mountains,  strength of "everyday" people at a danger to their own lives.
An excrutiatingly painful but beautifully written book.  I had only a passing knowledge of the French Resistance organizations  before reading this book and I now have a better insight into some of the unsung heroes of World War II. Not only is fighting the war heroic but living  in an invaded country and surviving is also.
I am in the minority with this book. I just couldn't get through it. I found it so boring and redundant. I put it down after 350 pages. The author used the word impetuous one too many times and I threw in the towel. I just didn't care what happened to them.
Incredible story of women, men, children, war, love and sacrifice. The characters in this story demonstrate the power or one's definition of heroism and the consistent push and pull of the choices we make and the consequences all of us must endure. Haunting story of love and life...and definitely NOT for the faint of heart
Kristin Hannah is an amazing writer and The Nightengale is definitely in the top 5  books I have ever read<br/><br/>Her characters are believable , the story is compelling and I truly had a difficult time putting the book down.<br/><br/>Looking forward to reading several of Ms Hannah's other novels!!! A Stellar work!!!
I am fascinated by novels that take place during WWII. I enjoyed the novel as it traced the journey of two sisters who are very opposite in their disposition. More than once, I checked the historical reference and they seemed to be accurate.  Certainly not a happy book, but an interesting one.  I would certainly recommend.
Beautiful story of survival in an unimaginable world of events.<br/>My wish is for all to read this story. Remembering what strength human beings can have to survive the ugliness of another human being. May we all think for ourselves and not be lead by evil.<br/>Remembering these events so history does not repeat itself.
This is one of the best books I have read.  I am very interested in WWII history and this was one situation I was not aware of.  Kristin Hannah had me hooked by about page 20 and after that I could not put the book down.  I was sorry when I finished it, so that proves to me it was an outstanding book.  Kudos to the author.
I loved this book so much I would read it again. Set in World War 2 France as Germany takes over the country and the common French people are forced to endure extreme hardships. With disbelief, the particular family that is highlighted, rises to each unimaginable situation to survive and manages to retain dignity and hope.
I was able to go on this journey with you.  This is my second book of yours I have read since my little sister told me about your gift of story.  I savored the relationships, the parent/child challenges, and then to make the setting wartime Europe, made it all real to my mind.  Thanks for giving us a warm, heartfelt story.
A suspenseful and intriguing story of a somewhat dysfunctional family in occupied France during world war ll.  I found the relationship between father and daughter difficult to comprehend until it was revealed that the father was involved in a dangerous anti German activity that could get the daughter killed if discovered.
No book recently has touched me as much as this beautifully written book  and thoroughly researched topic by Kristen Hannah. It will grab you and not let go. The characters will remain in your heart long after you turn that final page. I absolutely loved it!! It was not an easy book to read and yet I could not put it down.
The only reason why I didn't give this a 5 star rating is because a few times I felt the author wasn't being realistic. One time she had Isabella working in her father's bookstore, but I was always under the impression that the Germans confiscated and burnt all books.<br/>But it's only a story and a very good one at that.
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel about two sisters in France during World War II who take different paths to survive and to help others during the German occupation of France.  The story was well done and very interesting giving you a good feel for what it was like to live during the occupation of your country by the Nazis.
Really enjoyed this account of two sisters in France during World World II and the different paths their lives took. They each had to make great sacrifices for their family.  Kristin Hannah did a wonderful job portraying the relationship between Vianne and Isabel and their father who tried to love them as best as he could.
I couldn't put this book down. I occasionally felt the writing was a bit forced, maybe a bit repetitive,but the story was wonderful.<br/>It evoked such strong emotion and wove all the strands that made up this book, beautifully together. The characters were well developed and everything wasn't tied up in a bow, like life.
I was too emotional once I had finished this book that I didn't know what to write and I honestly wanted to just sit and think about thus book, characters. etc.  I don't know how to review such an emotional book.  Extremely well written - everything that goes into writing one of the best novels ever was in this book.  WOW.
This novel guides us through the French Resistance Movement during WWII through the eyes of a 19 year old female protagonist who is outraged at the Germans treatment of her country. The author's attention to small details of the culture enhance the story and let us experience what it was for the occupied people. Engaging.
This story was enjoyable, but slightly predictable.  I think there was an opportunity for the characters to be a little more developed, as the people- side of the story is what I am drawn to.  There were a few unexpected twists, but overall, fairly predictable.  I had high hopes, but finished the book only mildly pleased.
I hated for this book to end. It would make a great movie. One historical mistake I noticed is when Captain Beck offered penicillin tablets to Vianne. Penicillin was not available to the Germans at that time. It was a top secret project of the Allies. Large doses were not available to our troops  until late 1943 and 1944.
My friend recommended this book. It's the story of two sisters during World War 2. Their families..their strength in surviving the war and their very personal stories of hardship and love. They were separated by emotion and the war. But the rest of the story I will leave for you to read. I cried at the end. Real tears. JB
As someone who is very interested in WWII, and familiar with Paris and that region to the south, I could not put the book down.  It kept me highly engaged and it was evident that a lot of research went into the storyline.  I highly recommend to anyone interested in how the Nazis thought and acted in France during the war.
One of the very best books I have ever read.  I became so attached to the characters that I cried at the end of the book, even though I could sense what was coming.  Nightingale is both a poignant and chilling account of France during the German occupation.  I as so glad that Kristin Hannah gifted readers with this novel.
One of the most powerful books I've ever read.  You will not put it down until the last page,so start it over the weekend when you can afford to be up half the night.  Have tissues handy, too, for a love story unlike any you've read.  Too good to read just once, but too wrenching to read again soon.  An incredible book!!!
Read,a book that you can't put down.  I would consider a great work of historical fiction.  It touches you at so many levels that it does deserve the five stars rating.  It combines love, agony, crimes against humanity based on true facts and it sheds light on the personal sacrifices that took place when you believe in a cause.
An amazing and thought provoking book. . .No wonder it was called the greatest generation, whether American or foreign. For all the pain and suffering so many people had to endure, I am sure it was beyond description of any writing.  I thoroughly enjoyed her style of writing and am planning to read more from this author.
I loved the book. It was the best book I ever read. It showed how terrible the war is. I was born just before the war started so I don't remember anything about it. I can't believe that people would actually treat people the way they did.  It was very disturbing and sad. I cried a lot reading it.  She wrote it very well.
Wow. I can hardly find the words... This was a heartbreaking read. Beautiful and heartbreaking... I couldn't put it down. It felt so real. The story itself is captivating. The writing is wonderful. I highly recommend. I really can't find the right words...but then again I just finished it and am still a bit breathless...
i love this book -- it gave me a new appreciation for my parents who lived through this and fought for it as well as a better understanding of wwll -- it's a brilliant book well written -- what can i say beyond what the first 2,500 reviewers haven't already said -- i cannot recommend it highly enough -- don't miss out --
A thoroughly compelling novel with vividly drawn characters.  Perhaps the writing isn't quite as masterful as in ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE, which shares its locale and time period, but it comes close.  I thought about it long after I finished it, and as a former English teacher, I'm fairly critical.  Well worth a look.
Kristin Hannah is my favorite author. I wasn't as excited about the release of this book as I normally am because it is set in France during WWII. Generally a topic I avoid. All I can say is WOW! This book is powerful. Some parts were tough to get through but I am so glad that Hannah took us on this journey. A MUST READ.
Lots of adventure and good character development. I had not read too much about that time period from the point of view of the French occupation so I found it very interesting. It was a good combination of historical and character development. I enjoy Jacquline Winspear's Maisie Dobbs and Sara Donati's The Guilded Hour.
I was hooked and was unable to put this book down. I couldn't skip a word. No skimming for me at all. The history and horror of WW II was wrapped in the courage and strength of the French people who worked to overthrow the German tyranny. The ending left me sobbing. Beautifully written book that I'd recommend to anyone.
Amid a dark time in history, Kristin Hannah is able to give readers a gripping story of strength and courage in the face of horror. This beautifully written book is her best, and showcases Kristin Hannah's storytelling skills.<br/><br/>For those who listen to audio books, the narrator for The Nightingale is excellent.
This is one of top books I have read. I kept hoping the cruelty would end. A book of lives that I never really understood. It is a book that shows man's inhumanity to man. What those poor people went through is a reminder that it could happen again. This book should be required reading, so it doesn't ever repeat itself.
Excellent story about two very different sisters (but ultimately not so different) and what they did to survive, protect the ones they care about during World War II in occupied France. The story goes back and forth from war time to present time periodically, making the reader wonder which character is telling the tale.
As so many of the other reviewers tell you, this is a great book.  That being said, if you don't want to read details about torture, concentration camps, and rape, you may want to skip it!  Yes, it's hopeful overall, but there's a lot of chapters that are difficult to read unless these are topics you want to read about.
This book should be required reading for mature students. Its timeless lessons, are so pertinent to today's world, a world which to this day, sees the same pain; most notably ethnic cleansing that still exists in the Middle East....<br/>Wonderfully written, it brought this 53 y/o history buff, and veteran to tears.....
Enjoyed reading The Nightingale very much.
I enjoyed reading this book. A rather harrowing account of the very difficult lives of women in France at war, certainly a humbling story. Very sad ending but also a good one as if all had turned out well it wouldn't be as believable. Not my usual genre of book but I would definitely now read other books by this author
This book is very well written and presents an unforgettable story of how war affects individuals and families.  The story is heartbreaking but also very enlightening about the impact of WWII on people in France and the heroics of women during the years following France's surrender to Germany.  I didn't want it to end.
I normally do not write reviews, but this book was different.<br/><br/> Throughout reading the book there were times I literally couldn't put it down. Then at the end I cried from the sadness of the story but also from thinking about what so many endured during World War II.<br/><br/>This is truly an amazing story!
I devoured The Nightingale with an intensity that is hard to describe! Kristin Hannah did an incredible job balancing historical components with character development, and the outcome was perfect. My devotion to her characters by the end of the novel was as real as if I'd known them myself. Five stars- highly recommend
I really enjoyed this book. A different side of WW11 was exposed. It was set in occupied France and we got a glimpse into what it is like to live in an occupied country and what sacrifices were made by the French people and the French resistance. A good story, well written but a sad chapter in history for all involved.
I have read many books on war time Germany and the concentration camps. This book is more than that. We see what the French people suffered. We are so moved by all the characters. The relationship between the sisters and the depth of love for ones family. The bravery of the partisans is enlightening. I loved this book.
An excellent book which builds in intensity until you can't put it down.  One of the most moving stories of love and courage I've read in a while.  I have read much about World War II and about the holocaust but nothing before that was so informative about what it was like to live in an occupied country during the war.
While some of the historical accuracy of how a woman would think or feel at that time In history is incorrect, authors sometimes need to make a story resonate for the audience. This is a beautifully written story that makes us remember what it was like for those left behind during the war. What they endured to survive.
This book looks at the war from the woman's eyes.  It shows us what it was like for the women that were left behind, when the Germans took over their country. It will enlighten you to the work of the resistance & how they helped fight the Germans.  Once you start this book, it will be hard to put down. Excellent story!
I loved every minute of this book and cried at the end. Even though this is an incredible work of fiction, everything here is factual. I lived through WW11 and these things actually happened. We must never forget the brave people who fought, not in any army, but by doing what they could on the homefront. Bravo Kristin.
I loved this book from the very beginning to the very end.  It was so well written.  You were drawn into the the lives of Isabella and Vivian and the hardships that they endured from the very beginning to the end of WWII.  Thank you Kristin for another wonderful book.  I would highly recommend this book as a must read.
Great story...a historical fiction story that takes place during WWII. Although Vianne and her sister Isabelle are both abandoned by their father as children after the death of their mother, they grow up as different as night and day. When the Nazis invade France, they each use their own strengths to fight and survive.
This book was wonderful.  It is the story of two sisters in France during WWII.  The two are very different but each does her part in fighting the Nazis.  It is an extremely emotional read and I sometime just had to set the book aside for awhile before reading again.  It is one of the best books about WWII I have read.
Two sisters' experience of Occupied France in World War II: a gripping story undermined by some historical and linguistic inconsistencies. The mystery element -- which sister survives to old age -- seems unnecessary when the main plot is so strong. Overall, an enjoyable and exciting story that keeps the reader engaged.
It saddens me to know that man has not evolved to a higher state and that torture is still the most baste of all his actions.  tat said I couldn't put down this book and I found my self crying several times while reading this novel.  It probably would make a good movie if the author was allowed to write the screenplay.
These reviews say it all. Great story beautifully written.  The one thing that threw it off for me (and it is a minor thing) were the chickens which kept coming up. In the midst of the horrendous starvation, how did they survive the war? And why was a poached egg mentioned only once? I felt an explanation was warranted.
The setting and general content were excellent..  It was an intermittent page-turner.  The only negative aspect in my opinion was the occasional way in which Hannah seems to be asking the reader questions. This creates what I would denominate a "stock market" effect, i.e., up, up, then down; up, up, then down.
The war in France during the Nazi occupation, took its tall on Vivianne in her little village in Carriveau. She suffered from fear, hunger, separation from her husband who was sent to war, and rape . The only positive side was that the war brought her together with her dad and her rebellious sister. Good book overall.
Starts a little slow, but stay with it.  It is very much worth it.  A few times, the book switches between time periods. I found this distracting at first, but it was critical to the story and makes it all come together.  As all great books do, it reminds us of an important lesson in life, and what is truly important.
War and family across two generations...A graphic portrayal of one corner of a world where choices are made bravery is born and consequences are suffered.<br/>Events are presented through a family's involvement..<br/>Giving a thoroughly absorbing drama focus ....<br/>That results in a worthwhile reading experience.
So real and compelling I wasn't in my home in 2015, I was in France in the 40's. Beautiful and heartbreaking. The triumph in these women's lives in spite of what they endured leaves me without words to describe my feelings. The artistry of the author - my words would be inadequate.  Thank you for this wonderful story.
I've read many books set during WWII, and this is one of the best. Compelling, heartbreaking, and absolutely spectacular. One of the best books I've read in quite some time. I've been a fan of Kristin Hannah for years now, but this was above and beyond anything I'd expected. I cannot recommend this book highly enough.
As I read this book I found myself haunted by what I was reading and the experiences described as I know they were true<br/>I liked the perspective of learning how war with Germany effected all people. I don't understand the anti senitism today in France after reading the generosity of the French at the time of WWII
A dark yet compelling story of grit and survival during World War II . Two sisters took separate but important paths that demonstrated a mostly unknown struggle during France's invasion by the Germans. The risks that both sisters took to save others through inhumane circumstances make this book an unforgettable read.
Riveting story. A real page-turner. People born after WWII need to be reminded about the atrocities of this war. My father was a Marine during WWII. Came home from the war and never talked about it until a couple years before he died at 94. Even then, his eyes would tear up remembering what he went thru. War is hell.
What a book!  Everyday I would tell my wife that I had to "check on my girls".  She knew that I meant that I would be delving back into "The Nightingale".  I felt a strong connection to both of the characters.  This was an emotional read and this is one of those stories that will always stay with me.
Loved this story the longer I read it. The ending was heartbreaking and wonderful....all in one.<br/>I don't think ANY of us born post WII have any idea just how bad it was and the sacrifices made for our freedoms. This book is a stark reminder that war is horrific but not fighting against evil would be much worse.
An exquisite, heart-wrenching story.  It changed my entire perspective of how this most terrible time in the world's history could occur.  It is a testament of the great humanity and courage of many people in the face of stark, unadulterated evil.<br/>We must never forget what happened there so as not to relive it.
I loved it from the beginning and it was easy to get involved with each of the characters.  Going back to occupied France and the bravery of the people and particularly the women was gripping. The dynamic between the two sisters was very compelling.  The frustration and different personalities really told the story.
Beautifully written account of the lives of French citizens during WW2 German-occupied France.  The characters were in rivetting situations and the author, Hannah, wrote sensational, and sometimes heart-wrenching, events.  I absolutely adored this book!  It made me think how my life would be if we ddn't win the war.
Another truly incredibly well written novel. Kristin Hannah always draws you in as her story beings to unfold and by the end you are as intrigued and drawn to the characters and amazing story line that you forget what's around you. Kristen has a gift for story telling and bringing you into her world!! Amazing story!
This book grabbed me from the start. Love historical fiction for any era. This one had it all; humanity, treachery, suspense, a  view of a time which still defies understanding. Read longer and more often because I needed to know how the story would work out. Loved the characters, the writing, how the story evolved.
This is my first work written by the author, and I am anxious to read others.  The Nightingale is breathtaking.  The characters come to life as if they are members of my own family.  The reader becomes one with their lives...laughing, crying, hoping and believing with them.  This a must read and will not disappoint.
Finally, a book I cannot put down.  I got nothing done besides the essentials in the few days It took me to read this. Strong female characters, the setting brought vividly to life, a page-turning plot, and messages about life that resonate in your heart. Read it if you want to lose yourself for just a little while.
I loved this book. I never wanted it to end. I am fascinated about the underground effort taken by all of Europe to rid the world of the Nazi's. I find that those people were so courageous. I would advise the reader to have some tissues ready but please do not let that dissuade you from reading this heartfelt novel.
Hannah does a masterful job of weaving main character's current life with her hidden past.  She also expertly reveals, in a timely fashion, the many conflicts which were present for citizen's in an occupied country during a war.  I've read many books on WWII - fiction & nonfiction and this one rises to near the top.
I am a WWII nut and read everything whether it be fiction or non-fiction, but this book is special.  I think I knew it would be special when I took it out of the packaging.  The cover was stunning.  It was as if the publishers wanted the cover to be as beautiful as the story.  Truly wonderful. I highly recommend it.
I've read nearly all of Kristin Hannah's books and am a big fan.  She is a very diversified  author.  There is nothing cookie cutter about her writing  So many writers after a few successful books seem to fall in the same rut - similar  heroes/heroines and plots.  Not  Kristin Hannah.  I know I'm in for a good read!
A book that was hard to put down. The French rebellion during World War II. Shows just how important women were to the movement and to holding together the normal life for their children.  The author pulls you in and uses just the right amount of suspense to keep there.  I throughly enjoyed every part of this book.
The Nightingale tells the often untold and overlooked story of the strength, courage and tenacity of the women left behind in WWII, and their acts of heroism and defiance against the odds. It is a rich, character-driven novel that is both empowering and somber, and stays with you for some time after the final page.
This is a thoughtful portrayal of war-torn France during Nazi occupation. Not really my genre but it received such wonderful reviews I thought I'd  try something different.  It has not disappointed.  France often gets a bad wrap for WW II. If half of the facts in this book are true it's an unfair criticism of them.
This book was amazing. At first I was seeing how differently two people handled a devastating, evil war.  One going into fight for freedom, the other trying to acquiesce to get buy.  In the end they both loved and cared so much for those around them that their lives made a difference. Love, love changes everything.
I love historical fiction, and this book will rate as one of my favorites. The story is realistic, doesn't glorify or play into the ugliness of war and the German movements. The characters are real and likable. The story grabs you and keeps you. A very very good book. I would recommend this book to all my friends.
This book is quite a departure from Kristin Hannah's norm.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but she had me from Page 1.  This book is full of rich history.  It's not a fluffy beach read, yet I read it over two sittings.  The Nightingale is on my very short list of high recommendations.  You will not be disappointed!
I am a huge fan of Kristin Hannah's. This book was phenomenal! It had thrills, secrets, and love that all came together like a beautiful nightingale call. I have read many stories and have done much research concerning the holocaust. This tale however will have a special place in my heart always! Merci Ms. Hannah!
I couldn't put this book down. The writing is superb. The author draws you into a world of grief and pain and sacrifice and love. Hands down the best book I've read this year. Also, it made me want to dig deeper into the history, which is very accurate. Great job. I will be looking into more books by this author.
One of the best books I have read lately!  Very interesting characters and situations.  I love WWII stories and this book about two sisters in France and their trials and tribulations with the Nazis holds love, death, courage and drama!  Lots of drama.  Very compelling read and I would highly recommend this book!
A remarkable read! Hannah painted such a beautiful, yet horrific story of France in WWII, that will forever be imprinted on my mind. A sobering and tragic light on what the French women....and men, endured during one of the world's darkest periods in history. Please read....you will not forget or be disappointed.
This was one of the best books I've ever read.  I was drawn to the characters from the very start and was actually sad when it ended.  The characters are compelling, the writing is captivating and the story is simultaneously sad, horrifying and honest and i couldn't put it down.  This should be made into a movie!
Okay, knowing the subject, I was prepared for a bit of a cry at the end.  Sobbed.  Wonderful story, strong amazing characters - so worth the sobbing.  The best way to absorb history is with characters such as these that you admire, worry over, and become involved with and mourn their losses. Thank you, Ms.Hannah.
In the beginning, I wasn't so sure this was my kind of book.  I thought it might be too fairy tale like.  Once I got into it, I realized it was anything but a fairy tale.  It's difficult to imagine the pain these people went through.  Although fiction, it reflects so much reality of that time.  Very well written.
Great historical fiction.  The characters are rich and the story is riveting.  This book is filled with information regarding WWII France and opened my eyes to lots of things I didn't know before I read it.  This is one of those books you don't want to end.  Loved everything about this story and highly recommend.
Books are my drug. Amazon must love me. But this is the first time I have been compelled to write a review.<br/><br/>I love historical fiction. But this one is a step up. If you want to read about true sheroes, this is a dammed food place to start. Hats off to the author, and to the women who made a difference.
I have read a number of books about WWII and this was the most impressive story of ordinary women who did the extraordinary! All the characters were full of depth and compassion. The end was a bit of a surprise, I thought I'd figured it all out but alas not quite. Well written and enjoyable. Worthy of your time!!
Books have been known to take us away, to transport us to another time, another place, and to tear at our hearts.  Nightingale was such a book.  Easy to see how it earned a spot on the bestseller list.  If you don't mind a few tears while reliving a wartime love story, The Nightingale is about as good as it gets.
Kristin Hannah has outdone herself with this story.  It is a masterpiece.  It is a story of the conflicts and loves of a family, the story of hardship under the oppressive heel of Nazism and of complex people who are neither all good nor all evil.  It is also the story of some seldom mentioned historical events.
All the Light We Cannot See (Doerr) remains my favorite book about World War II France, but Hannah’s book about two French sisters who risk their own safety to help others, is a page turned and surprisingly give one a lot to think about in between tears. The story is sad, how could it not be, but very inspiring.
Excellent story about 2 sisters both caught up in different aspects and situations during World War II France.  Their personal stories, relationships, hardships, and dedication to France are well written and very interesting. This story held my attention and interest from start to finish. Would highly recommend!
Beautifully written fictional story once again about the Nazi atrocities commited against the Jews and political prisoners in France.  Wonderful character development with non-stop action.  Use your imagination how it ended but this also portrayed the bravery of the Resistance fighters. You won't have a dry eye!
I absolutely loved this book! I actually sobbed at the end. And I'm not a weepy girl. I think it was very well written, I really couldn't put it down, then I wanted to but then I couldn't. .. Amazing story and I can't wait for the movie! They better pick 2 very good actresses to play the main characters!  Enjoy!
I loved this book. Rarely do I find I book I can't put down but this was one. I haven't read any reviews on this so not sure what others had to say. It was recommended by someone. I found the characters to be very believable. That period of time was so tragic and I never rwalized how e French were also tortured.
Very difficult read due to the reality BUT very well done and factual! It was a couldn't put down and made me cry several times! Any book that evokes emotion is success! This is a surprise ending which is also very hard to take! It really depicts the times in those black years,if WE CAN ONLY LEARN FROM THEM!!!!!
Great book. If you choose to listen to this as an audiobook, you may want to listen in a way that allows you to speed up - Overdrive is one choice. I found it to be too slow, but the story held my interest anyway.<br/>Most books set in this time period bore me at some point in the story.  This was an exception.
I loved this book!  Did not want to put it down.  If you love reading stories during War time 1940's you will really enjoy this one.  Great story about the lives of two sisters during war time and how they helped political prisoners and Jewish children.  A story of love and redemption.  Definitely a page turner.
I loved reading this book. The characters came to life in the first few pages and stayed that way to the end. The story was captivating and I didn't want it to end. I also really liked how the author brought all the characters to a finish. I'd recommend and will recommend this book to everyone to read and enjoy.
This book was an excellent read. The disturbing part of the story is how humanity goes to pieces in abnormal times. The relationship between the sisters and their father was most touching. So opposite of what was going on around them. I'm on my way to my book club to discuss this well written book.  Miriam Ulman
Outstanding story & held your interest from the 1st page.<br/>I finished this book in 2 days. Found it an intriguing story<br/>& feel that everyone should have a must read & this is on that list.<br/>I want to give this as a gift to my family but am having difficulty<br/>doing so. Would appreciate your help.
The writing is splendid with sentences like,  "'How terrible,' Isabelle said in a voice as sweet and bitter as burned caramel." ,which fit the scene, perfectly. The two sisters lives parallel and contrast each other, throughout. The topics can be difficult, at times, but you'll be unable to stop reading.
I listened to this book through several 7-8 hour car rides.  It is long.  The beginning half hour or hour may not be totally engrossing but stick with it.  Its a really good historical fiction of the holocaust in France.  The French policemen helped round up the Jews and political dissidents.  Its a great book.
This book was recommended by a friend she said it was the best book she had read and I couldn't agree more..  I love all things WWIi related.  This story was sad, but it showed how resilient people are.  As a sister .mother and a women I understand what a mother will do for family. I couldn't put this book down
Kristin Hannah outdid herself with this one.  We as "Baby Boomers" know some of what went on during World War II, but this gives insight into what the French went through.  Spell binding book!  I truly was surprised at the ending.  Had NO idea that would happen!  Bottom line, read this book!  Excellent!
I could not put this down. My father flew a bomber in WWII and his tales of Europe in that era were engaging for me. Of course they were true. This book offers a look at a human and not-so-human enemy. Her characters were well done, the pace kept you going. I read it in 2 1/2 days, little got done in the house.
I have read a lot of books about WWII. This book was unique in that it exposed the plight of the French people and it was told through a women's point of view. As a man, I found this book very intriguing. The book is well worth the time to read it. I am having my wife read it now and she is enjoying it as well.
I read 2-3 books a week, but this is the the first review I've ever written....this book deserves it. It is so incredibly inspiring and beautiful. It pays tribute to the human spirit and what it can endure.<br/><br/>Books like this make us all dig a little deeper into the world and ourselves. Tremendous read!
Great Read. Highly Recommend ! I truly enjoyed this story. The character development was done quite well. Each and every character came to life. Enjoy this novel it is well worth the read. The sisters relationship was so true to life. Sisters sometimes don't understand each other and see past childhood history.
What an amazing book! Kristin Hannah outdid herself on this story.  Vianne and Isabel are two sisters in France during WW II.  One is rebellious and joins the resistance. The other is just trying to survive.  What each goes through and why each behaves the way they do is the essence of the story.  A must-read!
A beautiful example of how love transcends time and pain. I never realized how horrible the French government & army were during the French occupation. It's one of the many things I love about good historical fiction - it tells a compelling story while teaching you about the time period in which it takes place.
Slow start  and some very poor writing, with cliches, but by the middle I was fully engrossed with the story the characters and the history.  I did a research about the war that I was unaware of.  The terrible suffering, the cruelty and the valor gives a great deal of thought to who/what we are as human beings.
This is one of the best books I have read since "The Boys in the Boat."  I didn't realize Kristin Hannah had written it till I got to the end, and I was surprised, because it is so different from her other books.  They are very good, but this one is awesome.  Someone just HAS to make this into a movie!!
This non-stop journey through innocence to the depths of man made Hell to reach redemption is a trip of a lifetime. At the conclusion, I challenged myself to become a better, more compassionate and politically attentive human and citizen. This book teaches us how to BECOME kinder and morally sound human beings.
Actually more like 3.5.  Enjoyed and was able to invest in the characters, but found some of the writing  a bit sentimental (romance novelesque) and in places not very tidy.  Overall, entertaining and engaging, although it is difficult to characterize any book focusing on the atrocities of WWII as entertaining.
Absolutely one of the finest books I have read since THe Invention of Wings! If you like stories of WW II and the French Resistance, you will love this book. It is one that stays with you for a while after you finish it. Loved it, if one can love a story about this subject without wanting to weep at every page.
All I can say is WOW, WHAT AN ENJOYABLE STORY.  it's been a while since I've read a REALLY GOOD BOOK with a STORY THAT NEVER STOPS.  I think the last ones were GONE GIRL, 11/22/63 and WHERE DID YOU GO BERNADETTE?  This story is just as good.<br/>I listened via audiobook and the narrator grabbed me immediately.
Whether or not this is an accurate portrayal of a woman's role in Paris during the war, it is a striking story of their will to live and help others do so. Their survival during this unreal time should make us pause and think about what people were willing to sacrifice for their friends, family and countrymen.
A beautifully written book, I am not a very avid reader in general, I started this book because a friend recommended it to me and I could not put it down! Great story, I could visualize everything being described in the book and in generally I was totally engrossed from start to finish. Definitely a must read!
All of the books I have read that speak of the tragedies of war mesmerize you and keep you so engaged that when the book is over you want to know more.  In this case you want to hear how people that caused so much destruction can go on with their lives without consequences! I didn't want to put this book down!
Kristin Hannah has written about how French women survived WW2, focusing on two sisters, one of whom was known as the  Nightingale. She obviously did her homework, but it's as much about the sisters' relationship as anything else, a picture this writer is expert at painting. Get you tissues out for the ending!
Beautiful and heartbreaking story about the German occupation of France. We know about the brutality, but told through the character's eyes it becomes more personal and heart wrenching. A great read- you will think about the characters long after you've finished the book. Unfortunately it's all based on truth.
If you like Kristin, it's a must read. There were parts that were hard to stomach knowing that even though this was fiction, the horror of WWII is very real. Puts life into perspective today. She does a brilliant job of making all of the characters real and relatable. Two weeks later and it's still on my mind.
This was a captivating book, into the lives of women who were a line to safety during ww2. Their strength could match & surpass any man. You actually felt their heartbeats, love, sacrifice & so much more. I don't know if this was based on fact or not, but in my heart I believe it to be so. It's a heart tugger!
REally enjoyed this book.  Author's writing is bright, articulate and descriptive which makes it a pleasure to read. [I won't read poorly written books. They are painful and I lose interest].  Not here -  I was up reading beyond 'bedtime'.  Historic aspects are also appropriately integrated.  Highly recommend.
I have read many novels about the Holocaust but none have drawn me in like this one. The characters are realistic, the scenes are vividly described and very believable. The description of horrors of life during this war from a non-Jewish perspective was very moving.<br/><br/>This is a very understated brief review of a powerful book.
"The Nightingale" taught me so much about the plight of the people of France during WWII.  The characters were well-developed and thoroughly believeable, and I found myself looking forward to getting home from work so I could read more.  Truly this is one of the best historical novels I have ever read.
Readable, and  admirable goal to highlight the role of women in WWII, but<br/>had some odd conceits...switching randomly to 1995 and first-person narration..if the author explained how that narrator got from France to Oregon, I missed it. But I zoomed through most of it in one night so maybe I am being picky.
She had to have been there.  I was with them.  I weep for them.  Impulsive bravery of youth,  thoughtful bravery and sacrifice.  Unspeakable consequence for the character to act for the other.  An example of all we hope we could quietly give because there is really no other choice and still live with yourself.
This is a very hard book to read, mainly because of the torturous way humans were treated.  Even tho it is a novel, there is so much truth in it.  It all comes together in the end and  shows what a fantastic writer Kristin Hannah truly is.  I look forward to reading more of her upbeat novels.<br/>Laura Schwab
Probably my favorite Kristin Hannah novel. If you do not like WWWII stories this may not be for you. Hannah told this story from a view point I have not heard from other authors. The view of two French women in the midst of WWII. This story will run your emotions through the wringer but it is worth every tear.
I enjoyed this book, learned about what life was like for French people during the occupation in a vivid and memorable way. I cared about both sisters, was intrigued by their reactions to the Nazis, and kept reading to know their fates. It was a good read and served as a good discussion base for my book club.
This is by far one of the best books I've read in recent years. I couldn't put it down.  Kristin Hannah's historical novel about the German occupation and the French Resistance included romance, espionage, brutality, and despair as well as hope.  I'm going to recommend that our book club put this on our list.
Well written story of two very different sisters and the divergent paths they took to cope in nazi occupied France.The descriptive writing puts you on the scene to feel what it was like to experience the hardship,cruelty and humanity. Survival is the mantra of one sister and revenge to the enemy the others. i
I absolutely loved this book.  It was written in such a way that i felt that i was there.  The descriptions of the area, weather, feelings, etc. was outstanding.  When a book can make you happy and make you cry and everything in between, it is a masterpiece and this book definitely has all of these qualities.
This is a beautiful and deeply sad story. The history that it teaches should never be forgotten. How very lucky we Americans are to have never had such terrible wars in our country. Thank God for the men and women who gave their lives to keep us free and for the ones who lived so that we may know the stories.
This was definitely unputadownable  I found it a very sad book but beautifully written  this is my first Kristin Hannah book but it will not be the last I think because she used real facts it made it all the better. There was a time when I thought plagiarism then i realised it was because she was giving facts
I absolutely loved this book . Kristin Hannah is one of, if not my favorite author.  This and Winter Garden are my top choices for books by her.  Similar feel to them. Hard to put done but easy to read.  There were some tears at times but it was just that good.  :)  Thank you to Kristin Hannah.  Keep writing.
What a tale!!!!! I have probably read everything this author has written and have loved them all. The Nightingale is unbelievable! Totally amazed by her writing and storytelling....thank you, thank you, thank you for a truly wonderful book!!!  She deserves all the success that the Nightingale will bring her!.
Never have I read a book as amazing as The Nightingale. Wonderfully written and moving with it's inspiring characters, there is profound joy and sorrow while reading this novel. It has continued surprises throughout that keeps you wanting to read more. I could hardly put it down!. Would highly recommend this.
To realize what the citizens experienced is a shocking eye opener. To know the extent to which so many chose to 'fight ' against the occupation of their communities and their bravery is incredible. We never know what it truly means when we judge another. This book is a lesson that awakens self introspection.
I found this book an extremely great read.... both historically, and  for character development.  Of course, it was even more fasinating as I was reading about Paris in World War II, as Paris was being hurt again by terrorists recently.  If you love to be engrossed in a story, this is a book you should read.
Wonderful book--kept me intrigued every step of the way.  Having just returned from Prague and visiting the concentration camp Terrezin, I was even more interested in the subject matter.  The characters brought things into perspective and made it really come to life.  Such a terrible and sad time in history.
I did not want to put this book down. I just wanted everyone, safe,clean and fed. That is not always possible.  Family and love gave the characters motivation. The cruelty of people. This detailed novel touched every emotion. Spiritual, mind, and body. I look forward to following Me Hannah's work. Blessings.
The characters were so-o real: I felt as if I knew them all personally. Papa's relationship (or lack of one) with his daughters' was heartbreaking but had a most redeeming conclusion. I am happy that more than 70 years after the ending of World War Two, the stories are still being told. We must never forget!
War, sacrifice and love have many colors, depth and intensity.  This story had them all.  What are people capable of enduring and still have room to love?<br/>I have read many books set in WWII lately.  All left me with a different view and a different way to understand.<br/>I enjoyed this book thoroughly.
An incredible novel, one that should be required in French/ world war ll studies. I enjoyed this novel with such a heavy heart and feel ashamed of my whiney cries about car trouble and grocery shopping!  So well written with such creative in depth detail, never boring yet enticing...thank you kristen hannah!
Excellent book!  A must read if you like historical fiction.  I've read Kristin Hannah before and felt her books were okay but this is her at her absolute BEST!  I hope she continues to write more books like this.  I hated to see this book come to an end.  Can't say enough good things about it.  GREAT READ!
A behind the scenes look at a female resistance fighter during World War II.  The Nightingale brings you up close to the perilous lives led by French Citizens in constant fear of the Nazis.  The story unfolds the journey of two very different sisters and how they respond to the occupation and the Holocaust.
A very powerful and emotional story about sisters Vianne and Isabelle's involvement and struggle to survive in WWII occupied France. I consider them to be strong female characters in this story, and I found it hard to put this book down as I was so captivated right from the beginning. There were a few times that I just couldn't hold back the tears. Beautifully written historical fiction. This one has made it to my 2015 favorites list. I highly recommend The Nightingale.
Well what can I say . This book moved me , and made me think . It reminds us of the sacrifice , and the heros's of a generation that we are losing too quickly .<br/>That love can be an incredible force . It reminds us that the human spirit has an uncanny ability to survive after unimaginable loss .<br/>Tt
Of the 27 books I have read during the last three months, this one is my most favorite!  Could not put it down!  The character development, the story line, the dialog were all perfect.  I felt like I was living with them because the descriptions were so realistic.  I loved this book and highly recommend it!
This was a very good read.  Interesting take on life in France during World War 11.  At any rate,  life wasn't very good for the people in France and especially bad for people of the Jewish faith.  Very sad but uplifting in some ways when the invasion was terminated with the allied forces entry at Normandy.
I loved this story!  Fast pace regarding WWII and the French Resistance.  The story centers upon two sisters and how each deals with the events of the time.  The story also jumps to present day and keeps you guessing as to which sister this is.  My whole family read the book and everyone greatly enjoyed it.
This book consumed me while reading .  Though tears, I identified with the characters.  It brings a realization to the atrocities that occurred in Europe during this reign of terror.  A reminder that we are different, but in the end love binds us together.  Thank you to Kristin Hannah for writing this book.
I read this book in one day. It is a story that will stay with you long after the last page. The incredible bravery of the men and women who not only survived the German occupation of France but led the Resistance is humbling but at the same time uplifting. Well written fascinating book. Highly recommended.
Well written piece of history. So often the part women play in war is overlooked. Men get the medals. The character development was very sensitively written. The horrors perpetrated by the Nazis is well recorded and documented but Hannah brings home it dark and devastating effect on innocent victims of war.
This is a most beautifully written book. It is also one of the saddest stories I have ever read. However, the reader is constantly reminded of the resilience and strength of the human spirit. I have read many books on the Holocaust,, but The Nightingale will stay with me the very longest. It is a must-read.
I never give reviews, but have to on "The Nightingale".  The book is historical fiction, and such an eye-opener into that decade in world history.  The story is so sad, yet so beautiful.  This is my book of the year already!!!  Loved it so much that I will probably buy the hard copy to keep forever!
fabulous reading!  the author has an amazing way of portraying her characters--  you feel so much for them--i can't stop thinking about how great this book was--one of my all time favorites-- Hannah has an amazing ability to put you on the edge of your seat--i'm actually upset that i've finished the book!!
Best novel I've read in at least a year. Even though this is fiction, the author focuses on the life of French women during Nazi occupation and what they were doing behind the scenes to help others. Well written story with a historical background that I was unaware of; provides a good learning opportunity.
The lives of two sisters who, in their own way, learn to survive the horrors of World War II Nazi occupied France and become proactive in the cause of freedom. A fascinating historical novel that will keep you wanting to jump into the conflict with them. Bravery as its best definition!  Jody H. Avid reader
This was an exciting book to read about WWII and the uniqueness was in two sisters each fighting for their country of France in their own way.<br/>There are so many books written about this time in our history, but very few include women.  I recommended this book to all of my friends,<br/>  Colleen Criss
What an amazing story of two sisters and what they had to endure in occupied France in WWII.  Women played a large role during the war and this book takes the reader through the horror, the sacrifices, the courage and the struggle just to stay alive.  For lovers of historical fiction - this book is a must!
I loved this book! It was amazingly well written, provoking and tragic. It was nice to see a love story between two sisters and not the same ole story about men and women. It was a remarkable. I could not put it down! You will not regret reading this book and it will consume your thoughts during and after.
Loved this book.  I remember WW2 but we were never exposed to the horrible conditions suffered by occupied countries:  the constant fear, the lack of food, seeing your friends and neighbors sent away never to return.  How fortunate we are to live in this country!  Not too many people today appreciate that.
I could not put this book down. It was compelling and believable and the development of the characters with all of their imperfections was engaging. The way people react under extreme stress is unpredictable and this captivating story not only illustrates that but twists and turns to unexpected outcomes.
This is one of my favorite books of the past few years. I don't read a lot of fiction, but this was beautifully written without calling attention to the writing. The story was totally compelling, and the characters both sympathetic and flawed, as most humans are. It makes me want to read her other books.
What a great book.  It took me back to an event viewed through the eyes of someone who was in an active war zone.  Choices I could never imagine having to make.  It makes you realize how difficult it is to make choices that will alter the lives of those you love.  Sacrifices you never even knew possible.
For women in France the war was horrific.  This is a well told story of families, and mainly some brave women, trapped in Hitler's evil, how they fought and how some survived.  I liked the way the author framed the story with the beginning and ending dealing with one of the heroine's end of life issues.
Recommended The Nightingale by Hannah to our book club.  I thought the amount of hardship faced by the occupied French was portrayed with vivid detail.  The characters were for the most part well addressed while avoiding the pitfall of stereotypes. A good read with a few spots that were left unfinished.
Although fictional, I felt that this book gave an excellent portrayal of realistic plights for people of both Jewish and French cultures during WWII.  Ms. Hannah realistically and sensitively portrayed the impact of war as well as the WWII era on a French family and their community.  Excellently done!!!
This book intrigued me from the moment I began reading it. Usually I do not like to read stories about war, but this one I could not put down. The characters were complicated yet simple. They, oftentimes, moved me to tears.  This was a very powerful book that I would strongly encourage everyone to read.
I have had a hard time finding a really good book to read lately.  The Nightingale is now one of my top 10 favorites.  I learned so much about the War and I felt so much compassion for the characters.  This book has inspired me to learn more about this fascinating time in history.  Page turner for sure!
Well-written.  As I am reading several historical fictions in the same period (WW2), this story of the French occupation by the Nazi's gave me a perspective I had not had about the lives of those in France, especially women and children.  This book was intense and brought tears to my eyes several times.
This book will keep you up to the wee hours, keep you guessing as to the ending, and keep you engrossed in a story that is just as relevant today as in the 1940's France.  It is a story of sisters and their reactions to situations outside their control.  I rate it 5 stars.  I could not guess the ending.
Kristen Hannah has been one of my favourite authors for many years but this work tops all the national bestselling literature I've read for quite some time. It's sophisticated in content and style; full of real-deal humanity on every page. It's impossible to put down and by far the best from a real pro.
Great historical fiction.  I felt the greatest sadness reading this account of the war, and with great admiration for those who were willing to give so much in their efforts to save so many during such horrific times and conditions during WWII. I wept at the end, so unprepared for how things would end.
This is a spellbinding novel about a French family in the midst of Nazi occupied France during the Second World War. The characters really come to life and the reader becomes very involved with their joys, sorrows and adventures. I could not put the book down. The ending was very moving and meaningful.
The WWII Period has always appealed to me due the terrible but complete commitment to live and make difference that the circumstances in Europe brought out in the best of people. This novel rightly brings to light the crucial role that women played in ameliorating the fragile lives of some many others.
One of the best books of the year!!!  It has all the qualities of a great book.  A seriously good read for both women and men, especially for anyone interested in WWII.  It is a love story, a war story, a coming of age story, and a family story.  Buy it, read it, and enjoy thinking about it afterwards!
I really loved this book!!  It started slow and I almost gave u[-actually put it aside for a bit, then someone told me to go back to it, it<br/>got better and it did! I loved the story, the characters, the setting in France during the war-it all came to life!  So glad I stuck with it,<br/>a real gem!
It took several chapters to before I was really interested in it. It seemed that the set-up and character development took forever but then it just ended. I wanted to know more about after the war, how they coped and struggled to rebuild France. I thought it was a good book but lacked depth at the end.
It is a beautiful book..... Mesmerizing, yet soul shattering! It made me think about the past long before I was born and how grateful I am to leave in the United States. Ms Hannah has an amazing talent for storytelling. I couldn't put the book down even while my heart was breaking for the characters. I
Best book I have read in a while. Loved the story. Loved that is based on a true story. Loved how it ended - sort of. WWII history nuts - put this on your list. I am also surprised the Kristin Hannah wrote this. This has much more depth than her usual books that I consider sort of fluffy but enjoyable.
I thought I had read just about enough about the holocaust and WWII but this came so highly recommended I decided to give it a try.<br/>What a challenging story!  Two women with the same father, participating in the resistance in their own way with incredible bravery.  Truly a book you can't put down.
Wow!  This was an amazing story!  Really makes you think of all the war stories we have missed fiction or nonfiction.  Unless one lives through that life one has no clue how hard a frightening it must be.  And we have so many countries and people living these same lives right now.  When will we learn!
I was born in France after WWII. As I was growing up , there would always been mentions of the war but I feel my parents spared me the ugliness and misery they had endured. This book opened my eyes and in some remote way made me understand how the war affected their lives.<br/>Great historical novel.
Anyone with a sister, a father or best friend needs to read this textured novel.  Finished this week's ago but the poignant characters and realities of wartime survival continues to make me grateful for my life and the deep suffering and sacrifices made by our world war 2 ancestors.  Bravo Ms. Hannah!
This was a well written and researched book about the occupation of France, and the Holocaust during WWII. The story told the story of 2 sisters and the very different choices that each made.<br/> It was a very compelling story and so well-written that you will be unable to put it down. A great read!
Possibly Kristen Hannah's best work yet.  She proves herself to be a great story teller filling her tale with memorable characters.  I would highly recommend this book if you love historical fiction and you are a fan of Ms. Hannah's work.  You will not be disappointed!  A great pick for any book club.
A very good narrative, believable characters but the grimness drags on and on too long with redundant details of cruelty, death and suffering to the point where one wonders ust what the message is that the author wants us to leave with. If it is hope and understanding then that is really hard to find.
The Nightingale is a story of two sisters who survived the Nazi occupation of France.  Each sister was strong, determined  and driven to do whatever was needed to survive, and in turn save others from the Nazi machinations.  The book was a very interesting story and I highly recommend it.<br/><br/>.
So beautifully written, Kristin Hannah weaves a tale of family and<br/>Patriotic bonds that become tested during the Nazi occupation of WW2.<br/>The historic narrative and struggles re ignite what must never be forgotten.<br/>Finally culminating in a love triumphing over the evils of Nazis and war.
First time to read a novel by this author and I immediately loved her style of writing. I love the plot and I just couldn't put the kindle down just to finish it. Intense emotions from the major characters in this novel - anger, love, passion, sacrifice and forgiveness in the time of war  and poverty.
If the option were available, I would have rated at 4.5 stars.  I have read much, both historical fiction and non-fiction, in WWII settings.  I loved Isabelle from the first page I met her.  Character depth for all was well drawn, yet I longed to know more about each.  A beautiful and inspiring story.
I really enjoyed this book since I knew very little about the French Resistance. I loved the characters. So many from that era never talk about all that they went through in the war, and I can see why. This gave some insight about those who were left in their homes and towns when the Germans occupied.
I enjoyed this book because it showed me a time in France's history that I was unaware of.  We don't realize what atrocities the French people and the French Jewish people suffered through. We never hear of the women's bravery and how they persevered. It was so well written and I couldn't put it down!
Very well written but a predictable plot and story line. The French resistance during WWII was an amazing example of the human spirit but the Rossignol story was one I've read about many times. There was no new twist to that horrible time in human history. However, the ending was well done and moving.
I love historical fiction and The Nightingale did not disappoint.  This is a well crafted story. I wanted to read it every minute I had.  If I woke in the middle of the night, I reached for my Kindle and read until I again fell asleep.  This was my first book by Kristin Hannah. It will not be my last.
A wonderfully, very moving read - covering a difficult or perhaps painful subject.  I could not put the book down and was very, very emotionally moved at the end.  I never read books more than once; but I will definitely re-read this one - and take a closer look at other books written by this author.
What a family that found each other during World War II. The realities of German occupation was real and often palatable. Both survivors and those transported suffered, and that is war at its worst. But the hope was in the fighting against the enemy, no matter the cost. I had trouble putting it down.
Probably the BEST book I've ever read!  I've always been a fan of Kristin Hannah - her books are all wonderful.  But this one is one that will haunt you for weeks after you are finished reading it.  The characters come to life on the page, and you feel like you know each one.  Bravo, Kristin Hannah!!
The Nightingale is a wonderful history  lesson on the situation in France during WW11.  The characters are so well portrayed that you can almost see them.<br/>Story keeps you guessing till the end.  The writing is perfect for the story.  First book read by Kristin Hannah but it will not be the last.
I loved this because I love a well-written WWII novel.  This was written from a totally different perspective than the rest.  The reason I love these novels is that I believe we should never forget what happened there.  My father was part of that war, in the Pacific theater.  The greatest generation.
A wonderful read full of great characters. I particularly liked the portrayal  of French citizens during the German occupation. I found that very interesting and often overlooked in other novels. The book is very tenderhearted and found myself emotionally moved. This is one I didn't want to put down.
I always ask myself if I would read again in the future the book I'd just finished!!  This one I would but not for a long time as I became so immersed in the story and attached to its characters!  The author made me feel as if  I was part of the history of that time.......  It is truly unforgetable!!
The story lines were complete, you were not left to guess what happened.  Several reviews were negative, but I disagree with those reviews. The writing was awesome, I was able to see the wall surrounding the house, and the town. Sad, real and yet informative. My take away, stepping out side your box.
I listened to the Audible version of this book and absolutely loved it right up until the end. Often times, I can guess the ending of a book well in advance, but this one kept me on my toes. I loved the characters, particularly because they were imperfect and vulnerable. I highly recommend this book.
Very different from Kristin Hannah's previous books.  Satisfying and thought provoking.  A little slow and confusing at the beginning but improved and then shined at the end.  Showed how difficult WWII was for everyone, not just soldiers and the important role women played in bringing down the Nazis.
This novel was written to tell the story of some of the French Resistance .  All of our book club really liked it.  If anyone has forgotten how evil and how widespread the Nazi's persecution  of many groups of people were this will be a quick lesson.  The characters were complex and yet so ordinary.
I love historical drama and this one fits the bill. When reading stories about WW2, it's hard for those of us who didn't live during those times, to believe that these Nazi atrocities could happen. This book is about that and so much more. I cried more than once reading this. It does not disappoint.
Not a typical love story, but a story of the power of love and the strength of the human spirit. A time in our world's history that should NEVER be repeated. I didn't love it in the beginning, sounded very cliche, however, by the mid point, I was totally hooked and deeply involved in the characters.
This tale of two French sisters and their experiences during WW II, each living very different realities and neither understanding the other's challenges, is extremely well done.  This is the second book of Hannah's that I have read and each intrigued me.  She is becoming one of my favorite authors.
This was an excellent, excellent book! A realistic portrayal of life in occupied France during World War II with characters that jumped off the page. I thought I had read enough to understand the Occupation, but this book gave me a much better understanding, the Nightingale is one of her best books!
This novel is not one to passover. I'm an avid reader and this book ranks among my top 3 favorites. I can't wait to read it again. It evoked such emotion and gratitude for not only those who bravely stand against tyranny, but for my very existence. It will definitely put everything into perspective.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The characters and the flash back way of telling the story made it impossible to put down. Realistic and not overly dramatic, totally believable. Heart wrenching and very interesting the tale of French sisters during WW 11. I highly recommend this book to one and all
Excellent story and once you get into it you will not be able to put it down.  It appears Hannah did lots of research because from what I have read this story matches what actually happened in several parts of France and Europe.  I liked this book so much that I will probably read it several times.
I will be in "Bookland" for days. In other words, I will be thinking of this book non stop for days!!! I cannot believe how wonderful it was! One of the BEST books I have read...ever! I just finished it and I want to begin reading it again, just to savor the words. Top of my list...forever!
I've read a number of wonderfully written novels about WW II...and I swore I wasn't going to read another for awhile. Then came The Nightingale. I couldn't put it down. As to who was the narrator...It kept me guessing until the end. Characterization, setting, plot....highest stars deserved for all.
This novel taught me things about WWII that I never learned in the  classroom.  It is meticulously researched and flows beautifully. The humanness that it brings to a family whose members each survive such different but real atrocities of the war makes it impossible to put down. Highly recommended.
One of the best books I have ever read.
I had to wait a day to write this because of how emotional I was when I finished this novel. But wow, what can I say? This was a story of two French women and their role in WWll. It was deep, but so empowering and moving. Definitely a different view point during the war and was an incredible read.
I was whisked away into France and became each of these sisters, but especially V.  The realism, love, anger, descriptions, were so strong.  This was a different perspective on the war and it's prisoners.  I really had trouble putting this down and plan to read everyone of Kristin Hannah's novels.
This is one of the best books I've ever read/listened to. I enjoyed every minute of it, completely wrapped up in the characters and the story. I cried numerous times, but was still left at the end of the book with a warm feeling. I actually listened to it off Audible and the narrator was fabulous!
This was an unexpected view of how women, or for the most part anyone not interred in a camp, survived in Nazi occupied France.  This book has also spurred me on to reading more about the French resistance.  The book also gave a better understanding of how people are worn down through deprivation.
This book broke my heart. Make sure you have tissues.  An Incredible WWII story of survival from the lives of the women left behind in France.  The strength and courage these women had to get their family's through the ugliness of a horrible time in the history of France.  You must read this book!
The same undeniably rich characters that only Kristen Hannah can create.  This book had me from the first paragraph.  When the book ended, I found myself missing the characters!  To me, this book is on-par with Wintergarden (which was my favorite by Hannah to date).  Do not wait to read this book!
There are so many books written on WW II that at times I want to scream "enough"!  This book brought me back to the real and very personal tragedy of those who lived through this horrendous time.  If another book on the subject is not read, this one is a true gut wrenching must of a read.
My first time with this author.  The book was recommended to me and lived up to everything that was said about it.  A week later and the book still sticks with me.  The descriptions, and resulting emotions from them, are haunting.  I read and loved Sarah's  Key, but this book goes much beyond it.
this is the story of two sisters and how they each helped during World War II. They were opposite personalities and had a hard time getting along. They both felt unloved by their father. This story follows both of their lives.  They lead a very hard life. Very interesting read. Highly recommend!!
Nightingale was an exciting read about the years of WWII in central France & the terrible times for the French under Nazi occupation. It also highlighted the efforts of the Resistance to undermine the Nazis & assist the downed allied pilots. I enjoyed the book & wanted to keep reading to the end.
This book at first glance might appear to be somewhat too lightweight. Don't be lulled by first appearances. This is a remarkable tribute to those who suffered unspeakable horrors and deprivation in France during W.W. Two. It shows that the greatest weapon against the evils of this world is love.
I didn't know what to expect, but I'm reading about the Nazi occupation in Paris and surrounding towns and villages.  My maternal Grandfather and Grandmother, and their first-born child fled Czchechoslovakia (sp?) for same reason.  It's very touching and I've learned to keep the tissues close by.
I loved this book!  I didn't want it to end.  Now, what will I read next that will satisfy me like this historical fiction.  I like to read books written about life during the Holocaust.  Kristin did her research and then wrote an amazing, and unforgettable, story.  In time, I want to re-read it.
Fabulous Book!  One of the best books I have read in such a long time.  I couldn't put it down and it is chalked full of such deep emotion, action, love, heartbreak and courage, such incredible courage.  The impact of this story stays with you and I so highly recommend this page turning novel....
I'm still reading this book.  It looks like it may turn out to be one of those you don't want to end.  Suspense, adventure, and a look at the resistance during WWII.  The differences between sisters and troubled relationships between father and daughters.  Hopefully headed toward reconciliation.
This was picked for a book club or I would not have read it.  I have read so many WWII stories recently that I didn't want any more Nazi horrors.  But I did read it and I am glad I did.  A touching, suspenseful story and a different take, revealing a female point of view. I couldn't put it down.
Since I was recently in Paris, it was interesting to imagine the Paris scenes unfolding. Characters were interesting and surprises along the way made me want to not put my kindle down. It was one of those stories I wanted to read in my "special time", when I knew I wouldn't be disturbed.
The book is a beautiful tale of two sisters intricately woven with World War-II as the backdrop. The hardship of women during the war is depicted poignantly while keeping the readers interest alive throughout the book.<br/>Kristin Hannah  transports you to an era bygone in France. An entertaining book and must read for readers that enjoy war novels.
We just returned from a month in the UK ...read Nightingale while visiting.<br/>The feeling that the UK has not fully recovered from a war so long ago, made<br/>the reading so much more powerful. I was sad while reading, but still had to<br/>continue reading, because of the strong characters.
Great!  Kept pulling me back even while on a cruise with all my sisters!!  Even though you know it is fiction, you realize these things, and worse, were happening at this time in history all over the world.  Kristin Hannah is wonderful at character development and making the readers really care.
One of the best books I have read in sometime!  It held my interest, I liked the characters and the pace was fast.  I usually enjoy books about the French Resistance and this one did not disappoint.  Like "The Jack Daws", it shows that era from the perspective of the female participants.
Ms. Hannah did a wonderful job with this novel.  The characters were vivid.  The story was heartbreaking and inspiring.  This book moved me to tears on a few different occasions.  I think I cried the last 10 pages without pause.  To be so consumed by a book is a wonderful experience.  Thank you!
Absolutely one of the best books that I have read.  I really could not put it down and loved the beautiful sentences that the author used to help draw the reader into the story.  So many times I was right there.  Each charcacter was real, vivid with diologue that was rich with emotion and truth.
Wow! Wow! Wow! What a magnificently brilliant book! It's poignantly beautiful. I am so lucky that I was born in this era and that I am thankful for the heroism of those unsung heroines who fought as hard as our heroes just to have the freedom we're enjoying right now! You are awesome Ms. Hannah!
Beautiful story about living in France during the German occupation and how different people deal with the tragedy.  Loss of life and the realty of the horrors of the jewish tragedy is seen from the eyes of one family.  It is realistically told and sad and tragic yet good does overcome the evil.
Loved it!!! Definitely a difficult read at several parts, but that's to be expected when it's a story about World War II and the Holocaust. However, this story is one I would read again and again. It is just that brilliant and honest, with great writing and a great storyline with the characters.
Through the words of the author I was able feel the pain and suffering of the characters. Though it was a work of fiction cruelty of war was real. The inhumanity displayed by the treatment of other humans is incomprehensible. The Nightingale was one of the emotionally stirring books I have read.
Love Kristin Hannah's books and this is one of her best.  I never thought about the war from France's perspective and it was an amazing story.  The characters were so well done that I finished the book having a hard time believing they were not real and that the story was not true.  WELL DONE!!!
This book is amazing!  Do not get me wrong, it is not a light read - bad things happen and you will cry. However, I enjoyed the perspective of WWII from a female perspective. We all learned about the battles and what happened, but through these sisters, for the first time, I felt what happened.
This is one of the most moving stories I have ever read. It should be in the top stories every written. I felt I was sharing the the stories of many courageous and loving women. Be warned you will cry many times at what these women went through. Do yourself a favor and read this wonderful book.
I enjoyed reading this book because I had little knowledge of how badly the war affected those in France.  The characters were very believable and the story line was well told between the two sisters and their reactions to the war.  The plot was well woven and overall this is an enjoyable read.
The characters were authentic...and I loved each one as much as I was frustrated by each as the book unfolds. The story was heartbreaking and filled with inevitable choices for all the characters and provided insight into the fate of the French people during WW II. I am glad for the experience.
This has to be the best book I have ever read and I have read many books.  I could not put it down.  This book took my breath away.  I sobbed as I finished the book.  This will be a book I will never forget. I felt this book deep in my soul.  The characters were all so real to me.  Excellent!!!
Could not read this weak book.
Best book I've read in a long time.  We all know the outcome of WWII.  We've read about the death camps.  This story is about a family in occupied France.  How they fight to survive and the sacrifices they make for others.  How their lives change and how they find an inner strength to survive.
This is history from the perspective of those  that live it. This book is for those who enjoy a book that is as well written as the story it tells. However, this is not for the timid, the story does not avoid the very real pain of loss and hardship , nor avoid the bittersweet joy of true love.
This book takes a while to get moving, but once it does you will not be able to put it down. A wonderful, intricate tale of the incredible strength women have and what a human can survive. How heartbreaking to know that the premise is not fiction but one of the darkest times in recent history.
I never cried so much reading a book. I gave it 5 stars for putting in perspective what the times and life were like for France under Hilter's occupation, but there were two places in the book that confused me as to how they ended up where they were. A great book of discussion for a book club.
It's not often that I find book that holds my interest from start to finish and this book certainly did.  The characters are developed in such a way that you feel like you are part of their lives.  The descriptions of the places and people is so well executed.  Definitely recommend this book!!
Such a great book, hard to put down.  I have read many books written about different perspectives and experiences during WWII but never one written in the perspective of women living in France during the German occupation.  This book had me from beginning to end.  I highly recommend this book.
This was a very well crafted book.  I was never sure until the end which sister was telling us the story. Wonderful insight into the dynamics of families, the gray areas  in war, the atrocities of WWII and how each responded in her own way, the secrets we keep.  This was a very enjoyable read.
Although this book is fiction, it is based on the true history of what people of France endured to survive, a most cruel inhumanity ravaged upon them by the Nazi's, Germany, and even French collaborators. These stories need to be told for eternity. Evil must be stopped head on. No appeasement.
My daughter recommended this book as one of the best she had read. I agree, it is indeed an excellent story, very intense and emotional.  It was difficult to put down. But when I was finished I was not only very sad about the story, but also sad to leave the characters I cared about very much.
Beautifully written and compelling book.  I have been reading a lot of history/non-fiction about WWII, The Third Reich, France and Germany and this novel fell right into place and added a wonderful distraction to my historical reading while still keeping my interest in my latest reading genre.
I came across this book by accident, but I liked both the premise and the period (WWII was the first history to intrigue me, and although I've discovered dozens of other fascinating periods since, there's nothing like your first love), although I'll confess to a lack of familiarity with the author. Apparently she's quite popular for her fiction, although the other few books I've looked up seem to be more contemporary chick-fic, which would explain why I hadn't read them. This one is set in German-occupied France, although in some misplaced bow to modern political sensibilities, the author insists on referring to the Germans as "Nazis" about twice as often as "Germans."<br/><br/>The good: Ms. Hannah is a fine writer. Her prose alternates between lyrical and sweet, and hard-hitting action. She does a good job with both. I especially liked her chaotic description of the roundup of Jews in various towns and cities. She brought home the anguish of the victims as well as the confusion of the bystanders.<br/><br/>Her characters are pleasing: the two sisters who are the book's protagonists (as well as the modern-day narrator, one of the two sisters, but much older, and seeming almost like a different character entirely. You don't find out which sister it is until the end, although there are both valid clues and red herrings thrown in to keep you guessing) are vividly drawn, and you can easily understand their motivations and what drives them. Their father is harder to get to know, but then the daughters didn't get to know him that well either, so it works. Isabelle, the more "in-your-face" of the two girls, starts off overpowering--I wanted to slap her a few times early on, just because she was more annoying than the "impulsive and spirited" girl you're supposed to believe she is. But she gets better. Vianne, the older, "responsible" sister starts off ordinary but comes out of the coccoon beautifully as the book progresses. Both the sisters end up working with the French Resistance in different ways. One of them is code-named "the NIghtingale"--hence the book's title.<br/><br/>Minor characters--Isabelle's lover Gaetan, Vianne's husband Antoine, Vianne's best friend Rachel, and the two German officers who billet in Vianne's house, are well-drawn. The first one, especially--although it's never explicitly stated, he's one of the Germans who isn't a Nazi, and who finds himself conflicted about the things he has to do in his role as an occupation officer.<br/><br/>Other readers have complained about anachronisms. There are a few. One of the sisters said "hassle" at one point, which threw me entirely out of the story; the OED states that the word didn't come into being until the mid-1940s and was almost exclusively a US expression, so why the heck a French girl was using it in 1940 is beyond me. Someone else griped about Isabelle's familiarity with driving. I don't have a problem with that. My mother grew up during WW2 and she could drive; so could her sister. That's not a big deal. The biggest problems for me, the things that keep me from giving the book all five stars, are these:<br/><br/>1. At some point Isabelle starts sounding like Errol Flynn on steroids. The whole "it's a rotten job, but someone's got to do it" business. (No, the quote is not used, but it's clearly implied.) Oh, I've crossed the Pyrenees 27 times, three times in the last month alone. Better get a cup of coffee before I cross them again. Okay, let's go.<br/><br/>2. It's hard to keep the chronology straight, especially where the children are concerned. Sophie and Sarah are best friends, and I believe the same age, but Sophie seems far older. And Ari is constantly described as "the baby" and he usually seems to be asleep. But when he leaves in 1945, he sounds far older than he should be.<br/><br/>3. The German hunt for the Nightingale intensifies to the point that when one of the sisters is picked up by the Gestapo, the girls' father decides to turn himself in, claiming to be the Nightingale. Now picture this: an old drunk smelling of brandy staggers in and says "I'm the Nightingale, the person who single-handedly set up an allied airmen escape route through all of France and ran it for two years." The Germans instantly believe him. They don't question the smell of booze, they don't even interrogate him. Let's get this straight--the real Gestapo would have spent days torturing him until they got the location of the escape route and every safe house, coffee house, and outhouse along the way. These guys just said, "Oh, okay, you're him. Well, I guess we need to shoot you now." If I'd had the book in paperback I probably would've thrown it across the room at that point, but fortunately, it was on Kindle, so I kept reading, and despite that hiccup I did enjoy the book.<br/><br/>There is a little violence, mostly implied but some is pretty graphic. There's also sexual content, but it's minor and toned-down. And hey, it's a war, there's bound to be some violence, right?<br/><br/>The ending feels a tad rushed, but if you go back and read it again it's pretty satisfying. So the good outweighs the bad.
This is a difficult book to dislike - I tried, unsuccessfully. Hannah’s writing is uneven; in places it reads like a Harlequin, in others like literature. Perhaps this was a difficult book to write; the author admits to something like that in her Acknowledgements section.<br/><br/>But the story:<br/><br/>Vianne and Isabelle Rossignol, two young and beautiful French women, are functionally abandoned by their father and Vianne’s husband during the onset of the German conquest of France during WWII. Soon their money runs out and the German occupiers become harder, more demanding. As the war wears on in the east, the two sisters take different paths to resistance. Vianne shelters Jewish children and Isabelle finds and hides Allied pilots who have been shot down and then guides them over the Pyrenees, where they can escape to safety.<br/><br/>Finally the war is over, Vianne pregnant from a German rapist, Isabelle sick and deranged from her time in a women’s concentration camp, and they find rebuilding their lives all but impossible. What Hannah has done here is to drop far below the normal scope of history, its facts and panorama, to the level at which humanity truly exists. At this level emotions govern; they bind together despite the tortuous divisions of war. They help to heal, where the larger society has no potency. This is the true level of reality, and Hannah has found it. While the book’s flaws, the writer’s inadequate skills, diminish the story somewhat, at book’s end, Hannah’s writing rises to the highest emotional levels of which such a book is capable. Her story of the near-invisible, un-thanked role of women during WWII is an admirable one, and it’s for this reason if no other that this book should be read.<br/><br/>  My rating 15 of 20 stars
Given the number of good reviews this book received,  disappointment was not what I had in mind when I told my Kindle to "Buy" the book. Yet, that was my experience;  I was disappointed and completely underwhelmed. Here's why,  Amazon calls this book, Historical Fiction, and by all accounts it is not, there are to many errors in this book to justify that description. Just to nit pick here a minute; there were two glaring errors not to far into the read that gave me pause. The first of which was a German officer giving one of the main characters "Antibiotics"; if the author had chosen to use the word, penicillin, the scene would have passed as believable, however,  the word, as well as the drug were nothing more than stars in some future scientist's eyes at the setting's time in history. The second error I took exception to was a scene set in the same main character's garden, here there was the description of a hummingbird sighting in her French garden. Impossible!  Hummingbirds do not inhabit the European Continent.<br/><br/>Little errors, maybe, but more than enough for me to proceed with caution. They were small, aside things, but if the research failed the small stuff, was the bigger story an accurate one?<br/><br/>I'd also like to point out something else that put me at odds with the book, it was the voice, the voice of every character sounded as if they'd rolled out of bed each morning magically speaking modern day English, using modern day sensibilities and sounding like occupants of a 2015 world. The voice and words, seemed to me, incongruent with the setting.<br/><br/>The ending was nicely done as the last part of the book was woven together well, however, the same things wrong from the beginning continued till the very last word.
I highly recommend The Nightingale!  It had me sneaking away from family obligations to keep reading!<br/>I always feel like I have to be "in the mood" to read books that are classified as "historical fiction"; but, The Nightingale takes a sad, softer look at World War II from a french family's vantage point.  Ok, maybe "softer" isn't the right word to use when talking about World War II.... but it's from a french woman's point of view, and doesn't focus only on concentration camps. It describes the daily struggles that many people experienced in occupied territories that included hunger, starvation, severe weather conditions, illness, death.<br/><br/>I noticed that some of the negative reviews said "That's not how it really was" or "They wouldn't have really said that".  Remember - this is historical FICTION!  There are plenty of fact-based concepts that I learned in this book.  I can tell that the author dug deep into the pain and suffering that these people went through.  Who cares if some of the descriptions of the actual city landscapes are a bit off?  I'm not using this book as a guide to touring France.<br/><br/>I loved the characters right from the start.  Isabelle for her insatiable curiosity and quest for justice, and Vianne for her unconditional love for her child(ren). My tears flowed during the author's descriptions of when children were killed, or when they lost a parent. It's so hard to imagine this being a reality for so many.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah has a way of writing that is so easy to follow that I don't realize how long I've been reading!  In this book, she threw in just enough romance that it kept me hoping for a happy ending between a few of the characters, and described a great deal of loss during a time when the world became unrecognizable.  Excellent book!
This story of the dysfunctional remnants of a once happy French family, two sisters and their distant father swept up in the German occupation before the scars of the first World War have barely begun to heal, is by turns as deeply affecting as you'd expect and surprisingly frustrating also. Just when you begin to see the characters develop depth, they become two-dimensional once again; especially some of the key bit players that could have turned this novel into an epic. That said, there is much to love and admire here - the author manages to convey the innocent complacency that many French citizens felt when the Vichy government formed after the surrender. They had no way of knowing that monstrous events would alter their nation forever...they were hopeful still. The Nightingale is a brilliant exploration of the dangerous span of time it took ordinary French citizens living in villages and towns outside of Paris to comprehend their terrible fate.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah focuses most of her attention on Vianne and Isabelle Rossignol, two sisters with a dysfunctional relationship who choose very different paths in life, one staid and happily pastoral, the other rebellious and reckless. The story follows each, and their various cohorts, through the savagery and mortal danger of occupied France, where each instance that brings the two together seems to throw them apart with increasing tragedy and violence; until their paths finally diverge for seemingly the last time.<br/><br/>This is a rather different perspective on historical events that have been explored by so many in fiction and in fact. It relies strongly on the feminine view of that time, and Hannah knows how to convey the period and the terrifying, bloody  shadow cast over an entire continent. I will be thinking about that, and wondering how or if I'd be fast enough, paranoid enough, and smart enough to survive under similarly horrific circumstances.
You know those books that you can’t put down, the ones that draw every emotion from you, until you feel wrung out? The books that when you finish, you can’t forget, and will carry with you from now on? That’s how I felt about this book. The funny thing is, if I had known exactly what I was going to be reading, even though Ms. Hannah is a favorite author, I probably would have said no. I am so happy that I really wasn’t aware.<br/><br/>France in 1939 is a country on the cusp of war with Nazi Germany. This is the story of two sisters, Viann, happily married with a child, and a husband that leaves for the war, the other, Isobel, younger, and much more impetuous, almost fearless. This is also the story of what happens to these sisters, when France falls to Germany,and is occupied by the Nazi’s.<br/><br/>Ms. Hannah tells the story by having an elderly woman think back to her past. It may have just been me, but I didn’t know for sure who the elderly woman was until close to the end. I found this way of writing the story to be amazing, because we (the reader) is transported back to WWII, and all the horrible realities of war. The author’s The Winter Garden, was similar in that the reader is transported to Russia during the same war, and I still haven’t forgotten any of that read. I have found Ms. Hannah’s body of work to be impeccable in her story telling ability, and in her writing characters that seem to leap off the page. Massive research into WWII had to have been done for both this, and The Winter Garden. I found myself googling The French Resistance and reading about women’s roles in fighting the Nazi’s-I was that pulled into the story.<br/><br/>The book shows all the hardships that the French people endured after being occupied. Viann as a vibrant, proud woman, is made to host a German officer in her own home. Her whole focus is on how to survive the war with her family intact. As the war progresses, we see just how much she has to sacrifice for that to happen. Isobel, joins the French resistance, and eventually becomes a heroine in the movement. That was the most exciting part of the book for me, however Viann has her share of excitement, as well as her time to shine.<br/><br/>This is the story of love, loss, war, and finally recognition. I have only barely touched on what the story is ultimately about. It was such a wonderful read, and I would like readers to have the same experience that I had. Like the part where I sat up until 5 am until I finished. Or how I gave up television one whole night, so I could read non-stop. That was something I rarely do.<br/><br/>I can’t recommend this book enough. It’s historical, but also included atrocities, so I would limit the age to 17 plus, at least. Just a personal side note-I think this would make for an outstanding mini series or movie.(PureTextuality.com)
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah is a very compelling novel set in France during World War II. This riveting story about Viann Mauriac and her much younger sister Isabelle Rosignol is richly detailed and historically accurate, which makes it a sometimes heartbreaking read. But this close attention to detail is what makes it such a thought-provoking and outstanding book.<br/><br/>Viann Mauriac is happily married with an eight year old daughter when her life takes an unexpected and heartrending turn. Her beloved husband, Antoine, has been conscripted into the Army to defend France from the Nazis. In the early days of the German invasion, her father sends Isabelle to live with Viann and the sisters’ contentious relationship is further strained when Viann is forced to allow German officer Wolfgang Beck to live with them. As fighting rages on around them, both sisters are faced with unimaginable horrors as they struggle to endure the Nazi occupation and the devastation wrought by the long lasting war.<br/><br/>Viann is content to stay in the background and let her husband take care of her and their daughter. After Antoine leaves, she desperately clings to hope the war will end quickly and he will return safely to his family. This makes Viann seem naive and her unrealistic belief leads her to remain very passive for far too long. However, when her family is threatened, Viann will do whatever it takes to protect them, no matter what the personal cost to herself. She meets every challenge with a quiet strength that few people suspect she has, but will Viann’s efforts be enough to keep her family safe despite the brutality that is occurring around her?<br/><br/>Isabelle is rebellious, immature and dangerously outspoken at first.  Her anger and rage is quickly channeled into working for the resistance but she remains headstrong and fearless for much of the novel. Her tireless efforts save countless lives, but Isabelle’s risky and sometimes impulsive behavior puts herself and others into sometimes dangerous situations. Isabelle grows and matures over the course of the novel and she becomes a truly awe-inspiring young woman whose bravery and willingness to disregard her personal safety for the greater good is remarkable.<br/><br/>The Nightingale spans from 1939-1945 and Kristin Hannah accurately portrays every element of war torn France. From the first occupation through the war’s end, every hardship is realistically portrayed. The horrors of war are not romanticized nor downplayed, and this authentic depiction provides readers with a true to life perspective of what is indisputably a horrific time in the world’s history. This incredible novel serves as a vivid and poignant reminder of the horrendous loss of life, the terrible hardships and the unsung heroes of that long ago and nearly forgotten war.<br/><br/>I received a complimentary copy for review.
In The Nightingale, Kristin Hannah has written a powerful book mostly about women who worked behind the scenes of war in France and made a difference.<br/><br/>"If I have learned anything in this long life of mine, it is this: In love we find out who we want to be; in war we find out who we are".  Two women certainly find out who they are as this story progresses through the invasion of France by the Germans.  One stays at home, one travels the country as part of a very daring and courageous Resistance team.  Both face tremendous hardship.<br/><br/>Isabelle and Vianne have a remote relationship with their father, damaged by his participation in the First World War.  Vianne has married and has a daughter Sophie.  Isabelle who is outspoken and impulsive is sent from one school to another as she upsets the established regime.  When war breaks out Vianne sees her husband Antoine go off to war and Isabelle has decided she is finished with school and wants to help out - and to make a difference.  Both sisters clash at times, yet at the root is deep love.<br/><br/>At the opening of the book we meet an unnamed woman, is she Isabelle or Vianne? That question is not answered to the very end.  She is old and gathering things up as she is taken to a care facility by her son - a doctor.  As she goes she picks up a little identify card that says Juliette Gervaise.  She also has a special invitation to Paris for a celebration of the partisans of the Resistance.  As those questions are answered at the end, it is a very moving ending.  I sobbed through this part of book with the heartache of loss of these people and the courage shown by so many of them.  Some from that time are  alive, some have died.<br/><br/>The portrayal of both the experience at home of Vianne and of Isabelle and their father as they experience the invasion of their country is well written.  As a reader I was caught up into their lives. So much of it was horrific, yet what amazes me is that from all this the people who were so brutally treated speak of love. One character says "But love has to be stronger than hate, or there is no future for us". As I listen to survivors of the Holocaust in recent days I hear them say similar words.<br/><br/>This book is a beautiful tribute to those brave, amazing people, women especially, who contributed to the gaining of freedom for their country and people during World War 11 in France. It is not easy reading, yet it is important reading. Kristin Hannah - thank you.
Narration Review:<br/><br/>14 CD's<br/>17.5 Hours Audio<br/><br/>I both read and listened to the narration of The Nightingale.  I'm glad I read it first.  I loved the book and my review of the content is below.  I was somewhat put off by the narration, especially trying to imitate a french accent.  I especially disliked the whiny voice of the child Sophie, it just sounded so fake.  Having both read and listened to the book I based my star rating on the book itself.  It's definitely a five star book.<br/><br/>Book Review<br/><br/>"In love we find out who we want to be.In war we find out who we are."-This sentence is what attracted me to this book and from the very first page forward I was hooked.  I read as a hobby and love historical fiction based on true stories and characters or just fiction with a hint of truth.  I am also a big historical fiction fan.  This book is everything that I love and so much more.  I lived to come home in the evening to pick this book up again and would have to make myself put it down to get some sleep.<br/><br/>Set in France at the start of World War II, The Nightingale, is an extraordinary family saga that spans the life of two sisters, Viann & Isabelle, before, during and after the War.  Viann is a conformist who just wants the war to be over and her husband to come home.  Isabelle wants to join the fight but women aren't allowed in battle.  She joins a renegade band of individuals that created a network of safe-houses and trails to lead downed airmen to safety.  Both women become very important figures and by the end of the War find out just what they are capable of.<br/><br/>History tells us much about the War itself but the part Women played was either downplayed or left out altogether.  The Author spares no details in The Nightingale.  The good, the bad and the ugly come to life between the covers of this book.  The details are what makes this story so outstanding.  Hannah chronicles the day to day hunger, deprivation, food rationing, fear, death, sickness and the cruelty inflicted by the German Soldiers. It's all within the pages and so realistic.  There are no dull moments.<br/>When the last page was read I struggled with a way to describe how I felt about this book.  Breathtaking kept coming to mind.  I looked up one of the many definitions of breathtaking and found that it perfectly described how I felt about this book.<br/>"Breathtaking defined: astonishing or awe-inspiring in quality, so as to take one's breath away<br/>Synonyms:  spectacular, magnificent, wonderful, awe-inspiring, astounding, astonishing, amazing, stunning, incredible,  The Nightingale is all of the above.<br/><br/>I'm not familiar with many of the books written by Kristin Hannah but I venture to guess this just might be her best work yet.  It's certainly my all time favourite book this year.
I really enjoyed this one. Once I started it I couldn't lay it down. This author certainly has a wonderful way with words. The only problem is that I didn't want to have it end. I have most of her books on my IPad so that I can read and re-read them. A great book can't be read too many times.
This is a page turner.  Couldn't put it down once I started to read it.  Make sure you have the time before starting to read this book.  The characters are so real to life, you are actual living their story with them.  First time I read one of this author's books, I will definitely read more.
Another amazing story by Kristin Hannah.  It's an epic tale of sisters who endure through horrible times and come out stronger and closer than ever.  I'm always amazed by Hannah's writing and her ability to paint the scenery so clearly that you feel you're watching a movie not reading a book.
Oh to have the heart of a Lion! I aspire to be like these two women. Even though these sisters were fictional I am sure in real life there were many brave, compassionate women like them! I think this is one of Kristin Hannah's best works and she has tons! These one had me in tears many times!
This book captivates you and makes it hard to put down. The way she writes and the story she tells touches your heart and you become one with the characters. I couldn't say one bad thing about the book and has to be hands down my favorite book I have ever read. I plan to reread it many times.
I read this book while in Paris and the south of France.  A carefully written novel that made me appreciate the terrible trials and incredible courage of the French people who lived through and fought against the horrors of the Nazi occupation of France during World War II.  A wonderful read!
This was a wonderful book about two special women who were examples of what one can do when faced with unbearable odds. They took care of things because they knew that they had to protect!<br/><br/>I loved this book and can't wait to tell my friends about it. My book club really enjoyed it!
What a wonderful, but very sad story.  You always hear what the men do to help during the Holocaust, but we never really know what the women go through....Women really do carry heavy burdens.  Read the book, you will not be disappointed until it ends, because you will want it to continue.....
This books takes you through so many emotions before the war the hurt a family feels of the loss of a mother and how the father  creates estrangement between him and his daughters then through war and the day to day living and the sacrifices they all do to help others I really liked this book
I learned a lot from this book.  I did not realize what France went throught during WWII.  Their leaders surrendered, probably because of t heir experiences in WWI.  Their people did not all surrender.<br/><br/>We read this book as one of our Book Club selections.  Almost everyone loved it.
I have read several books on this subject, but none from the point of view of the French women who lived through it all. The story is truly moving. It's one of the best books I've ever read... some of the subject matter is heart wrenching but it is also filled with hope, love and forgiveness.
A very engaging read.  Switching the narrative from character to character and from the 40's to current day added interest and perspective. Descriptions of the treatment in the camps was disturbing and served as a reminder of what occurred. The end of the book was worthy of a box of Kleenex.
Wonderful story and extremely well-written historical fiction. This fills in a lot of detail of the hardships of the French and Jewish  people during WW II. It exceeded my expectations after hearing so much about it.  The research was meticulous and you actually felt like you lived it , too.
It is a sad but inspirational story.  Humans have not learned from the mistakes of the past.  The book brings to life what is going on in the middle east today and how people in the middle of war and horrible conditions, manage to survive. No one should have to endure such violent treatment.
This story was so moving . I found myself never wanting to put the book down. This is a story of what people and families had to do to survive and save other. The love of the human spirit. We should always remember the words of never again!  Let these woods ring through in our hearts forever
Loved this book.  The story of the love between two sisters was so well written.  I cried several times throughout the story.  The awful acts they both encountered, were difficult to read about, but so it goes with war stories.  One of my favorites now.  Kristin Hannah is a wonderful writer.
This story grabbed me from the beginning and never let go nor did it disappoint me with it's ending. Well written, easy flow of words and an excellent reminder of happenings during WWII in light of happenings in the world today. There will be cruelty but there will also be goodness and love.
The experience of reading this book was different for me--I felt I was present and observing each woman's experiences. Also unusual for me was that I had no trouble moving between the characters, and I was experiencing them as quite distinctly individuals. A moving and exciting event for me!
The Nightingale starts a little slowly, but keep with it because the last two thirds of the book is worth your time.  I even learned some things about WW2 that I'd never known, and I thought I'd read plenty about that time in history.  Great little twist towards the end makes it even better.
I loved this book. The sisterly relationship is conflicted and spot on. Other than the subject of the story (the persecution of Jewish people and others during WWII) another event in the story really made me angry. Once I was finished with the book, I couldn't get the sisters out of my mind.
This is the first Novel I have read by Kristen Hannah and I was completely enthralled. It had my stomach in knots in a good way. I couldn't put this book down for  a minute. I was crying,I was yelling I was feeling all the emotions each character was feeling. Thank you for such a great read!
This is the best book I've read in a long time. It is well written, fast paced, full of adventure, tragedy, love, commitment, patriotism, sadness, sorrow, endurance and survival. You will not be able to put it down and through tears, you finally will. Read it and tell others to read it too.
The Nightingale was a suspenseful and moving story of love, bravery, and hope set in Nazi-controlled France. The character development and setting were well-drawn an painted a moving picture of what life was like for ordinary French families living in Vichy France and under Nazi occupation.
If you like WWII  novels, this is one of the best. Really brought the reader into the plight of the Jewish people during the war and the how<br/>the French Resistance operated. Shows how the war bought out the best and the worst in humans caught up in the conflict they did<br/>not create.
I could not put this book down. I read it over a weekend. Kristin, you had me at the beginning...."in love we find out who we want to be. In war we find out who we are." This was a tear jerker. Very well written. My book club will be discussing it soon. I am glad we picked this one.
I've read all of Kristin Hannah's books and they are usually all fantastic but this one was incredible. You will love the characters and won't be able to put it down. It's heartbreaking and horrific recount of the women and children during the war will make you think and feel. Just amazing.
This book is incredible and I didn't want to put it down.  I usually don't read period piece novels, but this want took you on a journey and didn't let you.  You felt as if you were in Paris during the war and looking in on the sisters and how their lives were so different but some similar.
Even though I am tired of reading about WWII, I gave it a try and was not disappointed.  I read it in 2 days as I could not put it down.<br/>It showed the women's participation in France during WWII.  I loved the characters - and did not want it to end.  For a change, it had a good ending.
I loved this book.  The WWII subject matter is always deeply moving, troubling - but redeeming.  These women exemplify the spirit of courage - and these stories portray women in an affirmative, strong light.  The plot is well developed, but more important to me is the character development.
This is a wonderful, well written, chronicle of the lives of two sisters in France during WWII .  Although it is a fictional piece, it is unfortunately too close to the devastating reality of those times.  The courage of these two very different sisters is truly amazing.  I loved this book!
I couldn't put this book down ... it was that good!  You can read all the other reviews to get a good idea of what the book is about since I don't write long reviews.  All I can say is that this book is a winner and despite the sadness and hardships, the ending makes up for everything else.
This is a story to remind us of the horrible bad and the precious good that teaches us how to survive and help the less fortunate souls to survive.  Importantly, it keeps the memory of the holocaust alive to try to show us that such a tragedy should never be allowed to happen again.<br/>.
This is a well told story which should be in every teachers syllabus for their students. A fictional book which is an accurate portrayal. We should never forget the holocaust and the fact that France's participation was something just recently acknowledged, this should be read by everyone.
I absolutely loved this book.  I read it in two days.  To get the female civilian perspective is such an interesting thing in a time of war. Following the sisters different journeys and how they coped with the German occupation was so captivating.  The author did a great job with this one.
A lot of suffering (and sometimes tedious) although some beautiful writing.  Although I had not heretofore considered the "women's war" aspect, the book brought that out vividly with incredibly strong female characters facing and making impossible choices and included some harrowing experiences with the French Résistance.  Well written.  Engaging.
If you are into WWII stories, this is one of the better ones!  It never gets  boring; very hard to put down.  It's well written, and the story is not soon forgotten.  It will keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.  I would recommend this book highly - and I am a librarian!
Great novel about World War II in France.  The citizens were forced to house soldiers and to feed them when there was very little food to be had for the French.  The underground revolutionary group was thrilling to read about.  This was a great read for those interested in stories of WWII.
Hands down one of the best books I've ever read. This was one of those books where you feel like you're in the story experiencing it. Parts were very heartbreaking and the really sad thing is knowing that real life during this time was probably a lot worse even than it sounds in the story.
Just a great read. I couldn't wait to get to the next chapter. I left a dinner party early to get back to this exciting, thrilling book. Once again the horror of war is made personal, but this time through a woman's eyes. And of course love of every kind is explored and felt by the reader.
I felt like I was there!  This book was painful to read, but was one I couldn't put down.  I know this is fiction, but the knowledge that people actually went through this and survived is mind boggling.  It's a wonderful salute to human courage even in people who are flawed like all of us.
Let me join the ranks in giving this book 5 stars. I usually read non-fiction, but this book was researched so well and the characters are so vivid, it all could be real.  The suspense builds in this heartrending, exceptionally well written story.  It is a "can't put it down" book.
This story grabbed me from the beginning.  A story of two sisters who witnessed and experienced the horrific actions that occurred during World War II.  Their stories were filled with happiness, sadness, and actions they would have never dreamed of doing or experienced.  A tremendous book.
Deeply engaging - More than a Father/Daughter story told against the very real German occupation of France, the extraordinary commitment and understanding of a Father to his blind daughter as they begin to experience Jewish horrors in the gradual Nazi overtaking of Germany and then France.
Kristin Hannah tells a compelling story with believable characters that pulls you like a freight train from start to finish. The novel is well-written and historically accurate. Her characters often make choices that make the reader cry out, "Don't go there!" but we follow, anyway.
This book has it all:  conflict, tragedity, survival, and the redeeming power of love!  All of this infused with bits of history makes this novel the total package!!  It helps that all of the characters are well developed.  Kristin Hannah's best novel yet!!!  Best book I've read all year!!
I loved this book  I have read many of M s Hannah's books. I truly feel this was the best ever!  Deep complicated characters find themselves in desperate situations in WW II. Tale of 2 sisters, one who fights to save France and the other to just survive. In the end only love can heal them.
This was a book that I savored like a fine wine. The characters were very real. So much so, that the problems in my life seemed so trivial in comparison to what people lived through during world war ll. It is an era that should never be forgotten. Thank You Kristin for a well written book!
A great book I couldn't put down. A beautifully tragic account of WWII and the French Holocaust. A captivating story with new insights into the happenings during the German Occupation of France. It is a quick/long read that will consume you for 440 pages, but you will be sad when it over.
This book was amazing!  When I saw that over 10,000 people rated it so highly, I knew I had to read it.  Sure, I've heard about WWII my whole life, read history books, etc.  However, through the use of nf characters, Hannah really helped this hit home.  This is a book I will never forget.
A very well written story of the struggle for survival of the French while under control of the Germans during World War II.  The bravery of two sisters, both in different ways, but one as important as the other, in their efforts to aid the war efforts and the children of the French Jews.
One of the best books I have read about life for women and children during WW2, in France. Terrifying !! It makes one think and say, "Thank you God and all the Allies,  that the Nazis and Hitler never made it to our land, and we won that awful war".  I couldn't put my Kindle down.
This is a period piece.  The Natzi took over Europe, killing torturing, and forever changing the lives of countless millions.  The numbers of people touched by this atrocity never ceases to  give me chills.  This is a poignant story told vividly through the eyes of two sisters.  Loved it!
This is a beautifully written novel that draws you in from the very first page.  When I wasn't reading, I was thinking about it and anxious to get back to it.  The novel was fast moving and very hard to put down.  If you love stories of strong, courageous women, you won't be disappointed!
A well written adventure and love story set in the middle of Second World War France where the German army had taken over.  There were enough twists in the plot and several highly developed characters to keep me interested all the way through. Am now reading another book by Kristin Hannah
This is a must read!  Romance, family conflict, heroism set in France during the german occupation of WWII.  I laughed and cried! The characters are rich and evolving throughout the novel. I've told all my female friends and relatives to read this book. The ending had an unexpected twist.
I seem to have forgotten all of the history I learned in high school and college. Therefore I thoroughly enjoy historical fiction. They book provides a sense of what it was like in France during WWII. The two sisters made it come to life. Even brought tears several times. Highly recommend
This is a well written story you want to keep reading to find out what happens next. It is about families and what an impact the Germans had on their lives when they were taking over France in World War 2. It especially relates to some women and their role in helping others and surviving.
This was one of the best books I've read!  It is somewhat like Unbroken, but I enjoyed it more.  The story was of sisters and their struggle, love, loss, pain, and triumph.  It amazingly made you feel what people endured during that time...I hope they make a movie, would love to see that!
This book is really, really good!  One of the best and hardest books for me to read.  What the two sisters and their loved ones went through during the war is heart breaking, but they were strong women and I grew to love them as the story went on... This book has had a major impact on me.
This book is amazing. I have no words. Kristin Hannah has done it again. I love WWII stories, and this one tops my list. The pain and suffering people had to endure is incredible. How people (Germans) could have been so cruel I will never know. I encourage everyone to read this book, NOW!
The Nightingale was an amazing, troubling story of extreme bravery.  Kristin Hannah brought the characters and the terrible times of World War II in France to life,  This story portrayed the brutality of war and the courage it took to just make it through a day.  Definitely worth reading!
Kristin Hannah has taken her writing to a whole new level with The Nightingale!  The characters came to life on the pages, along with the historical background of World War II.  I would stop reading it so that I didn't finish it too fast because I didn't want it to end!!!  Her best yet!!!
exceptional - hard to put down - thoroughly enjoyable reading -great writer - loved suspense of not knowing which sister was narrator. Taught me a lot about war and its true effects on women.  I became such a part of their world that the recent horrors in Paris became my hurt too.<br/>.
The novel tells how living in occupied or Vichy France during World War II impacts two sisters, one of whom becomes the Resistance figure known as the Nightingale.  I actually found the story of the other sister more compelling, but both of the entwined narratives kept my rapt attention.
One of the best books I ever read.  It was nice to learn about the war through a different perspective.  The author never lost the reader, and her subject matter was well researched.  A tremendous read.  Highly highly recommended to all who interested in World War II and the Nazi regime.
An incredibly rich story that makes you feel as if you are there with these characters as they live through the war.  Thought provoking and an important read for better understanding women who endured and sacrificed so much.  You will fall in love with these sisters and be moved by them.
Beautifully written. A story that must be told and always remembered from that tragic period in history. Even in the most difficult darkest times, there are stories of heroism and love that shine through. I cried for the history, felt encouraged from her (the authors) words. A must read.
This book was extremely well written with a well developed plot.  My interest did not wane throughout the book.  The depth of the characters was remarkable.  Thought provoking and inspiring.  The characters became members of my family.  I will miss them now that I have finished the book.
Great plot. Excellent WW II historical fiction. Two  French sisters. One helps the French resistance after the country is conquered by Germany. The other remains at home, but helps her fellow citizens in many ways at great personal risk. A hard book to put down once you start reading it.
What a wonderful read! It is a great story with unforgettable characters. My book clubs had been reading a bit too many books centered on WWII. I was not looking for another but I am so glad we chose this .My book club voted it a 6 on a 1-5 scale! I don't think that ever happened before!
I am the daughter of Holocaust survivors. I am Hungarian. I too have an amazing story of bravery and amazing fortitude. When my mother passed away, I wrote her obituary, with as much detail as possible. Jumping off moving trains, on the way to labor camp. Many, many extraordinary people.
This was one of those rare books that I didn't want to finish. I actually rationed my reading toward the end so it would last longer. World War II in France is brought to life in all its terror and violence, love and courage, through the experiences of two sisters. I highly recommend it.
Wow!  Historical fiction at its best!<br/>I couldn't  stop reading and finished in a day & a half.<br/>I have read many books on the Halocaust but this one tells of the average French non- Jew who suffered during WWII  I just finished reading and my eyes are red. Such a touching story.
One of my favorite novels of all time!!  I both read and listened to it with the immersion read.  I didn't want to put it down and will never forget this book!  Kristin Hannah outdid herself with this World War II novel of 2 sisters in wartime France. It drew me in from beginning to end!
Definitely a must read if you're into historical fiction. I was sucked into this book from the beginning and found myself starting to cry throughout the book (the last half) because that's how deep into the book I was. I would recommend this book, it is captivating and very well written!
A beautiful story.  The content is WWII, so their are tragic spots (can't change history) But the story told around the War is excellent.  I loved the characters and it made me cry in parts.  I didn't want it to end.  The ending was fantastic!!! Learned a lot about the French Resistance.
It is a brilliant novel.  I grew up in enemy-occupied country, so it brought back a lot of memories. And I am surprised that a person who did not herself live through this war period can so vividly describe what people went through during World War 2. The author has done a brilliant job.
The story was so personal and poetic.  It gave me so much insight into the horrific impact WWII had on France and the bravery of so many French people.  I tried to imagine what it would be like if our country was invaded and pray it never is.  The ending made me weep; it was so touching.
Unforgettable!  This took a little longer to get into than most of her books but once I did, I was unable to put it down.  She always writes deep books that stay with you.  This was no different.  Wonderful character development and as usual you care so much about the people in her book.
I loved it! Kristen Hannah is a local author here on little old Bainbridge Island WA.  I have not met her in person but she does give "book talks" at our local book store. This is the first book of hers that I have read but I know she has written more. I will have to investigate.
I thought 'Firefly Lane' was my favorite KH novel, but after reading 'The Nightingale', I have a new 'most favorite'.  Her writing style pulls you into the storyline from the beginning. It is an emotional book that I couldn't put down and brought tears in the end. Don't pass this one up!
This is one of the best reads I have experienced in a long time.  I could hardly put it down.  Anyone who has heard of the Hitler era atrocities will be interested in this book.  Usually you don't hear the misfortunes endured by the French people.  These two brave women were very strong.
This story is told based on reality, yet, how do we rationalize the unreality of these real events? Disturbing, yet heart warming, the relationships in this beautiful story are expressed and experienced with great depth. Thank you Kristin. This book is a gift to all who dare to read it.
Heart wrenching read of German Occupation of France in WWII and the heroic yet highly dangerous measures some took to fight for their country.  Romance, Heartbreak, and Terror is interwoven in this beautiful story that follows two sisters and the separate paths they take.  A great read!
This book was a great read. I picked it for a Book Review in January 2016. The book gave the reader a different perspective of the war and how it affected the people in the suburb of Paris. So far everyone who has read it found it intriguing. The narrator's identity ias kept til the end
Kristen takes me to a world unknown but for history books.  We live in her stories, and learn of hope, hardship, and the endurance of love.  I've read every one of her books and wait impatiently to hear more from her.  Winter Garden was the first to blow my socks off!  Thank you Kristen
I gave this book to my mom for her birthday.  She loves reading about the French Resistance.  Not only did it satisfy her interest in that period of history, but she could not stop raving about the story and the author's writing.  I am looking forward to my chance to read it for myself.
This was the first book I ever read by this author, and it truly was a great period book to read.  It must have been based on the atrocities of WWII, but I didn't see any mention of specific people that it was based on.  If you enjoy historical fiction, you will enjoy reading this book.
I enjoyed this book very much and rate it up there with Sarah's Key.  I consider it to be historical fiction as it takes place during WW2 in France.  Description of events were fantastic - I could envision the places as well as the characters.  I have suggested it to many of my friends.
Wow! What a well-written descriptive book about 2 sisters who survived much of the ugliness of WWII in France. The book was, at first,a little slow, but the pace picked upped. I enjoyed the descriptions & detail. Good building of emotions in the development of the characters. Well done.
I seriously could not put this novel down!  The characters were so real. I felt like I was a character in the story watching all tragic events taking place; moreover, long after I completed the story, my mind would drift back to the haunting scenes.  It clearly is is a worth while read.
The Nightingale brings to life a story that must never be forgotten. World War II brought out the worst and the best of human nature into full light. This book tells the story at a breathtaking pace. Any lover of history or the human story will find this book riveting and unforgettable.
This is a must read book about 2 sisters during WW II in France. Each sister narrates their own experiences.<br/>I could not put it down!<br/>Ms. Hannah's writing is outstanding.  I had no trouble getting into the book, and it held my attention throughout it.  I was sad to finish it!!
One of the best books I've read in a long time. The relationships and the history of Europe during WW11 were moving. Made me think of my own Dad as a young American GI living with a family in Belguim during those years. Wish I had paid more attention to his stories and appreciated them.
It's not an easy read, framed as it is by the horrors of the time.  But I believe it's an essential read, so that we know and never forget what life was like in France during WW II.  The various people were presented in realistic and complex detail.  I definitely recommend reading this!
I am caught up reading about World War ll but found I could not put this book down.  I found a connection with the characters and the day to day life of living in the middle of a war zone. The book recognizes the strength and courage of the everyday people enduring the hardships of war.
I really loved this book. I have read tons of books about World War 2. I was worried that the book would be all hurried up at the end but it did not. I could feel the pain and the joy's. I took my time reading it. I could picture the tree in the yard with the scraps of memories hanging.
It never fails to surprise and shock me; ww2 and the troubles in Europe. This takes place in France and it was sad to ,earn some of the facts that the story covers. Having to stop and Google some of the information, it made me suffer even more and relate more deeply with the characters.
This was one of the most thought-provoking books I have ever read.  The characters were 3-dimensional and I expect they will stay with me forever.  While disturbing and often difficult to read, its depiction of the reality in France during World War II seemed realistic and enlightening.
Shamefully, as an American I had not thought much about either. Issabel, Gaeten, Vianne feel alive in this work of fiction. Having read quite a lot about the D-Day and the war thereafter, it was humbling to read such a great account of the French and their struggle. Well worth the read.
The characters were very well developed complete with both heroic moments and human flaws.  I loved the setting and learning what it was like in France during German occupation.  It was a tale both heartbreaking and uplifting.  Would recommend it to anyone who enjoys historical fiction.
It was very hard to put down.  The two main characters were very well developed.  As sisters, their differences really stood out.  It was an excellent story of two resistance movements in France during the war.  I particularly enjoy historical novels and this was one of the better ones.
Wow! Easily one of the best novels I've ever read. The detail of hardship in France during German occupation in WWII come to life as if you are actually living it yourself. The gut wrenching ending is both emotionally exhausting and heartwarming in its brilliance. An absolute must-read.
It's hard to imagine what women and children suffered during WWII and reading this book was so heart soaring. I could not put it down and I normally do not read books about the war but Hannah is amazing story teller. This book I will read again, it has taken something especial with me.
This was a great read.  I could not put it down.  It really painted a graphic  picture of how WW2 & Hitler invaded France and how the French people<br/>fought back in the only way they could--create an underground.  There were some truly courageous French women who helped save France.
I loved every word of this book! I felt as if I was a private observer of every moment of the lives of these unforgettable characters. It gave me a stronger respect for what the people of Europe experienced at the harsh and cruel hands of the Nazis. Let us NEVER forget.... Never again!
I found the story bittersweet. Having visited Paris this past October I could visualize the city and it's people under occupation by another country during WW II. I could not put the book down as the story and characters were so compelling. Kristen Hannah is one of my favorite authors.
This book shines for sharing how women lived and helped in wartime. Slower start, gathering interest and capturing your emotions, particularly near the end. Nicely written, rich story for those interested in history, WW2 In France. Much respect to those who died and those who survived.
Without a doubt this is my favorite Kristin Hannah book. There are some books that I am willing to burn the proverbial midnight oil to read. This is one of those books. The characters take on a life of their own to the point where I wondered what I would do in those same circumstances.
One of the best books I have ever read! I got so involved with the characters that Kristin Hannah created that I could not put this book down. The tragedy and heartbreak of war from a woman's perspective show the toll on families struggling to survive in the midst of a world gone mad.
This is a beautifully written book that will hold your attention and your emotions from beginning to end.  The character development is excellent and you will feel immersed in the paths they follow during WWII in France.  Be aware that you will need many tissues by the end of the book.
Hannah brings to life the French Resistance during WWII as she portrays love, betrayal, and forgiveness with the backdrop of the war. A familiar theme, love defines humanity is shown in a cinematic fashion. love of country, humanity, family, soul mate, and self are all portrayed here.
Another unbelievable look at WWII.  The bravery, courage and love at every level in this story is staggering.  The depth of character and plot are masterful.....I could go on forever but would rather you enjoy this beautiful tale of love, courage and life beyond.....Spectacular!!!!!!!
This was a very good story that brought the whole perspective of the Nazi occupation in France to the forefront and even taught me some history that I didn't know.  I even think it might be a good book to put on the summer reading list for High School Seniors.  I very much enjoyed it.
Loved the book. World War ll was so hard for so many people!  This story was about a French family and friends and how they persevered through the worst of times.  So many sad times endured by these people, but they endure and fight to survive.  Very good read. I couldn't put it down!
This was such an excellent book. It was well-written and insightful into a historical time. The characters were well developed and brought you deep into their world.  I was so moved at the end of the book. This is the sort of book that stays with you long after you are done reading...
As always, the book is well researched and well written.  The story line provides an education into a time before ours and personalized the trials of those living in such a horrendous time in history.  Kristen Hannah is one of the few authors that I really anticipate her next release.
I  loved this book- it told the story of 2 sisters, that thought they where so different from one another,but  found they where both so brave in their own ways.  I'ts told from one of the sisters as she remember her life back in Paris<br/><br/>just read it, you won't be disappointed
Gripping, realistic story of a true heroine who NEVER tooted her own horn. I really believe that this is what it must have been like in Nazioccupied Europe for those with a social conscience. Fantastic and definitely a page-turner (alas, these are so few and far between these days!).
Absolutely outstanding novel.  Ms Hannah is able to describe the horror of the Nazi occupation of France while describing the hope and resiliency of the human spirit.  The character development and setting descriptions have  readers believing that they are taking a part in the story.
A gripping tale of two French sisters very different from each other, protecting hearth, home & venturing into frightening trips over the mountains to help stranded allied pilots during WW II.  Well written and thought-provoking, this book will live in your memory for months to come.
I really loved this book and couldn't leave the story without regret.  Hardly able to wait until I could pick it up again.  I loved the suspense of not knowing which one of the sisters would be the one going to the reunion.  I would love to read another one of Kristin Hannah's books.
Such a horrible time in history - but since I'm old enough to have lived during those times, it is compelling to read about the brave people who actually experienced it. this book is well written. It was hard to put it down. My husband is reading it now and having the same reactions.
Very emotional view of how the women suffered to keep their families alive in very drastic horrible situations.  This book made me cry and cheer for the sisters.  We should never forget the crimes the Germans committed on humanity.  Could't stop reading this beautifully written book.
I have always enjoyed Kristin Hannah's books, but this is completely different than others I have read by this author.  I was really on the edge of my seat throughout the book.  I gained a lot of knowledge about a period of time and a place that I knew very little about.  Great book!
This tale of two sisters who survived the atrocities of war, who loved & lost, and were each heroine in her own right is told beautifully. It brings to light the sacrifices a great generation made to ensure our freedom! Ms Hannah has woven a story that is compelling to the last word!
Powerful, beautiful, hauntingly sad.  I cried for days ~  Almost to much at times.  But I know these horrors happened and that people found it some how to live again, to love and move forward.  Kristin Hannah is an exceptional story teller/writer.  I wait anxiously for her next book.
The WW2 invasion and  atrocities have always scared me away from books written about it.  The nightingale is full of the emotions and the perspective of the characters that it draws you gentlely into the real world  of what was happening during that period.  Thank you Kristin Hannah.
This is a wonderful book. I know it is fiction but was a reality for many who suffered under the Nazi's.<br/>The courageous people who endured so much.  One wonders how the human body could endure the starvation,<br/>Freezing cold, vicious beating, loss of family and still survive.
This book was well written, the characters were well developed and you had a good sense of what they were feeling and dealing with<br/>during this time I have read a lot of books about this time and this was top notch! I read it in 1 day and would highly recommend it to<br/>anyone.
Loved this book. Couldn't put it down
one of the best books I've ever read!
This is an excellent book.  It gives you a lot of insight into how France survived the Nazi invasion and what they had to do just to provide food and shelter for themselves and their families.  It is a testament of the chances people were willing to take to assist others to freedom.
Although I hesitated reading yet another book about WWII, I decided to read this one because it was the next book club book. I loved it!  It was so much more than what I thought.  While I still enjoyed the history, I loved the strength of the main characters and their determination!
I loved the story and the character's. I felt the pain of the war and it's results it caused to the Jews during world war 2.<br/>Hannah brought it all to life with a riveting story that I couldn't put down. It is a tribute to the strength and courage of woman coping during the war.
A compelling story told of a life and time that present generations cannot relate to - this horrify period of history - WWII. Her story is about the self sacrifice that women contributed to the war and in the telling of the story, rememberance is a call of duty we must never forget.
I started this book and couldn't put it down! I read it in one day it is so amazing! I have read many books about WW 2, but never one from this perspective! Wonderfully and beautifully written!! Thank you Kristin Hannah for writing it! I have not been so touched in a very long time!
A story of love, honor and sacrifice in WW 2. The characters in this book wrestle with the choices for saving their loved ones or risking death to save their country.  I finished reading this on Memorial Day, which seemed fitting.  This is one of the best books I have read this year
This book is for all those people searching for something to read, something deeper, something better. This book has it all - adventure, drama, intrigue - all wrapped up in story from one of the saddest, cruelest points in history. The story is fantastic, the characters, everything.
I truly enjoyed this whole book.  It is unbelievable to think people had to go through all of this.  I highly  think others would find it an interesting read as well as realizing what horrible things took place during WW2.  It about only one family as well but so very interesting ..
I have read a lot of Kristin Hannah's books and this is my favorite.  I felt like I was there.  I felt like I could smell the distraction and feel the hunger in pit of my stomach.  Super fantastic and well written book.  Thanks Kristin for writing about all the aspect of women of war.
Such a profound story told in an engrossingly, believable way. Of course, the personal relationships are the "story" but the larger framework of events are true. It all feels very authentic and is a real page turner. Highly recommend this to WWII history buffs and good story lovers.
A rivoting story from start to finish.  Highly recommended.  Gave an inside look of how humanity can be so cruel but also how one can survive and live a normal life - many during that era did not share their experiences and like the main character, put it all in a trunk tucked away.
This is a superb, well-written book that takes one totally back to 1939.  The characters illuminate the pages and you feel their courage and heartbreak throughout this book. If you are interested in anything to do with World War II and the French resistance this is the book for you.
France during the Nazi occupation..... but, this is the women's stories. Well written and kept my interest, I didn't want to put it down. This is the story of 2 sisters and how they each helped the Resistance during the occupation. Heartbreaking and heroic, I didn't want it to end.
This book was amazing. I never wanted to put it down! The pain and suffering of each of the characters was palpable, and I was moved to treats several times throughout the book. I highly recommend this book to fans of historical fiction, powerful heroines, our deep emotional tales.
The Nightingale is a wonderful book that should be read by everyone. It is hopeful and terrible at the same time.  It is a story of bravery and defiance in many different ways told through the eyes of a French family during WWII. The end is hard to read add you cry. Loved the book.
...of bombs, guns and dark nights, "The Nightingale" brings the reader into the awesome  presence of those who lived and died during the occupation of France.  Ordinary people living extraordinary lives.  The question asked: "Would my response have been even remotely as brilliant?"
Excellent book about the effects of the German occupation in France during WWII on a town and particularly on 2 fictional sisters.  The book is very well written and kept you interested in the lives of these people during a very dark period of history. I highly recommend this book.
Loved this book. Held my attention throughout. The story is about two sisters and how they lived through the German occupation of France during WW II. I found the interaction between the sisters and the differences between them very interesting. Would be a good book club selection.
Gives a great perspective from several of  the French who lived through a tragic, and in many ways, unnecessary war (read The Last Lion).  Most books leave this out as if there were no hardship or problem due to German occupation.  Would definitely recommend this as a book to read.
This was a great read!  Once I began, it was hard to put the book down.  Very graphic descriptions of treatment of the French by the Nazis during the war.  Even though it was fiction - the author drew facts from stories of resistance in other countries.  Good character development.
Outstanding read. Started reading the first day a few chapters, picked up the second day and made it about 1/3 of the way through.  Then the next afternoon I started reading and I found myself so engrossed in the book that I finished it early the next morning. Couldn't put it down.
This is an excellent picture of France during WWII and its relationship with the Jews.  It depicts very brave  Christian French people who fought against the Nazis and did what they needed to do to survive this terrible time.<br/><br/>Very well written.  Definitely worth reading!
World War II in France when the underground was helping downed Allied pilots escape from the Nazis.  The story of ordinary people doing extraordinary things to help the Allies in ways big and small.  Cannot say enough positive things about this book.  One of my favorites this year.
A very moving story about love and loss during WWII.  The characters are well described and its easy for the reader to become involved in the story.  It was very enjoyable to get to know the main characters in this novel and what drives them to do the things that alter their lives.
I cried and just kept reading and cried again...it is heartbreaking what Hitler and the Nazi's did to the people. This book is a tribute to the strong women that helped save strangers and Jewish children - at risk for their own lives. You have truly outdone yourself Kristin Hannah.
I thought this book was fabulous. I love historical fiction, but I have not read much historical fiction pertaining to WWII. Not only did I learn quite a bit about occupied France during this time period, I loved the story of these two sisters. I would totally recommend this book.
I have long been an admirer of Kristin Hannah's writing and this novel was not a disappointment.  She depicts the bravery of the French people in rescuing English pilots. There is also the human element experienced by its young people and relationships that develop during the was.
I absolutely loved this book, the characters were very well developed, it was fast moving, not at all predictable, and had a very poignant but believable ending.  It was also quite the history lesson for me regarding the French common people's struggles and endurance during WW II.
I'm not usually into reading about war but this book was incredible. Such a tragedy that needs to not be forgotten even if through fiction since the events are real. The sisters are inspiring in their own way by how different they dealt with the cards they were given. A must read.
I loved this book in so many ways. I loved that I read this book and had real tears and real heart ache for the characters. I feel a sense of loss after the book ends - I don't want to see the characters go. I am so happy that I read this book because it will forever stay with me.
This book is great. It is a realistic, thought prevoking, and emotion evoking glimpse into the "ordinary" lives of peope during WWII. The bravery in completing ordinary and extraordinary tasks and the resiliance of humanity and human society is made apparent by this novel.
After just touring Germany and France, discovering knowledge of my father's WWII experiences and being touched by Jewish history during the war, this story brought a true feeling and understanding of the horrors of war and strength of the human spirit!<br/>We should never forget.
Kristin Hannah always delivers.  I have lots of books regarding the 2nd World War and this was just different enough to keep the reader informed.  I knew about getting flyers out of France, but she put a whole new view of how women worked in the French underground.  Love the book.
Heart wrenching, page-turning, yet courageous story of two sisters in WWII France, one blatantly heroic, the other behind the scenes in her own way as a mother would. Outstanding novel--shows the resiliency of the human spirit, how love binds us together and the heartbreak of war.
Best book I've read in a loong time. Believe all the hype. I actually teared up, and that NEVER happens when I read books. The author's ability to stir up readers emotions to the point of tears is amazing. Wonderful story full of intrigue that will keep you glued for hours on end.
This book gives us all something to take from it.  Makes you live thru someone else's eyes and live to tell about it. Gives you an appreciation of a life you wouldn't want but can only guess what it must have been like. I would refer this book to anyone. I know I'm glad I read it.
This story was so well written on a level that felt like I have the same memories. I felt the anguish and fear, the love and hate. It takes you right to the war and you see what happens to people's lives with a real understanding. People who like stories of WWII, it's a must read.
At first I wasn't sure I was going to like this book but then as I read on, it became more I interesting. The many stories that it has about different people in wartime made it very hard for me to put the book down. There is a lot of sadness in this book  it there is also some joy
One of my favorite authors, Kristin Hannah does not disappoint!  This is a beautiful written story about the Natzi invasion of France and what people had to go through.  It will bring tears to your eyes as well as giving you a history lesson.  Great story and well worth the read!!
This is one of the best books I've ever read. Nobody can make me sob like Kristin Hannah! Sometimes she evokes such emotion that I have to put the book down and compose myself. I love to be moved and she can really do it! Plus I love that I always learn something new in her books.
I really enjoyed this book, although at times the writing was a little stilted.  What captured my interest was the resistance plot and the relationship between the Nightingale and her sister.  The book reverberated after I was finished reading, which is always a good thing for me.
The story of families and relationships are interwoven into the story of World War II and the occupation of France. The characters are well developed and there is a surprise ending, which actually doesn't seem logical in context. Despite that, I found the book well worth reading.
This novel is great. It keeps you interested from beginning to end.  Read this book, you will love it. It is a story about what people of France had to endure during World War 11 at the hands of Nazi soldiers. It also show the bravery of men and women who resisted the occupation.
I gave this book the rating because it was an especially beautifully written story about an ugly time in our world's history. I cried, predicted erroneously and sat on the edge for several chapters and finished reading wishing the story wouldn't end.  I could read Hannah forever.
This book captures a time in history that should never be forgotten. What it took for those to survive was built on valiant efforts and pure grit and love. There was no choice. Phenomenally written, The Nightingale reads like a movie in you head. Painful, passionate and evolving.
This story touched me deeply in so many ways. I was horrified by the brutality and length of the German occupation of France but mesmerized by the women who rose above it. Listening gave it such texture and dimension. As sad as it sometimes made me, I am grieving that it is over.
Two sisters caught in WWII in France. One becomes the Nightingale while the other does her part in her little town.  At times I was reading so quickly to find out what would happen next. The only thing I didn't like was the language a few times. It always ruins the moment for me.
I enjoyed this book very much. I finished the book two weeks ago and it continues to fill my mind with new ideas and questions to ponder. The writing is detailed. I could see the countryside, feel the pain, identify with the complex characters. This is a book worth reading again.
At first, I didn't want to read another WWII story. I had recently finished All The Light We Cannot See and loved it. I'm so glad I decided to listen to the Audible version. What an amazing story. Heartbreaking and poignant. I know that this one will stay with me for a long time.
The best book I've read this year, it really touched my heart. I've already "liked" and shared the author's Facebook page to my Facebook "friends" list.  I will certainly make more Amazon gift card purchases for Kristin's other novels...deserves more stars though!
A wonderful book-well written!  The war from a different view!  Two women fighting for their values, if not the same values as their country!  This book reminds us that there is good even among the worst evil!  And that courage will remain with us as human beings, no matter what!
I enjoy the struggles and resistance books of this era, however, it reminded me very much of Sarah's Key - then I finished the book and found out that author of Sarah's Key was acknowledged.  I have never read anything by Kristin Hannah, maybe I will try another one of her books.
There are many books, movies etc on WWII, this one captures the extraordinary strength and ability of the women and men who were not soldiers who saved lives under the most difficult of circumstances.  War is not all front line fighting...it's so much deeper and more complicated.
One of the best books I have ever read.  Well written and an easy flow that you don't want to put down.  I liked it so much I ordered Winter Garden by the same author and am thoroughly enjoying that one too. Obviously the author has done a great job on researching before writing.
This book is amazing. I've read it twice already just to make sure I remembered everything. I love Kristin's book and this is definitely one of my favorites.  She is an amazing story teller, I would believe that the story could have really happened.  Can't wait for her next book.
totally enthralling!  I couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end. Two sisters, two lives so different but unwillingly entwined during the Nazi occupation of France. This should be the next novel anyone who loves historical fiction reads. Kristen Hannah has out done herself!
I sincerely appreciate a well-researched book that both entertains and informs. THE NIGHTINGALE is one of those; one of the best Kristin Hannah has written. After I finished the book, my husband took control of it and was hooked right from the beginning. Terrific read. Well done.
Great book - I hated to put it down!  The stories of the two sisters was interesting, sad and showed the courage women displayed during a terrible time in history.  The two sisters were both heroes in different ways and unbeknown to each other.  I hated it when the book was over.
Solid, expert writing. I admire authors who can tackle stories such as this. It's a reminder to our generation of how good we have it and for that, these war stories are important.<br/>On a personal note, this is the 3rd WWII novel I've read this year; going to take a breather.
Although it took me a while to read this, and really get into in, I enjoyed it very much.  I know it is fiction, but the author did research to incorporate factual times and settings enough for you to believe this story of war survival could have happened. I recommend this book.
The story woven around WWII is well written and captivating. One must never forget the atrocities committed during his war. This book presents them in no uncertain terms yet also shows the hope and courage and love that existed.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this book.
I love to read about strong women who make a difference. This is about two sisters who help others in very different ways during the Nazi occupation of France. It is well-written and I hated to put it down.  Kristin Hannah is a very good author. I have enjoyed many of her books.
This novel has a lot going for it - love stories, family dynamics, war, etc., but it confused me at times with all the plot twists and shifts from o e character's point of view to another. I do recommend it, but warn the reader that it's not the best novel of its kind out there.
So tired of reading about World War 11  and all the horrors of that time.  Not to diminish the atrocities of that war, but this book really didn't offer much new on the subject.  Really need some new subject matters.  It droned on and on and never had any happy moments to share.
I found this to be a compelling read. It afforded another inside perspective of WWII in France.<br/>I have recently read "All the Light You cannot See" and can now understand another perspective of the horrors of war.<br/>Wonderfully written and drew me in immediately.
This is a very compelling story about the nazi occupation of France and the bravery of the French resistance and ordinary citizens. The writing is gripping at times and trivial at other times. Some unnecessary details could have been edited out. On the whole, I enjoyed the book.
Wow. I love historical fiction and can't wait to see what her other books are like. The storyline really captivated me and the way it was written really brought out my imagination. The lives of these people and what they went through was not easy. I am arill thinking about them.
This story was so beautifully written. Quotes and images from this book are engraved into my brain. This was simply an amazing book. I loved that I got to hear the story that isn't written in textbooks but is so important to learn. Thanks to the author for another great read!I'm
A great story of a horrible time in history. The historical parts of the book were real as I have learned by reading books on WWII.  A story of love, hope and survival. A must read if you love history and it truly will touch your heart. You won't be sorry if you read this book !
I have read all of Kristin Hannah's novels and this one is my favorite by far. It has the complex characters and relationships of her previous novels, but also includes heart wrenching stories of the French during WWII.<br/><br/>This book is a must read for WWII buffs like me.
I loved this book and was sorry to have it end. But it ended perfectly, which I think is difficult for many authors. If you have interest in WWII, you will find this book interesting, riveting, even. I had to go back and read the final two chapters a second time. Wonderful work!
Riveting and heartbreaking and yet life affirming. Could not put it down!! A well told story of love and family and the horrors of the holocost. Reminds us of the human capacity for cruelty and also selflessness. These sisters tell it all in a way that grabs your heart and soul.
This is a book about WWII and the resistance.  It is a history that is filled with so much pain and suffering, but also happiness.  All should read this book and learn and remember that pain suffered from this regime.  Tears were falling when I was finishing this wonderful book.
I appreciate how well written all of Kristin Hannah's books are.  They are thought provoking and heart wrenching.  I like the insight I received from reading about this part of World War 2.  War is incredibly hard on everyone and life changing.  Read this book, you will love it!
This book grabbed me at the outset and wouldn't let go. The characters, the story, the history - I couldn't stop till I'd finished. The French resistance against the Germans is legendary, and Kristin Hannah has made it vibrantly real. I look forward to reading more of her work.
Set amidst the backdrop of the Nazi occupation of France, the story of two young girls, sisters, enfolds. The fear, uncertainty, pain, hunger and loss is palpable in the words on the page. A truly moving snapshot into the hell of war and the redemption that is possible after...
recommended by my cousin, and now I've recommended it to several other bookworms.  LOVE recommendations by people who share my love of books.  This one is terrific, compelling, based on reality, and moving.  War IS hell, but the human spirit overcomes more than one can believe.
Enjoyed the book from the moment I picked it up! I loved the Outlander series by Diana Gabaldon and for years have had a hard time finding a book of the same genre that I like. Nightingale is a wonderful story about the hard times in France during WWII and the lives of 2 women.
I loved everything about this book.  The characters were so real.  I could feel what they were feeling.  I could see what they were seeing.  It is one of those rare books that draws you in until you feel like you are a part of the story.  VERY well written and a powerful story.
I love Kristin Hannah and I found this to be quite different for her.  She did excellent research on this time period and her authenticity was excellent; very good story with all of the wonderfully developed characters she usually has in her books.  It was a very touching book.
This is one of the best books I've read in awhile.  Normally, WW2 stories are not my favorite but this one is very compelling.  Both sisters take different routes living through the Nazi occupation of France which makes the story very interesting.  I highly recommend this book!
Enjoyed this book very much. Well written description of life during Germany's occupation of much of Europe and the suffering and horrible treatment that the people lived under during World War II. Recommend this book to all readers interested in history during this time period
I absolutely love this book. What a pleasant surprise! I bought it having never ready anything by Ms. Hannah and I'm so glad I took the chance! If you love historical fiction, dramatic plots and strong female characters this is totally the book for you. I could not put it down!
Kristin Hannah grabbed me at the first sentence! I'm quite reserved with five-star ratings, but this book raised no doubt. I found it enlightening, heart-breaking, suspenseful, and inspiring. A horrible period in our world's history brought to life through memorable characters.
This story is wonderfully written and painful to read as a Jewish female. But in the best way. This story of two sisters and their approaches to getting through the war is incredible and a less told perspective. I loved the writing and I can't wait to read more from this author
Two sisters in France at the beginning of the Nazi occupation & how each of them saves lives & how they all ,the people of France, suffer untold agonies but emerge stronger. it's an exciting spy story, a love story & a story of unbelievable courage & fearlessness  A must read🎉
Absolutely beautiful. I honestly had to stop reading it a few times because I was into it so much. I love Kristin and have never been disappointed in her books. This one by far passed her other books for my favorite. It is so detailed and real feeling....omg just loved it!!!!!!
I really liked this book.  The writing took me to the Loire Valley during The 1940's.  Kristin allowed me to view a small part of a life that existed during that time period.  I loved her portrayal of two sisters in conflict but so strong doing whatever they could for survival.
Outstanding book detailing the life of a French family during the war. It had elements of joy, great sadness and absolute horror of what happened to innocent French citizens at the hands of the Germans. Kristin Hannah's excellent writing made it very hard to put this book down.
Well written.... likable and believable characters.  Loved the older lady thinking back, telling the story of her families history.  Told in such away, that the reader isn't sure which one of the girls was telling the story ... who made it out of this horrible situation alive.
Wonderful.  Beautifully crafted, movingly told and deeply moving.  Descriptive. Sensitive. Truthful. This is a graceful story about the wickedness of war that sees the profound difficulties of living in the midst is of our cruelties.  A must read in this time of war and anger.
One of the best books I have read in several years.  Kristin Hannah is an amazing writer--paints pictures with her words.It was our book club's selection for the month.  I have told all of my friends that it is a must read.  It wasn't 5 stars--it was a 7 star in my estimation!
This was a spell binding book from start to finish.  One of the best reads I have had in a very long time.  I totally loved this book!  I intend to go back and read the other books that Kristin Hannah has written.  This was a new author to me.<br/><br/>Barbara Miller Whitton
Amazing book!  The writing is very descriptive and the story very compelling.  I didn't really want to read another book about WWII because I've read so many, but glad I did because it's one of the best books I've ever read.  Will definitely check out the author's other books.
The Nightingale was gripping! As the author wove the Nazis cruelty into the the human passion for love and life, she made me truly care for the characters. Two sisters' different personalities and approaches on surviving horrific events ties them together with love in the end.
It was hard for me to believe that this was a work of "fiction."  Kristin Hannah has always brought me to laughter and tears.  This book did both.  The ending was a surprise to me.  Everyone should have to read this book and then give thanks for the lives that we have.
Wow.  This book blew my socks off.  A haunting tale of strength, perseverance and hope.  I sobbed, I laughed.  I finished the book weeks ago, but I still think about it every day.  We have to transcend the past to get the future right.  I highly recommend this book.  Fabulous.
This book takes you on such an emotional journey.  I loved Vianne and Isabelle, and sharing all their joys and sorrows.  Such bravery in the face of the ultimate evil that ruled France during WWII.  But mostly this story is about the endurance of love.  It was an amazing book.
Amazing amd heartbreaking story of love and survival during the atrocities on WWII.  The way the story is told in flashback gives nothing away and leaves you guessing until the end. By the time I was on the last few chapters I was crying like a baby! Beautiful beautiful book.
This is truly one of the best books I've read.  My wife raved about the book so I gave it a try. Beautifully written and a compelling story. I am encouraged by the lives who survived WWII. The unsung heroes are many, everyone plays a part, I'm encouraged to be all that I can.
After having read other Hannah books,I was happy that my Book club selected this one. The subject matter of this story involves a period of history and location that I was not very familiar with. The characters and storylines were exceptional and I highly recommend to others.
This was a fantastic book. I could not put it down. I loved the way the author developed the story.  It started out with lots of development of characters and then the story took over.  I have recommended it to many of my friends and I plan to read more novels by this author.
Wow. This was an excellent story about WWII in France. Hannah must have done extensive research to so intensely describe the misery the French endured during the Nazi occupation. The strong characters she portrays in the two sisters is very dynamic. Really enjoyed this novel!
This story kept my interest but I did not love it. I'm not sure why. I think maybe I could not identify well with either character. However, the historic background, the details, and the storyline kept me reading. I totally love how the author tied it all together at the end.
This was a toss up with " All the Light We Cannot See " as the most enjoyable book I have read this year. It has me curious now on whether the authors other books are up to the same standard as this one. If so I'd happy to read them all or eagerly await her next one.
This book was fantastic. Kristen Hannah is a great author but her research of WWII occupied France was thorough and the story was riveting. As a French teacher, I love reading about WWII as France had a very different perspective than America. I could not put this book down.
Amazing story, I usually don't write reviews but wow what a story. I picked this book because of all the 5 star reviews. I'm sure glad I did. A real history lesson that you just don't hear about, just couldn't put it down, what emotions it brings up. Thank you very well done
This is a story of two sisters so different but also alike. Their story is one of the trials and tribulations of young women during World War II trying to survive, each in their own way. It is a story representing the lives of so many during those years of war and suffering.
A must read! A well-written historical novel that involves the reader in the realities and emotions surrounding the Nazi occupation of France. I could not put this book down as I was emotionally drawn to the characters and their triumphant spirit in the midst of devastation.
Great story , great writing, very captivating !<br/><br/>The ending seems a little rushed.  For Nightingale, Isabella, after all she accomplished, even survive the Nazi death camp, why there isn't more stories on her recovery instead saying that she died in a certain year,
This is an excellent book if you like historical fiction.  Set in France, the story takes place from 1939, throughout the Nazi occupation of France in WWII.  Would be cool if they make this into a movie.  Typically opt for non-fiction but this extremely good!  A page turner!
The story is a little slow to start but builds and becomes much more compelling. The story and characters have all the right components (description, motivation, organization), but somehow lacked the kind of depth and heart to create a truly memorable and inspirational read.
tear-jerking, gut-wrenching, and an unfortunately realistic representation of WWII. Noting the Vel d'Hiv roundup which was detailed in Sarah's Key, it brings a semi-informed reader more into the fold on the events of the Holocaust, and impacts on Jewish and non-Jewish lives.
This was such an amazing  book! Such a profound story that truly touched my heart. I honestly could not put down the book, and found myself sobbing many times throughout the story. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a great read! It will touch your heart.....
This novel was one of he most riveting this reader has encountered in some time.  Besides giving a realistic account of the French Resistance during WWII, the descriptions made the reader feel right in the middle of the action. The characters were well defined and realistic.
I would have given this book a 10  if possible. A great story and I felt that I was  in the war.  I never realized  what  great things<br/>Women did in this war.  I will always remember this book.  Thanks Kristin Hannah for writing such a wonderful story.<br/><br/>Amazon. Reader
I keep thinking every time I read her newest book that it's my favorite ever!! Same for this one!! I've read every book she's written that I'm aware of and her work just gets so much better! Her writing has developed and evolved so much, I just can't wait for her next book!
Although it is hard to read and imagine what the innocent people suffered at the hands of the Germans, this story captures you until the very end. Such an emotional tale of the sisters intertwined stories and experiences throughout WWII. I would highly recommend this book!!
I just finished this book as I visit Paris. During walking tours , I have learned much about the occupation and the resistance. This book made it even more real to me because of the human connection.<br/>While I am sure it is romanticized, history comes alive in its pages.
I never read books that keep me up at night but once I started The Nightingale I couldn't stop. I had to stay with the characters  because if I put the book down they might do something and I'd miss it.  It was that real.  This was my first Hannah book. It won't be my last.
This book kept me captivated from the beginning until the end. The author has a way of drawing you into the story and the characters, making you feel like you are a part of it all. She had me reading until the wee hours of the morning! I just couldn't put it down! Loved it!
This  book about the French resistance, mainly from the view of women, was an excellent read, a real page turner.  The historic tale blends right in with the book I'm reading now, Killing Patton. Both are so readable and historically informative from a personal perspective.
This is a great book, great story, well written. As an American, it's hard to imagine what people went through during the war, yet it happened and we need to never forget.  This is a book that held my interest and never let go.  I would give it 10 stars if I could. Read it.
This book was really interesting, set during the German occupation of France during WWII.  I liked knowing more about this period through these stories and it held my attention throughout the book.  It has stuck with me, as I think about these women and what they went through.
The Nightingale looks at the war from two sisters' points of views.  I have read many war novels, but this is the first one I have read that gives such a clear picture of how France was affected by the war, and especially the women of France.  Heart wrenching and uplifting.
This book is amazing.  I'm in my eighties, so I remember WWII - but did not realize the depth of the sufferings of the French women who had to hold it together.  K. Hannah has brought this to life.  Though it is a work of fiction, no one could make up these women's stories.
This book was amazing!  It was about the French Resistance during WWII but there were so many twists and turns that I couldn't put it down!  The writing was so descriptive that I felt I was there.  The two lead characters were believeable and you felt such empathy for them.
As good as Winter Garden, I couldn't put it down.  This book made you live how the people suffered and endured during the Nazis occupation of WWII.  It took me two weeks to shake the thoughts in Winter Garden and I find myself doing the same with, "The Nightingale".
A diversion from Hannah's usual topics- this book is probably her best book!  If I said the book is about relationships during ww2 and nazi occupation in France, etc. Kristin Hannah fans wouldn't be inclined to read it. Therefore, I will simply say "best book ever!"
I enjoyed this book, although the subject was not a pleasant one. With two sisters in France under German occupation during WWII, what good can happen? But I learned something from the stories about how hard life probably was, and how ordinary people can do amazing things.
Such a good book!  I love to read, and lately there just hasn't been a book that swept me away into another world or time.  This book did. Loved the women in this story. Gave another view of WW 2 with the French resistance and the role women had in this war. Great story!!!
The Nightingale is an excellent piece of historic fiction set in Nazi occupied France during WWII.It is a riveting story,with sympathetic,believable characters,realistic sutuations and complex relationships which will tug at the readers heart. Great choice for book groups!
This is one of those books that you wish wasn't over. The author writes well about human frailties our mistakes and the love that binds everyone. I enjoyed the World War II setting - it is so important that we remember what happened and how people managed to get through it
The very best book I have read this season. Pulls at your heart.  Almost like a history lesson with just the right touches to draw you into the depths of each characters life.  A phenomenal book you will have with you for a long time. Would be good read for any book. club.
Such a sad story, so many growing up in such poverty and cruelty. Felt it could have been a true story. Thought there was a young woman who did lead many into Spain. I really identified with the characters in the book and made me question what I would do for my loved ones.
This story has amazing historical context and character development. A view into the lives of those who stay home and fight the home battles of hunger, fear, starvation, and the distruction of everything held dear. A must read for those of us that enjoy historical fiction.
So much of what she writes in this story, I could see from my real life experience on the March of the living. The concentration camps and the experiences of anyone tortured or captured comes to life. You love the characters and how they represent what's good in all of us.
I loved this book.  It was hard to read at times because of the horrific subject matter, but what an eye opener.  I am encouraging my granddaughters to read this book, if only to inspire them as to what courage looks like and to help them appreciate the life they live now.
I found this book to be quite riveting. From the very start it grabbed my attention and drew me in until the end. Even the end held surprises. Often an otherwise memorable read will slow down for me and then pick up again. I truly enjoyed all of this story. It made me cry.
So many emotions reading this book! I can't imagine living through this! I love Kristin Hannah's writing! She makes me feel like I am there with the characters!! You will fall in love with the characters and you will cry! Prepare now!! Can't wait until I can read it again!
I can't even begin to describe this amazing read. This is a novel you will never forget. Absolutely incredible, Hannah leads you into a world that existed for so many at one time and page by page, I felt I was with them on their journey. This is a book I will never forget.
Very well detailed account of WWII Resistence and women's told in it, but more telling to me was the ability to feel as if you are suffering through the German occupancy of France. which says a lot for Ms. Hannah's talent for character development and weaving a good tale.
With a learning disability, reading g has never come easy for me.  My sister recommended this book and all I can say is how grateful she did.  It took me to a time and place I had tried to forget but thankfully I will always remember from a broken heart to forever living.
Although it takes a little while to get into The Nightingale, once you do you are drawn to read more and more. From the love of family and friends to the horror of war you will not forget this book and maybe you will cry at the end with sad tears and happy tears as I did.
Nightingale is an unforgettable story on how the French were treated during the occupation in WW2. It focuses on 2 sisters and how they lived through it and the horrendous hardships they suffered. It also is a story of courage and love.  Very much worth your time reading.
Amazing plot, amazing writing. Gives you a greater - heart-wrenching - perspective on how devastating the war was for the France - especially for the the Jewish-French. Not to mention, there are such great stories of love and survival among the two lead female characters.
This book  was so interesting I could not put it down!  The plot developed in a way that drew me in and brought me into the lives of the characters. It  made me suffer with them and their plights as they lived a war most of us remember but were not as affected, thank God!
I really enjoyed this book.  I had never thought about what it must have been like to live in German occupied France during WWII, what a terrifying ordeal daily life was.  Great book for any historical fiction fan.  The author covered difficult material without vulgarity.
Great book I could not put it down.  I felt a strong sense of Isabelle's life, her strength and character.  Viane her sister we could all relate to her circumstance with her son and friends.  Such bravery and strength during a cruel and sadistic time in France during WWII
Beautifully written historical novel, the kind of book you can't wait to return to.  I didn't give it 5 stars because some of the descriptions of torture were too graphic for me.  Otherwise, I thought the plot and the characters were very interesting.  I highly recommend.
I found the storyline very realistic. The events seem to follow the history of WWII.  Sometimes it was hard to believe that people would treat others as they did.  However, I feel it is really important to read and know what happened.  So hopefully it never happens again.
Beautifully written story of 2 sisters during nazi occupation of Paris and rural France.  Recommended for book clubs and those interested in historical fiction. Helps one understand why the French are grateful to allied nations who liberated their country from the Germans
I loved every word.  I was mesmerized by the accounting of what happens to the people in a small French village during the war years.  We hear about the camps and the cities, so learning about the hardships of life in a small village was informative. Wonderful characters.
This book really interests me since I was working at Wright Field during WW11.  What<br/>these sisters were going thru in France during those times makes me appreciate once more how fortunate we were in the States.  A five star rating and I'm only half way thru the book.
I loved this book. It seemed to have a surprise around every corner so to speak.  Well written, fast paced...one of her best . Of course I have enjoyed all her books I just thought this one was better than usual which is saying alot. Forgot to mention have a tissue handy.
A well-written novel set in the horrendous time of the Nazi invasion and occupation of France. The life of  French citizens was precarious at best, so even though I described the mood as dark, it was also hopeful. Lots of twists, lot of surprises. The ending was perfect.
Gritty,gruesome and intriguing .Although some passages were challenging to read, this well researched,well written story of two sisters with very different approaches to dealing with life in German occupied France in WW2 is full of twists and turns from beginning to end.
I have read this book on Kindle and then bought the book for my husband and family.  Every member of my family has now read it.  It seems very real and gives insight of what it must have been like to be in occupied France.  The characters are strong and kept me guessing.
Its been a few months since I finished reading this book and still miss it. So well written and captivating from the start. You get to know every character vividly that it truly saddened me when their story ended. I cannot wait  to reread again in a few yrs. In my Top 3.
Hard to say one "loves it" as it is such a graphic picture of life in France during WWII. However, the writing was beautiful in my opinion and portrays the horrors  perpetrated by the Nazis and the courage of many ordinary people  who became heroes in resistance.
I love Historical Fiction and this book was one of the best I have ever read. It covers some of the atrocities that the Nazis did to Jews and non Jews. It was exciting and I couldn't put it down. Praise to Kristin Hannah. It was the best book written by her so far. *****
This is the best book I have read in a long time. Hannah does an incredible job of describing the life of the French during WWII. This is not an uplifting book, but the information of this historical period needs to be told to everyone. The French were courageous people.
Historical fiction. WWII and the story of two sisters in France.  Some would say not another story about the cruelties of war & concentration camps, but this story has a happy ending.  Focuses on the French resistance in Paris  and life in a small village during the war.
It was a WWII drama with the back stories of two sisters and their individual heroic resistance to the Nazis. French female resisters played areal roll during the war and that was interesting. Throw in love, mystery, drama, fear, tragedy and redemption for a good story!
A history lesson within the best read in years. My eyes hadn't cried that many tears in awhile. I felt as though I was there. Thank you for taking me to a place I hope I never witness in real life and thank you for making us understand and appreciate the people who did.
Great book on a topic I knew a little about but not much.  The author expanded my understanding of what it was like living in Vichy France during WW!!.  A very tense tale well told.  the authors writing style lends itself to a story of this type and I hope to read more!
Great read and great story. I was hooked all the way through.  Beautifully described even if some of it was hard to read.  Loved the characters.  Its one of those books you will think about for a long time and want to recommend to others as a "not to miss" read.
I was hooked on this story from the first page.  It is a story of heart ache, courage & hope.  The characters seem so real to me. Anyone who was born in that time or shortly after will relate to this book.  I'm sure that everyone who reads this book will be hooked also.
The Nightingale took me on an extraordinary journey of ordinary people in World War II France and how relationships change.  It beautifully depicts how each individual makes choices and how this can impact events. I was emotionally riveted the entire book.  A must read.
I liked the Nightingale's point of view, focusing on the women of occupied France in WWII. I found it to be utterly gripping, and heartbreaking. Lots of meaty topics here-sisterhood, motherhood, love, friendship, and survival. I recommend it, especially for book clubs.
While I am getting weary of WWII stories, this one is beautifully written, with one scare and intrigue right after another, and<br/>a drawing quality that causes the reader to feel and sense every horror and joy that the characters experience.  So glad I<br/>read it!
One of the best books I have read in a long time and in my opinion, Kristin Hannah's best!  I always love her books but this one combined her usual skills with historical fiction which I also love.  I could not put it down and have recommended to friends and relatives!
The Nightengale was a very difficult book to digest, but I couldn't stop reading.  I was fascinated by events that I had never realized happened in France during that horrible time in History.  Wow!  This was a good read.  I'm anxious to read more books by Miss Hnnnah.
I loved the story and believe it to be extremely important for everyone to read so they don't forget and become complacent and remember to always stand up for what you believe in.  Everyone must do their part to keep our world safe from evil extremists, such as Hitler.
Although I'm not even half way through, I'm finding it a little slow and scattered. At this point I have to remind myself to continue reading. Kristen Hannah is among my favorite authors. I'm sure the story is accurate but not my favorite of her books, at least so far.
I stayed up too late reading this book.....like all good books, I raced to the end but hated to reach it.  I found myself wishing that there was more description on the Nightingales exploits in the Pyranees but otherwise found the book and the main characters gripping.
This book takes place during the war from the French side, and from those who were left behind (women and children) to survive during the war.  The women are smart, resourceful and brave- a refreshing change from other stories.  Great fast read with satisfying ending.
This book was amazing. Beyond words to truly describe how great it is. Since the first page your attention is grasped and your tears are falling. I could not put this book down and ugly cried at the end. You will get all the feels. It’s amazing. YOU NEED TO READ IT!!!
The Nightingale will be discussed for the local book discussion this month.  I read it two times over 3 month period as the topic for discussion changed and moved this down the list.  The second read found me catching detail I had read over the first time.  Anne Moyer
I read this book awhile ago, & several books by other authors since, but remember this particular book being a wonderful book that I marked that I'd read again.  The author mixes her stories with historical events.  I've read several of her books, some more than once.
While reading this book I felt like I knew these strong women...I was transported back to a time in history that is still hard to believe could have happened.  Every emotion was felt while reading The Nightingale....I will tell all my friends to be sure and read this.
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  The characters are so well developed and seem so real. If you like historical fiction, especially about WWII, you will love this book. The ending completely caught me off guard and tears rolled down my cheeks.
Anyone interested in WW2 France will find the book fascinating reading.  It is well paced and not too wordy and keeps one turning the pages.  While we know the outcome of the historic event there are many surprises impacting the characters to keep it very interesting.
I smiled, laughed, hurt, and cried through these pages until the end. I recommend this with every fiber of my being. As I write this, having just finished reading, my heart is still physically pained and tears still rest on my eyes. Beautiful story, very well written.
Wonderful read.  Love history mixed with such personal stories.  Was awed by amazing strength of characters.  Was surprised and awed by identity of The Nightingale.  My book club is discussin it tonight.<br/>Such a beautiful blend of history, suspense, and real love.
It has been a long time since I have read a novel that gripped my attention and touched my heart from beginning g to end.  My father was in the war but I never knew what it was like for women in occupied France. The Nightingale is a great story, difficult to put down.
these reviews didn't need another 5 star review, BUT I rarely feel this strongly about a book.....this was one of the best I've ever read. The characters are well integrated and well developed. You can feel the feelings the characters are feeling....it is a must read.
Brilliant! This is the story of the face of evil and how different people react to it.  It reveals the covert operations of women who risked their lives during WWII. The themes are very thought provoking while the narrative is very compelling.  I couldn't put it down.
This is a very touching, heart wrenching story.  I lived in Germany for several years and visited the Dachau concentration camp.  This story brings that camp to life in a very real way.  This book also holds love, hope, regret and healing.  Please lose yourself in it.
Ms Hannah has done it again with The Nightingale; with well developed charactors she has told a trully believeable story. A tear jerker  that you will not be able to put down, and when it's over, you will not like to see it end. This book could make a wonderful movie.
Wonderful story of the war and French people? It is love,hate,survival and sacrifice all together. I don't know how Kristin could write with such heart and feelings having not lived thru these desperate times. I really enjoyed this book even though I cried at the end.
This was a brutal read but well worth it. Great character development along with historical accuracy. Some of the details were so tough to read but necessary so the reader can get a better understanding of what life was like during that time.  I didn't want it to end.
Very rarely do I read a book in one day.  The Nightingale is a book that I could not put down.  The setting is one of my favorites, WW II and France.  I cried at points of this book, I was in awe of Viann and Isabelle’s strength, and I loved the way the children in this story were able to be so strong.  This is the story of Viann and Isabelle and how they managed to live through the horror of Nazi occupation.  I cannot even begin to understand all of what they had to do and how they had to live but I certainly can understand why they did what they did during this time.<br/><br/>Viann, being a mother and wife, was the character I could relate most too but I wanted to think that if I was in France during the occupation I could be as strong as Isabelle.  Viann did everything she could to keep her daughter safe and healthy during a time when it was not easy.  I was in awe of what she gave up to do this.  She put her own beliefs aside and did what the Nazi’s said just to keep them in their own house and to allow them to stay together.  Isabelle, being a single woman, stepped out of the normal woman’s role and stepped into a much more dangerous role while helping those who were fighting against the Nazi’s.  Isabelle was amazing.  A woman in the 40’s did not usually work outside the home, did not fight wars, and certainly did not save downed pilots.<br/><br/>Kristin Hannah is one of my all time favorite authors.  She is an author that I know will always tug at my heart strings and keep me entertained.  When I see a book by Kristin I know that it is a must read.
Graphic account of what the French women and children had to endure under the German occupation during WWII.  The heroism of some who tried to save the Jews from the gas chambers and work camps.  What war is really like and how it can catch a whole nation unprepared.
Started a little slow, but WOW!  Once she started rolling I couldnt put it down.  I spent two days stumbling around WWII Paris.  I can't wait to go back.  I will see Paris in a new light.  Very tense...so try not to read it alone or with the lights down.  Great book!
Beautiful and sensitive story of the pain of war and the French Resistance affecting family members in quite different ways.  This book is a real page-turner from beginning to end.  My deep thanks to Kristin Hannah for writing this soulful vibrant historical fiction.
I loved this book.  Although difficult to read because of it's content, the writing kept me enthralled.  I couldn't put it down.  I had to know what happened to the characters.  Kristin Hannah is a wonderful writer.  I am looking forward to reading more of her books.
I really enjoyed this book. It was beautifully written. I found myself immersed in the characters. It was a tear jerker at times, but was also a tribute to the resilience of those who suffered during the second world war in various ways. I highly recommend this book.
I enjoyed this book more than anything I have read in ages, I read about 3 to 4 novels a month.<br/><br/>Some parts were very hard to get through and I may have skimmed a little but not often and not much.<br/><br/>Have told all my reader friends to read this one
So heart wrenching but beautifully written.  Thank God for those who were brave enough to risk their lives.  Author also brought into light the human side of an enemy.  It's a period of life that's difficult for me to understand -- the annihilation of a certain race.
Loved the story, but I had hoped for a better ending.  Not that the ending was awful, was just hoping for a different outcome.  Good read about 2nd world war in France, two sisters, their relationship, how they dealt with the issues of the war, I can recommend this.
I will recommend this book to my book club. It was well written and researched . The atrocities  that took place should always be remembered and hopefully never repeated.<br/><br/>Human beings are capable of such endurance. There is much to be said about survival.
I like reading about the time period of World War II and The Nightingale held my interest until the end. In fact, I didn't want it to end. Kristin has<br/>a way of making her characters come alive in her books and you feel like you know them well. Enjoyed it a lot.
I just finished reading The Nightingale. I read constantly, love historical novels, and it takes a lot to make me want to recommend a book as extraordinary but this is one of them. It's not a frou-frou, love story, drama book - it is so real, that is scary. Try it..
A great story of how much the French suffered under the Nazi occupation.  Causes the reader to be grateful they have not had to suffer such atrocities. Would we be able to survive the suppression of our freedom and the subjugation? I hope we never have to be tested.
A fantastic read--was one of the best novels I have read in a long time, and I do read at least a book a week! I read the book over two days and was frustrated when I had to put it down! It is intense, beautiful, and an unforgettable commentary on the power of love.
We are reading this book for book club. It was so moving creating so many emotions. At times I couldn't put the book down. At other times I had to put it down because of the deviation and heart breaking situations of the characters and the realities of World War II.
I LOVED this book!  The author did a great job of developing the characters and describing the settings.  You felt like you were in the locations and knew the characters while reading the book.  I would (and have) most certainly recommend this to my friends to read!
As with all of Kristen Hannah's books, I became very attached to the characters and felt their joy and pain. I learned a lot about France during World War II and especially the role of the women and the tragic lives of those living in occupied Paris. Escellent read!
Another amazing novel by Kristin Hannah. She is one of my favorite authors and anxiously aware the release of her books. The Nightingale did not disappoint one again! The book keeps you on your toes from the beginning to end! This is definitely a must read. Enjoy!!!
Hannah has vaulted herself to the top of my list of exceptional writers. My understanding of the horrors of WWII was shaken and deepened. She incorporated a deep understanding of people under severe stress and war as it really is. I expect this will get many awards.
Very well written, this book immerses you in Occupied France and you experience the emotions of each character and the choices they make. Learning about the women during this time gives a lot of strength to me.  I am a librarian and have suggested this book to many.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I read it on vacation so didn't scrutinize it for consistency in plot, but well written and thoroughly engaging.  I love books where I wake up the next day wondering what the characters are up to today.  This book does not disappoint.
The story of two sisters who lived during the worst period of the invasion of France by the Nazis- how they dealt with brutality and horrors that were unspeakable will keep you reading without pause long into the night. The characters are brilliant. Wonderful book.
This was a very powerful novel.  I could feel the atrocities that the sisters and others endured.  It made me look at how lucky we are that people like them who took great risks to their lives made it possible for Hitler's defeat and for us to live in a free world.
Vivid sensory pictures; characters who are extremely believable in their complexities and inconsistencies; fast-paced storyline based (unfortunately) on historical events. Kristin Hannah is an exceptionally skilled writer. I look forward to reading her other works.
This book,  which I listened to while driving,  gives one of the best descriptions of occupied Fracne in WW2.  Even though it is fictional,  every teacher who teaches this section in history should require it be read. I have not been this into a book for some time.
Although this is a work of fiction, it nevertheless evocatively captures the full extent of life in occupied France in WW11 in which collaborators and the resistance movement played their respective roles against a ruthless background of repression and deprivation.
What a wonderful and touching book.  The stories of both sisters were so sad and courageous at the same time.  I really gave me a full picture of how devastating war is.  I truly enjoyed reading this book.  May all of us one day be as courageous as the Kightingale.
This was an excellent, well written story of a French sisters in occupied France during WW II.  Ms Hannah tells the story quite well and gives us insight into the ways the family try to protect one another while participating in the Resistance.  I highly recommend.
I'm almost finished. This book details the German occupation in France and the horrific treatment of the Jews as well as French. There are relationship issues between family members and outsiders. Thank goodness for the brave soldiers from America and Great Britain
I read books about WW II often. This book is beautifully written with a great story about women who were heroes. I'm sure there were women like Isabelle and ViAnne during the war, and many that were heroes just to survive. Thank you Ms. Hannah for remembering them.
This book had a lot of details of bravery, loss, and especially hope in a war torn period of French and German history during World War II.  The ending has a few twists that make this an especially good read. It's well written and factual.  I'd highly recommend it.
Even though it is a fiction book, I can't help but think that it was very true to what life was like at that time. What people can think to do to others, is beyond my comprehension. I don' t know if I would have been so brave, I would like to think that I would be.
What a great captivating story! Had me on the edge of my seat the whole way through, the details were amazing. At some points, where the war details were thick, I would swear I could smell everything Hannah was describing. What a great war story with a little love!
There are so many books written about what happened during World War II and the holocaust but none better than this one. This is also the best Kristin Hannah book I've read. I couldn't put it down. I felt like I knew all the characters. It would make a great movie.
Wonderful book about the difficulties of war and how tragedy can bring people and families together. The courage and sacrifice that these 2 sisters discovered about themselves in the midst of WWII is heart-wrenching and inspiring at the same time. A Wonderful read!
Everything that happened in occupied France during World War II was rolled up into one story.  I could 'see' the story in my mind's eye....I could feel it....I cried buckets. This book should be required reading (along with UNBROKEN).  May I never forget this book.
This was a wonderful, emotional book. Looking at France during the Nazi occupation - mostly from the side of the women and children left behind when their husbands were sent to the German camps. The story of those who worked to help the Jews and others was amazing.
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah--  I feel like I just got home from a long trip. This book was amazing --beyond words. An emotional rollercoaster but worth every tear. Women's battle during war is very seldom told. This story is about the power of women. Xxxoooo
A book like this is a rarity; a true treasure. I loved every minute of it and didn't want it to end.  There are lots of reviews here, so I'm not going to elaborate on all its attributes and story details. But I do implore you to read it. You won't be disappointed.
What a beautiful story of one of the most horrible time in history. The characters were well developed and truly human. Sometimes, even in a great story, the ending is so quick and abrupt. This ending was at a good pace and finished all the loose ends. I LOVED it.
Thought provoking, moving, all encompassing story. I was so involved with each of the characters, Kristin does a tremendous job of bringing everything to life. The true reality of the story comes out and it is something you could not fathom. Deeply, deeply moving.
I love historical novels especially when I can further research events and places that a novel introduces me to. I liked the story of the Nightengale, however, I was disappointed when I discovered that the French town where the characters live is not a real place.
Another great story by Kristin Hannah! Her writing continues to evolve and mature…actually quite amazing. In a way, this book popped her out of her pattern (that's how I see it anyway). Even though I've loved all Kristin's stories, this one touched me most deeply.
It's a story of how love can overcome hate. A heartbreaking story of war and how people can be brave despite unimaginable fear and cruelty. The characters draw you in and your heart races while you hope against hope that they survive and can hold onto one another.
I would give this a 10 star review if I could.  I was born after the war and this book took me back to experience how it was to live through WWII in a Nazi occupied country.  It changes your view of what hard times really is.  It makes you proud to be an American.
I absolutely loved this book. The author tells a story of love and triumph, betrayal, defeat and how in the end love us what matters. Thank you for showing me the hardships and suffering World War II brought to a nation of people that change the course of history.
I really enjoyed this book. There were times when I had to take a break because the subject matter was so depressing. Anything about the Holocaust upsets me. But then I couldn't wait to get back to it to find out what happens to all the characters. Very good book.
This book was gripping. I couldn't put it down. The author did a great of of showing humanity in the characters. Plus the history of the war was good to revisit in the sense of realizing the many heroes and survivors that went through the horror. We must remember.
Another wonderful book in which Kristine sweeps the reader away into each of the characters. She also has the ability to keep the reader in suspense throughout the entire story. This is one book that will leave readers questioning "what would I have done".
This book was incredible. One of the best historical fiction books of all time. I couldn't put it down. Ms Hannah puts the reader right in the middle of the characters lives. We the readers feel almost as if we are part of the family of Isabel and Vianne's family.
I loved this book.  I am something of a WW II buff and have read quite a few books about the war.  The setting, characters and story line in this book are beautifully written.  You will not be disappointed in this book.  It is a true testament to the human spirit.
WW2 story from occupied France and the women left behind to fend for themselves. The writing was very good, fast moving, I didn't want to put it down.  It really made you think and feel for the generation that went through this  and what they had to do to survive.
a wonderful story...beautifully written about the saga of two sisters in World War 11 France.....very graphic and heart wrenching in parts....the story of their abiding love, despite their very different personalities....one of the best books I have ever read.....
Excellent, moving story. I really didn't want to read another novel about World War II, but I heard this was terrific--and it was. The characters are as vivid as if they could walk off the page, the pain and reality of war so alive and heart rending--a must-read.
I love historical fiction, and the characters each had their flaws and strengths developed.  Though the subject matter was very hard, I enjoyed seeing how the characters were developing under extreme hardships and oppression.  Each in their own way became a hero.
I was with them every step of the way - what a wonderful gift Kristin has given us!<br/>Written with wisdom, and strength, and love.  Thank you Ms Hannah for sharing their journeys with us, and giving us insight into this so-little-talked-about aspect of of WWII
It took me a bit to be able to write this review, simply because of the raw emotion it made me feel. Truly one of the best books I've ever read! Although fictional, it includes factual events in history that we must not forget. I can't recommend it highly enough!
This was a wonderful story I enjoyed every moment and found it hard to put down and then couldn't wait to pick it back up. In the end I could not stop crying for all the people that endured this horror. One of the best books I have read. Thank you for writing it.
My first book by Kristin Hannah but won't be my last.  The best book I have read in the past year.  Became fully immersed in the book and at times had a hard time letting go of it and coming back to reality.  This is a book that will stay with me and not many do.
A fast paced page turner cannot put it down book. Hannah writes in such a way that she draws the reader right into the story  One feels as if one is right there... Not there as an observer but rather as a participant along with the characters.  A terrific book!!!
The Nightingale was fabulous!  I always fall in love with Kristin Hannah's characters.  This book was no different.  It was a little slow at first, but after about 30%, I couldn't put it down.  If you enjoyed The Winter Garden, you will also like The Nightingale.
I was so deeply moved by this story of struggle during the invasion of France by the German nazis. They were more ferocious than I even imagined. The strength of the women left behind and the love that kept them going was truly u be<br/>Is able. I loved the book
This story takes places in German occupied France.  The "Nightingale" is a resistance fighter and fearless. Other family members are brave also. As the war winds down, the Germans become more cruel--not surprising, but horrifying.  I couldn't put it down.
This book has been on my to read list for awhile. I am so glad I finally did. It is a truly heartbreaking, uplifting story of love and the human spirit surviving against the greatest evil and against all odds. Please don't let it sit as long on your to read list.
Very good story and an interesting take on world war ll from a French village wife's pov.  The story got just a little tedious about 2/3 of the way thru and the events got slightly over the top.  But overall worth a read especially if you like historical fiction.
This was a riveting  story to listen to on audible while I walked my dog or did mindless housework . I found the most interesting aspect was the in-depth experience of  French women who struggled through the Nazi occupation of Paris and surroundings  during WWII.
This book is a special book, offering insights into the lives of these sisters in occupied France WWII, living through unimaginable trials.  I came to love these women and found them to be courageous beyond what they thought they could do!  They were inspiring :)
Wonderful and interesting stages of the people, families, and war that affected the world. Must read to learn about the importance of people and how they had the influence to gain strength, courage, and the will to live each day and affect the outcome of the war.
The characters were well developed all through the book.  I found myself picturing them and sharing their trials and tribulations.  Learning about the agony of the French citizens in a small town,  I hadn't anticipated,  and it broadened my mind about the French.
I couldn't wait to read Kristen Hannah's latest book. I just couldn't put it down. It became an emotional read for me. I recomend this book to anyone who is interested in the second world war. Survival, sacrifice, unconventional love and a somewhat happy ending:)
This was a story about a time of great horror and a story of love bravery and family relationships. I hope many people read this novel and never forget the evil of the Nazis and the heroics of the people who tried to save the lives of soldiers and Jewish children
Excellent depiction of two French sisters and their father experience when the Nazis conquered France.  I felt the experience as if I was the person sharing her experience.  And the difficult, distant relationship with their father who was traumatized during WW1.
This is a story of how war affected the French people. It is a story you don't always hear about. The story was brilliantly written and captured your attention. There were times when you wanted to read on and there were times when it was too hard to read further.
Kristin Hannah never disappoints.  This was a heartbreaking, but uplifting story at the same time.  This book will remind you of what is truly important in life and really makes you appreciate the horrible struggles of those living through a war.  Very inspiring.
Well written and thoughtful tale that gives the reader enough detail to describe the trials of such an awful period in our history but still manages to capture the hope and human will that defines the lives of two sisters during the war.  Truly enjoyed this book!
The Nightingale was a wonderful book. The first time in years I spent crying off and on during the last couple of chapters. The first time I realized not only the Jewish people suffered but to the extent that all citizens suffered when once occupied by the Nazis.
One of the best books I've read in a very long time. Isabelle-strong, fearless, heroine, beautiful-I'm still bawling for her.  I couldn't put it down. At the end, I was surprised, devastated, shocked. Evil really exists. I feel empty. Go read it and let's discuss
One of the best books I've read in a while and I've been doing a lot of reading.  This makes me want to develop a class about World War II using novels.  This along with All The Light We Cannot See have inspired me to learn more about this time period in Europe.
Couldn't put my iPad down!  Loved it!  As I was crying my eyes out, I realized how blessed I am to have never faced adversity like these two sisters faced!  I would have liked to know a little more about how she arrived in America.  I felt there was a gap there.
This was a very well written story, as was All the Light We Cannot See, also written by Hannah. They both held my attention well with her great attention to detail. Both books were a bit sad/tragic, and now I'm hoping to read one that is a little more uplifting.
The Nightingale was an amazing depiction of two sisters lives uprooted and destroyed by war. Yet in the end it is their realization of love and soul that enable them to survive.  What an experience to read this story. Emotionally engaging. Riveting. Captivating.
Not very good. I've read much better WWII stories, much better.  The writing was juvenile, plot flimsy and the ending predictable.  Not memorable in the least for me.  I won't be reading anything else by this author if this one is rated so high by her following.
I found this to be a rich novel of relationships and resilience.  I thought the characters were well drawn and interesting.  Kristin Hannah has a deft hand at stories of modern relationships under tremendous stress, and now she also excels at historical fiction.
This is by far one of the best books I have ever read. The author has delivered the characters who are both complex, real and exciting. You really get to know and understand their actions. This is an unusual novel of insight, suspense, and character development.
It was not what I had expected.  I thought I was familiar with the author, but found I was not and was quite disappointed upon reading the book.  It was interesting to view World War Two from a European Country and compare the USA during the same period of time.
Wasn't sure what to expect. I thought another holocaust novel. I was greatly surprised. I loved every minute of it, and didn't want it to end.  I really enjoyed how the story was intertwined between the two sisters and all came together in the end. A superb read
One of the best in recent fiction!  The plot revolves in WWII occupied France.  2 Sisters have to survive & help the resistance. The writing is lyrical & beautiful, w/ metaphor & simile in fine execution.  I liked this book so much, I was sad to come to the end.
This is a book that makes you proud to be an American!!  Heartbreaking,  but joyful.  Great family lives,  just trying to stay alive.  Its written around the Holocaust and WWII.<br/><br/>Please read this novel!!  Absolutely on the readers bucket list!!  Enjoy!
Life in a small French village during WEll comes alive in The Nightingale.  Strong women, sisters, tell the story of the lives they lived as part of the French Resistance during the occupation of France by the German Nazis. Riveting--a "cannot put it down" book.
Beautifully written. Capitivating.
Recreating the horror of WW2 must be an exhausting experience. Kristin Hannah do so with beautifully depicted yet sympathetically portrayed ghastly experiences of innocent victims of war. Collateral damage. The strength of the human spirit never fails to amaze.
Loved this book. Hearttrending but ultimately hopeful. I felt like I was living in France during WWII. Not many books have transported me this way. Definitely couldn't put it down. Really surprised as this was not the type of book Kristin Hannah usually writes.
This was good book, but it was too predictable. Seems like it could have been written by others, if given an adequate amount of background material.<br/>It never said if it was based on a real person, or just an approximation of what some women did in the war.
This book I found withn e-books was described as a war novel. I wasn't sure if I like it. Within one chapter I was extremely into the world of the main character.<br/>The book is hard to stop reading and everything you read comes alive to you . Love the book .
All I can say is "wow!" This book is a must read. I am so glad my book club chose this as their monthly book selection. It definitely deserves 5 stars. Actually I would give it more than 5 stars if I could. Please do yourself a favor and read this book.
If there were more stars I would give them all to this book.It tells of the hard ships that the French people had to go through when the Germans took over there country.I did not want to put this book down it is one of the best books I have ever read.<br/>Rich
I really liked this book.  The author Kristin Hannah brought the war to life giving us a clear picture of life in war-torn France.  I was able to establish real empathy with the characters and found tears in my eyes at times.<br/>I could not put this book down
Once I finished reading this book I was sad that there was no more to read. Out of the many holocaust books I've read this one stood out because of the bravery of the women characters who were not Jewish. It is a story full of love, tragedy, hope, and survival.
Oh my.  This is undoubtedly the most engrossing incredible book I've read in a very long time.  I can't imagine how hard it must have been to write considering how hard it was to read parts of it.  Thank you Kristin for providing this wonderful, touching story!
The best book ever by Kristin Hannah and I have read them all. I cried numerous times as I was drawn into WW 2 France and the strength and survival of women during that era. Better than any history class or women's lib. Love this book and will Always recommend!
This is an Epic journey of two very different women trying to survive World War II. I laughed and cried and felt for these two fictional characters by an author I had never read. I can't say enough about how good this was. Recommending to book club immediately.
First of all - very well written. This was my first book by this author. I kept wondering if I would have the courage to be either sister. Very thought provoking. And a page turner. There are very few books I will read twice. This is one. I highly recommend it.
I don't usually write reviews,however this book certainly merits one. I have read many of Kristen Hannah's books but this one is certainly the best and one of the best I've read in years... It is a page turner and a wonderful story of loss and love and survival
I could not put this book down.  Beautifully written.
The personal tragedies of war are so very devastating. It is not possible to put yourself in someone's place unless it has happened to you. War is the most atrocious of humanity's behavior. Hannah writes this book with heartrending details that had me in tears.
I didn't want to put this book down. I loved the way the author depicted the characters, and felt like I was with them at every turn. The historical component was so believable. Of all the books to choose from, if you haven't read this one, you're missing out!
One of the most heart warming novels I have ever read. The love of two sisters worlds apart and how their love sustains through the ugliness of war. I recommend this book to all that know the strength it took to live through war and those who have never known.
A haunting beautiful page turner that will have you talking about the story to your friends.  A great book club suggestion.  Kristin Hannah did a wonderful job making the reader experience what these characters went through during WWII.  I absolutely loved it.
Best book ever written by Kristin Hannah! So little is written about the French experience in WW2,  and this book truly brings you into this time period. The characters are compelling and you are hooked page to page. This is a powerful book and is a must read.
I was not prepared for a love story but I guess that's what this book is all about. I was disappointed in that the nightingale angle was  not developed more. There was so much promise but sadly it didn't get there. Overall a good read but but very predictable.
A brilliant bold novel that will take you on an unexpected journey. This is a story from the perspective of 2 French sisters who sacrifice their lives to protect and aid  Jews during the Holocaust.  I could not put this one down! It is a very good historical fiction and I highly recommend it.
Saga of the German occupation of France during WW2 as experienced by two sisters cast adrift by family and fate.  Vignettes throughout the story, show examples of deprivation, persecution, death and resistance that represent the scope of the French experience.
Great story to the very end. It brought tears to my eyes just thinking that all the atrocities described in the book really happened during WW2. This was a very entertaining historical fiction account of what the Germans did to France. I didn't want it to end.
I was surprised by this book in so many ways and will recommend it to everyone. If you are a fan of historical fiction with an emphasis on relationships between women in hard times, what makes us tick and how we cope with adversity, this is the novel for you!!
I love historical fiction and I was not able to stop reading this book at the same time that I didn't want it to end. Told from the French resistance fighters point of view and what it was like to live in a Nazi occupied country. I'll read more Kristin Hannah.
This is such a well written story about life, love and how two sisters, in their own way and without the other's knowledge, risked their lives to help other people during the war. Emotionally difficult at times to read but well worth reading. I love this book!
I can't even begin to imagine how horrible it would be to live through the events of these times.  You feel like you are there, you feel the desperation they must have felt.  I will take a little of this book with me for a long time to come, very well written.
this book is a page turner..hard to put down. the story is totally engrossing and devastating. many scenes and detail are beyond belief but  nevertheless  well written..<br/>i highly recommend this book to everyone who thinks that they already know about ww2
This book helped me  understand the horrors of war. Brave men and in this case women helped win the war. Many innocent lives were lost. I think everyone should read and remember what war does to people. Manny will understand why so many are leaving Syria now.
This book tells in detail the horrors of WW II and the heroic acts of 2 sisters. Some parts were hard to read as they were so heart wrenching, especially about the Nazis and the concentration camps. Very horrifying to realize that such things really happened.
I was thoroughly captured by this intricate novel of these two sisters and their different journeys they faced during WWII. I couldn't stop reading and their stories stayed with me for days. I definitely recommend this heart wrenching and yet uplifting novel.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. The story is told in a beautiful manner and the author does an excellent job of bringing all story lines to a very satisfying conclusion. I enthusiastically recommend that everyone put this book on their must read list.
This book is hard to put down. The characters are real and the author makes you care about them. It will keep you guessing until the end. I didn't really want to read any more Hallocaust stories, but I am glad I didn't miss this one. She is a terrific writer.
It is a page turner.  A historical novel with such sadness and horror, but with such heart and love.<br/>I would recommend it to everyone.<br/>I gave it a 4 star rating because the story and characters were developed into very heart wrenching believability.
As an English teacher, I read a lot of books. A lot of books. This novel had some of the most beautiful writing I have read in years. The authors' unfolding of this story felt epic and nuanced. I highly recommend this book to anyone in search of a true story.
I learned quit a bit about France in WW2 by reading this well-written piece of historical fiction. Mystery portion is in the chapters taking place in the 1990s: which sister is in the nursing home? Enjoyed the female heroines and their own stories thoroughly.
Amazing book!<br/>Could not be better...<br/>Cried a lot and it's an excellent reminder when you complain about our small daily problems and struggles. What they went through it's unbelievable. Can not put myself suffering like that. Thank you Mrs. Hannah!!
This book is one that should be read by all those who lived through WW<br/><br/>This book should be read by all those who lived during WWll and were blessed to be living in the USA at that time.  It is powerful picture of what French citizens had to endure.
This is my first Kristin Hannah novel and I am hooked!  Very well written and an engrossing story.  I would defend if somehow she knew Tatiana as kids have rear Sarah's Key and she some influence.<br/>I will look forward to reading more of Kristin's novels!.
I found this story to be very, very interesting.  I'm not much into reading about wars, but this book's description of WWII from two French sisters was compelling.  I had to keep reading even though they both struggled through extremely difficult life events.
Excellent book...Cried my way through many parts....Great description of this terrible period in history....How that war changed people in many ways...Where violence, cruelty, and obscene behavior can be seen and a matter of survival is central to this story.
This was one of those books that as I'm reading it I was thinking of all the people I would tell about it.  Great story.  I even went back into Amazon to read the bad reviews.  I liked the book so much I had to see what people that didn't like it didn't like.
By far Kristen Hannah's BEST book she has ever written.  I could not put it down - yet not wanting it to end. It's thought provoking, heart wrenching and incredible.  What a movie this would be.... keep writing Kristen Hannah - I am amongst your biggest fans!
I was completely engrossed in this book. As the daughter of a German Jew that escaped to the US, I didn't know all that much about the French Resistance.  This book filled in the gaps for me.  I think even more highly about Kristen Hannah after reading this.,
This book was so good.  Not for readers looking for happy happy happy.  But very enjoyable , especially for those of us older and enjoying nostalgia.  Realizing the hardships experienced by another generation is so important, though at times hard to realize.
A wonderful story of two sisters who endure the horrors of the German occupation of France during World War 2.  Beautifully narrated and descriptive, it brings the sister's personalities and experiences to life in vivid detail.  Could not put this book down.
Author creates a vivid picture of the struggles for survival of the people in a small town during WWII occupied France.  The characters portrayed<br/>show examples of strength, determination and self sacrifice in order to successfully fight for their cause.
It's been awhile since I have really enjoyed a book. This was the exception. The story was very real and interesting. Emotional. The characters very real. My heart broke for them and what they went through. I read this book quickly and enjoyed every minute.
Couldn't put it down.  You hear and read so much about the soldiers in WWII, but nothing much about the people most affected by the war in France , Italy and even Germany.  What a struggle they had!  Makes you think - it could happen here.  Are we prepared?
This book is so beautifully written, my only regret it that I finished it...I wanted to just keep being a part of this beautifully crafted tale. The characters were so vividly drawn: Imperfect, real, courageous, cowardly. It kept me up at night. I loved it.
For those of us born after the horrors of war, this book and others of the era are interesting and informative. Even though only a novel, one s use gets the idea of how terrible it was for everyone during that time. Loved the book and would recommend highly
This is a beautiful story of love, courage and the most horrific hardships we cannot even imagine.  The atrocities of the war come to life, but, also the endurance and unbelievable strength of the women who were heroes doing their part to make a difference.
Historical fiction at its best. The differences and then the similarities between the two sisters as the events and their relationship develops was what I liked best. The ending was different from what the glimpses into the present would lead one to expect.
I have read several of Kristin Hannah's books in the past.  This was different for her.  I was very moved by this story and how it was written.  It had a profound impact on me, almost as much as when I visited Auschwitz years ago.  Definitely a 5 star book.
Well written compelling story about life during the Nazi occupation of France. Story centers around two sisters and their family and friends as they focus on survival.<br/><br/>Excellent story with strong female characters. Definitely recommend this book!
I was hi-hum about reading another tale from World War II, but this story is told from a completely female perspective, and is well written.<br/>While it doesn't break any new ground, it does highlight the roles and perils of European women during the war.
This is an excellent book, but it is dark and reveals the horrors of the second world war through the eyes of the French non-jews. It reveals heroes who I never was aware of. Though it was fiction it was based on the facts. Worth the read if you are hearty.
I loved this book. It is both tragic and wonderful. I know the author must have spent hours and hours researching. She has done an amazing job. I will remember Vianne and Isabelle for a long, long time. Posted by Ruth White, author of Diary of a Wildflower.
My daughter recommended this book to me and I loved it.  Hurrah for this author who took the time to create such an interesting story.  It made me cry a lot because I cared about the characters I came to know so well.  It's obvious Kristin did her homework.
I feel like I have lived the civilian French experience in WWII. I cared about all the characters and none were shallow or unreal. My husband is reading it now and I really understand why he doesn't want to do anything but read. It affected me the same way.
This was an amazing book ..  I have read quite a few books by Kristin Hannah over the years  which I have thoroughly enjoyed .. however, this was so engrossing I couldn't put it down.  I hope more like this one come my way.  Congratulations to the author ..
I have never been more drawn to and moved by a novel. While obviously fiction, this story digs into the depths of an untold reality. War touches and changes everyone, and it isn't just the brave soldiers who fight that come home forever scarred. Speechless!
A very good story giving insight to the historical drama and tragedy of WWII, told through the eyes of women.  I appreciated that these characters were shown to have flaws and we could see them grow.  It also demonstrated the power of tragedy to see growth.
A well written story covering a part of recent history that we tend to forget and need a reminder. I enjoy her books because she not only entertains us with a good read but also gives us a gentle nudge to rethink and re-evaluate situations in peoples lives.
The Nightingale is very well-written with deep character development that is profoundly felt. A highly compelling but tough read. Stayed up late multiple nights to finish it, and the story of survival and courage during WWII will not leave me for some time.
A beautifully written work.  I learned so much about France during WWII.  I didn't know of the suffering and abuse the French women endured.  The two sisters displayed great courage, resourcefulness, and love.  I have recommended this book to many friends.
Lovely written book that captured  all the pain and fear that living in France during the Nazi occupation entailed  It was also a bittersweet tale of finding love. I only wish the author had written what had happened to Antoine and why the family moved to the USA.
I felt very close to this story being a child  of holocaust survivors.  I among others did not realize the atrocities that happened in France were similar to those of Poland and Austria where my parents were born<br/>The ending s twist added to the story.
Even as an avid and critical reader, The Nightingale is the best book I've picked up in many months. It beautifully strings together stories of abandonment, fear, courage and survival. The writing is vivid and the narration quick but detailed. A must read.
I love when a book grabs me early on, as did this one.  The story was gripping, insightful, and had me captivated to the end.  My dad was in France at the end of WW II, which added to the interest.  Loved this well-written story based on historical events.
This story was so captivating and interesting. I couldn't stop reading and at various times was moved to tears. It is hands down my new favorite book (replacing Unbroken). I highly recommend to anyone with interest in a touching story centered around WWII.
One of the best books I've read.  Reliving the horrors of WWII with two sisters in France was so vividly real. . . heartbreaking!!  I felt like I was there with them - the narrative was so compelling . . . found it very difficult to put down.  Excellent!!!
Well written: absent cliches; coveys the gore of Nazi Germany without going to porn.  Well balanced and conveyed the futility of the captives in occupied France with the pragmatism of some and intrepid will of others depending on each person's personality.
This book is the best I have read in a long time.  It does require a box of tissues so keep them near you.  It makes one wonder how we would cope if faced with the devastation of our lives.  As one character states "Men tell stories; women get on with it."
One of the best books I have read. Extremely well written - well researched, great plot and excellent character development. It is the only book I have read that captures what it must have been like for French women to live in occupied France during WWII.
A powerful book.  One that was hard to put down. Magnificent descriptions. The portrayal of what the French people went through during WWII was heart wrenching. This book should be on the reading list of every high school.  It is a must-read for everyone.
I resisted reading this for a long time, but finally gave in.  It was wonderful. A different view of WW II, Nazi occupation, with well-developed characters. It struck me as a great story of hope, determination and resilience.  I would highly recommend it.
This book was one of the best books I have EVER read!  I was caught up in the plot, the characters, and the history behind it.  Being born in 1939,  I have memories of WWII, and the story seemed so real to me.  I hope the book will someday become a movie!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I found it hard to put down.  I thought the characters were well defined and interesting. Differing in their motivations, each person ultimately fought the Natzis in their own way. I would recommend this book - definitely!
Beautiful story.  I never realized how many true heroes of that awful war were brave women and children who endured so many hardships to protect their families. Humbling. Kristin always captures her story and "puts you in the places she is writing about".
Kristin Hannah always has made me feel her story. This is about France in WWIi. You really can feel what all the people that lived in France went through and why they made their choices. This story will be with you long after you have finished reading it.
This book was not only one I couldn't put down but a story of the horrors the French people and Jews were put through during the war. Kristin Hannah describes the suffering and sacrifices the families endured and the brave acts of Isabelle and her family.
Excellent- didn't want it to end!
An extraordinary story of two extraordinary sisters who took the challenge of helping others at a time when such actions could cost them their lives. A well written story of sacrifices for the benefit of others and for the fulfillment of their own souls.
By far the best book I've read in a long time! I can't even describe why it was so good because there are too many reasons. Informational, sorrow, struggle, terror, love are just some of the words that come to mind after reading this book. A must read!!!
I found it authentic and believable, yet frightening in the events that occurred.. However I know that these things happened in World War II.  The characters were very strong, but you had no idea what would happen next. Well thought out historical novel.
A little bit over descriptive in many places but gives an excellent account of the German occupation of France and the Vichy French.  I would suggest that if you have not read "Sara's Key" to read it for a better understanding  of the occupation.
Kristin Hannah developed her characters with exceptional detail and emotional tugging with each page turned.  Her talent to keep the reader right to the last page is why I like her novels.  It was a terrific read for our book club with all participating.
I found The Nightingale to be a wonderful, yet painful read. The inhumanity of war and the pain it causes is brought home to the reader again and again.  At the same time the  humane acts of individuals give one a sense of hope. A book worth remembering.
Even though I have read many novels about the German occupation of France, this story of two very different sisters was so compelling that I couldn't put it down.  I was totally caught up in that time and in their challenges and could identify with both.
I loved the characters and the period of history this story takes place. Kristin Hannah does a wonderful job of bringing you back to a place in time of history that you may want to know more about! Great read anxious to discuss it at bookclub this month!
As usual Kristin Hannah writes a story that is so real it breaks your heart and makes the characters come to life.  This story of a time that saw such horrific cruelty also has glimpses of love and kindness.  This was my favorite story by Kristen Hannah.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book, & feel the author captured the WWII scene in France & Germany. The horrors experienced & deprivation were covered in a manner which allowed the reader to truly realize the reality of the situation these people were facing.
Love this book I was in tears at the end. I'm a big ww2 fan, and all the history incorporated in this novel is correct down to every detail. The plot is great, the characters are relatable, I thought everything about it was fantastically well written!!!
I loved this book!!  A very easy read that has you wanting to read more......a little of everything  tragedy, war, overcoming adversity, love, etc.  I would definitely recommend to anyone who likes historical fiction or anything to do with world war II.
Interesting....clear writing style....stark, brief, effective description of concentration camp....I enjoyed the nonlinear plot development and the realistic family tension between the sisters and the sisters and their father.  The ending was satisfying
I wasn't sure if I was going to like this book. However the more I read, the more I could not put it down. What a great book. I guarantee you will not be able to stop reading. Great book if you are on a diet, as you won't even want to take time to eat!!
This was a good quick read that didn't disappoint. I don't usually care for books about war, but this one rivals the human interaction and heartfelt moments of "The Book Thief". I would recommend this book to those who have an interest in France or WW2.
This is a historical novel set in France's during the second world war.  A story of two sisters and what happens to each.  This story has suspense, romance, lose and wonderful narrative that makes you relate to the lives of these very different sisters.
I love this book. It was informative, it was exciting and scary and frightening and horrifying because of the times, I feel like I know the characters, and I mourn for the ones that didn't make it. What a beautiful book. I'm sorry I finished it so fast.
Absolutely a must read. I adored this book .I m tears eyed while writing this . It is so unbelievable that people survived the borrows of Hitler's war . This is a story that high schoolers should ' read. This truly makes one appreciate the life we have.
First thing I would like to point out is that Kristen Hannah is an amazing talented writer and I am so overjoyed that she shares this talent with the world.  Secondly, I loved this book, everything about it the characters, the story line, the history!!!
A story that pulls you and plants you in France before, during and after World War 11!<br/>The characters of the story come to life and take you through the evilness of War and<br/>Their fight to survive unimaginable pain and horror!<br/>A must read!
Totally taken into tote narrative by the author who describes the war bluntly, yet weaves in the beauty of the scenery of Paris and the countryside. Through the suffering of the main characters we are taught what sacrificial love really means. Read it!
I loved this story. It could have been a true story too with everything Isabelle did to help out her French friends. I like to read any historical stories about the war. This was a real page turner. Had lots of sad and happy moments. An excellent read.
While not bad, this book takes an interesting subject and reduces it to a check list of plot points.  Good German? check.  Evil SS officers?  Check.  Collaborators? Check.  fraternizers? Check.  Ration cards and hunger? Check.  A very light beach read.
One of the best books I have ever read. It will keep you on the edge of your seat, not allowing you to set it down. It is also very sad and makes you think about how view your day to day. The love and sacrifice in this book is amazing. Its a must read!
This story of 2 sisters during the Nazi occupation of France showed a side of WW2 that i was not familiar with from some uniquely feminine perspectives.  I found it to be an engaging read that keeps drawing you in with the parellel lives of the sisters
Enjoyed this book immensely. So different than her usual Seattle based teenager books but great character development and a really interesting story. There are many war stories and it always amazes me when you read one from an entirely different angle.
Emotionally riveting. True to life story of two French sisters during World Two.  Nice to see two women with such different stories become heroines during a time when when it was so difficult to have the courage to be one. Great role models for anyone.
Inspiring read!  You will fall in love with this incredible family and feel their emotions as their lives unfold and carry the reader with them to find in the end that love and family will bring us through the good and bad!  Highly recommend this book!
This book was an excellent read. I would rate this on par with Winter of the World or Pillars of the Earth. Although a bit soap operish in parts, It drew emotion based on actual events during the Halocaust, but from the French perspective.  Great read.
This was a wonderful story about two sisters during the war -- about the sacrifices they made and the evil they endured.  This story would make a great television series or mini-series.  It is well worth reading and most definitely deserves five stars.
I could not put this book down is was so good. It made you feel like you were right there in France during the war. The last couple of chapters of the book took me forever to finish as I could not stop crying. I would recommend this book to everyone!!!
I loved this book.  I had a hard time putting it down.  The author kept the identity of the narrator a secret until the very end, and the ending was wonderful.  It reminded me of "The Storyteller" by Jodi Picoult, which is one of my all time favorites.
I'm still crying. Of course because of the book, but also because now I'm not there anymore, with Vianne and Isabel. I actually would set aside the book for a couple of hours at a time, because I didn't want it to end.  Highly recommend.  It's perfect.
Never have I read a book about WWII (and I have read many) that has touched me so.  Maybe because Kristin Hannah did such a wonderful job of telling the story from what the women in France endured during the German occupation and life after liberation.
The Nightingale was a good read. We are so grateful for people who stand up for what they believe in. War is hard, and we need to be reminded of the sacrifices made for humanity. Even in difficult times, love can and will survive. We need to remember.
Usually, I am able to read books effortlessly but lately I had been having difficulties finding a  novel that I could finish, until I read an excerpt of, The Nightingale. The story telling and the lovely writing style was just what I had been missing.
This was a story about the French Resistance during WW II and the lives it touched. I knew very little about the history of occupied France and the men and women who saved so many American lives, as well as others in this terrible part of our history.
I loved every minute of reading this book.  It focuses a lot on the cruelty of WW II for those under German occupation in France.  The characters were heroic.  It was overwhelming to read about the suffering and risks that people endured.  Great book!
So different from other Kristin Hannah's good books. Sad and inspiring at the same time. I learned so much about the French Resistance and the women who gave so much. Couldn't put it down. Within minutes her characters came alive. Recommend it highly.
This was a phenomenal book! I was torn because I couldn't put it down but I didn't want it to be over. It's tragic and beautiful with a very unexpected ending. It is a story of women and families left behind during the war and what they do to survive.
Another winner. Different than any other book I have read by Ms Hannah but really enjoyed the history and sense of the times.
This was a very interesting novel. I believe it is the first time I have read a book that dealt with the female citizens trying to deal with a occupation of t he enemy. The characters were well developed allowing you to feel their emotions. Good read!
This is a family's story of survival during World War II.  It is built within the terrible atrocities handed out by the Germans,.  We learn of the strength of the French and the unbearable circumstances under which they lived.  It is a very good read.
I thought the book was very well done.  It puts you into the German occupation of France through the eyes of a disjointed, but courageous family.  A father and two daughters.  Happy times and sad times.  I strongly recommend "The Nightingale".
This book was amazing! It is a page turner for sure. The characters and the story stayed with me. I love books like that, the ones that while you read it, you can see it like you are watching a movie, and then you still think about it weeks later!!!!
I loved the story about women in war and how they survived.  I liked the fact that there were two German characters, one cruel and brutal and the other gentle and kind.  Above all, this was a story of love; l learned more about the French Resistance.
The best I've read about this terrible time in world history. Could hardly put it down. Learned so much more than history books reveal. I will reread when I've digested all these pages so masterfully written. And enjoy it even more the second time!!!
Very excellent book.  I love Kristin Hannah's writing.  She is so passionate and descriptive.  The Winter Garden was another excellent book by this author.  It is our Book Club reader and will be interested in discussing it at our meeting this month.
This will always be one of my favorite books.  It was very hard to put down.  The quiet strength of two sisters during the Nazi invasion of France.  Men fight wars, but the women left behind hold the world together.<br/>I highly recommend this book!
Fantastic read.  While it was a fiction, it appear to be very factual.  It helped me learn much about the period during WW II, which happened before I was born.  Wonderful book for a book for discussion group,with so many major characters to discuss.
Wow , what a story ! Kristin Hannah captures a different perceptive by focusing on two sisters that have a tumultuous relationship during WW11. It is a riveting and heart-warming story and one that I will long remember. Have plenty of tissues handy !
Excellent historical fiction of German occupation of France in WW II.  Graphic description of treatment of Jewish citizens in captured countries of Europe, food shortages, and French resistance efforts to form underground and fight German occupation.
An interesting drama about WW2 - just when you thought you had read everything there is on WW2 - this new story brings to life an aspect that I had never heard about or read before - the underground network and journay.  Incredibly emotional as well.
This is a story of  women in the French Resistance during the German occupation of France during World War II. It tells the incredible story of two sisters, spanning fifty years. This is historical fiction at its best, a book to cherish and remember.
After rather a slow start, this was a gripping tale.  A graphic picture of life iin France under the Nazis.  I have friends who went through that, and they don't speak about it - I can see why.This was a satisfying read, with well crafted characters.
I really liked this book. It was gripping. I could not put it down. The writing is very good. I learned a lot about World War Two and the effect it had in France. I appreciate the fact that this is written without bad language or detailed sex scenes.
A good read with historical facts mixed in. The absolute evil of Hitler and WWII is described from a French viewpoint. The difference that everyday people can make is part of the charm of this story. The story is heart wrenching and hard to put down.
I really enjoyed this book.  Yes, it is another World War II movie, but I learned a great deal about the sacrifices made by the underground resistance and it was very well described.  I could easily see this book being used as the basis for a movie.
A great book about the way in which two sisters were able to survive the German occupation of France. In all of my previous reading, I had never been supplied with a story about France--just the Eastern bloc countries-- during the war. So enjoyable!
Powerful, powerful writing and story.  I had to read a little and then put it down for awhile -- so intense, but in a good way.  This is the best book about the atrocities of WWII in Europe that I have ever read.  I will recommend it to many people.
Love. Love. Love this book. First time I ever tried this author and couldn't put the book down. Totally enjoyable. Would have liked to take it on vacation with me, to relish it all. Read at home, before bed. Good read. Very historical and enjoyable.
Once I got into it, this book was rich and rewarding.  Strong characters and an exciting, intricately woven story.  Gave me more insight into the plight of the French in WWII than I previously had.  Glad I read it, and I will recommend it to others.
Beautifully written. I loved, how the elderly lady goes back in time. I could not put the book down. My heart was racing, when I read some of the chapters. I was a child growing up in Europe during WW2, so this book really touched my heart and soul.
It is a rare book that captures my heart and is stored in my memory for many years.  This book is rare. Beautifully written with heart stopping moments it captures from the beginning and keeps hold of you throughout the journey.  Highly recommended.
It was a book that was hard to put down and kept your interest in finding out who was the sister living in the U.S.  It gave a personal account of what may have happened before the US entered the war, hard not to believe this was not a true account.
This is one of the few books I had a hard time "getting into."  One of my best friends told me to stick with it...and it was well worth the read!  However, neither of us came away knowing the solution to the mystery, which was disappointing.
I loved this book.  It was very well researched.  The story was powerful about the invasion of France by the Nazi's.  The horrors of war.  The characters were interesting.  The book was a page turner with suspense & wonders of what's happening next.
I enjoyed this book very much.  Always had a difficult time putting my kindle down.  The coverage of the German invasion of France was presented in a heartfelt way helping me to realize more fully how such a horrific war could have been carried out.
Wonderful book, shows the human spirit as well as how cruel people be to each other.  You will come away awed at what we as humans can endure.  Such a shameful time for the government of France to just roll over and let the Nazi's have their people.
This author always draws the reader into her stories and in this book she has outdone herself. The story and its characters are so believable you just do not want to put it down and I did not. Had to see how it ended, surprises! Five stars for sure!
Starts out slow but gets better and better.  Although this was a fiction book, the way war was portrayed in France, it makes it a wonder that governments throughout the world  would ever want their countries to go to war.  It's so incomprehensible!
Loved learning about the historical side of this book, but the fictional story side made me so sad to see it end. We hear so much about the men in the war, but learning about the contributions of the women and the children left behind was PRICELESS
The author was able too involve me in every situation. I was able to involve myself in every character either good or evil. Young people need<br/>To be reminded that terrible things happen when good<br/>People and nations stand by and do nothing.
As a reader of historical fiction, I highly recommend this book.  It is interesting, compelling, with fascinating characters.  Plot is complex enough to keep the reader wondering.  The descriptions of WWII in France were new to me, and informative.
Without doubt this is one of the best books I have ever read.  Eleven of us in a book club and for the first time, we all agreed on something.  We all thought this was an excellent book.  I recommend it without hesitation and without qualification.
Just finished this novel last night & didn't want it to end! The characters were so descriptive. I felt Isabelle's struggle with both her sister & father to be believable & cheered her in! Please write another novel as good as this one again! LOVE!
This should be required reading for all adults. It not only transports the reader to France during Hitler's occupation, but shows how strong love is, how strong people can become to protect and defend those that they love. This is a wonderful book!
Fascinating story that helps the reader to better understand how the Nazi's took over France in WW2.  I liked the insight that  were given into the Nazi solders occupying the French homes even when the family was still living there.  Loved the end.
Well written but am getting tired of WWII stories.  Having lived through WWII under the Japanese occupation, memories of similar death and torture will remain painful till the end of my days.  Nonetheless, "The Nightingale" is good reading.
Certainly one of the best books of this year.  I had not read any of Kristen Hannah's works prior to this, but will definitely do so going forward.  She writes beautifully and captures the feel of occupied France during the war.  I loved this book!
One of the best books I've read....ever.  Historical fiction at its finest.  This book will grip you from the very beginning.  Fascinating story line and told from a perspective that I have never heard before (regarding WWII).  This is a MUST read.
I loved Hannah's "The Winter Garden" and she did not disappoint with this novel.  The characters were wonderful and the story grand.  I couldn't wait to finish the book to see what happened but then was sad to have been done with the story.
This was the best book I have ever read.  What an education on what people suffered during the war.  Freedom is truly not free.  The story was so well written I could actually visualize the story as it was progressing.  This story touched my heart!
One of the best books I have read in a long while.  Beautifully written and descriptive enough that I felt that I was actually in France during the war.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone, particularly those who enjoy historical fiction.
Heartwrenching.......brought tears........thought provoking.  A story that brought a horrendous time  in our history to a level of understanding with individuals you cared about as well as as all the people that lived & died during this awful time.
Hanna has produced an excellent story, giving us the picture of what it was like to be French in the Nazi era.  Her writing is eminently readable, evoking images which light the imagination.  Her best book - looking forward to another one from her.
This book read like water falling over well-rounded rocks... smooth... beautiful. I found myself immersed, reading sentences several times just for the imagery and appreciation of life they brought to my experience. Lovely, on a backdrop of horror.
The plot was interesting and most likely historically accurate about life for the French during the Nazi occupation.  Some characters seemed to be stereotypes...and the dialogues over done. Nevertheless I enjoyed the story and the twist at the end.
This is an excellent book.  It's hard to read because it takes place in France during WWII when the Germans occupied France but it is well worth reading.  I highly recomend it.  Start reading it on the weekend because you won't want to put it down.
Had a hard time getting into it.
Well written but very sad story.
What a beautifully written book! One of the best I've read this year. Although I thought I was sick of World War II novels, this one had many new perspectives and an interesting plot. Highly recommend for those readers who appreciate good writing.
Love the characters.  The story was gripping.  World War 2 was brutal as are all wars.  I don't know how much of this book was factual but the story tears at your heart for how the people suffered.  The ending was wonderful!!  Highly recommend it.
She captured the beauty and brutality of the time perfectly. The characters are lovely and relatable and you just keep hoping that all will work out. A true testament to the sacrifices men and women made during World War 2. Poignant and marvelous.
I loved this book! This is a novel about two sisters in Nazi-occupied France and the paths they choose to deal with the changes in their lives. Memorable characters, absorbing plot, beautifully written- all the elements I look for in a great read.
What a wonderful, thought-provoking book;  I loved it and had a very hard time<br/>putting it down - so many different emotions surfaced while reading this book...<br/>the horror of the Nazi regime was so disturbing, but I couldn't stop reading.
One of the best books I have read!  Kristen describes each scene in such beautiful detail; you can taste the food, feel the pain, smell the surroundings. I was entertained, educated and moved to tears. Well done! I will be reading her other books.
Loved this book.  The characters were believable in an unbelievable situation.  This is the Holocaust from the eyes and experiences of 2 French sisters.  You become very involved in their lives and turn each page hoping they find a way to survive.
Kristin Hannah has written a fascinating story of two sisters in war-torn France during WWII. Her descriptions take you into their lives, where you experience their frustration and pain, their hope and determination. I couldn't put this book down.
I love Kristin Hannah's novels.  Nightingale was very suspenseful and I read it quickly.  However I really was disappointed in the ending.  I did not feel the ending was realistic after so much realism was depicted for occupied France during WWII.
This novel offers a fascinating glimpse into the French<br/>Resistance  movement and a sense of life under Nazi occupation of France during WWII.  The reader gets a good  history lesson framed by an interesting plot and sympathetic characters.  .
Kristen Hannah has the reader very involved in the times.  The story tells what is happening, how the mood changes,  and why.  Kristin makes it clear how each character developed in her own way.  I look forward to Hannah's next book.  Jean Freeman
Wonderful story that tells the various roles of of the French during the War both from the past and the present.  The characters are very real and believable and one becomes very involved with them and their various struggles!! Well worth reading!
What a beautiful story teller Ms. Hannah is. Her characters became my friends and my family. I felt their pain and their joy. Never before reading this book have I truly understood what life was like during WWII in France for the ordinary citizen.
Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors.  The holocaust was a horrible time in history.  Kristin did a tremendous job in telling the story.  This should be a must read for everyone.  We can be so thankful for the freedom we have at this time.
I loved this book.  I have read many re the occupation of enemy groups in a particular country.  This one kept my interest  all the time. I found it suspenseful - read in in two days.  I loved the characters.  I wish the end were a little happier.
Very emotional book and keeps ones interest to the very end.  Very well written!  I have recommended this book to many of my friends who feel the same as I.  Start reading this and you will not put it dowespecially of you like historical fiction..
Kristin Hannah has another amazing story with The Nightingale. It takes place in France during WWII and the French resistance. It's about forgiveness, the lengths people go thru to survive and most important love. I would high recommend this book.
Without a doubt, this is the best book I have read this year (and that is saying a lot)! Those of us who have never experienced war first hand will find the protagonists incredibly brave. This is a dynamite book that you won't be able to put down.
Disclosure: I'm just an average person who likes reading.  I do not know anything about writing or literary style or anything.<br/><br/>I'm conflicted about this novel.<br/><br/>It's an easy read and I finished it quickly.  I have not read any of her other novels (actually have not heard of her before reading this book).<br/><br/>I got this book because of the rave reviews.  I am very interested in WWII history but I figured since this book was fiction I wouldn't use it as a learning tool about the war.  I am also not a "chick lit" person.  I did enjoy the story, though.  It started out slowly but I was really gripped about halfway through (about the time Isabelle started making her perilous journeys).  The action and intrigue kept me reading.  Would they make it through the night? Would they be found?<br/><br/>The main part of the novel, specifically the family drama between the sisters and between them and the father didn't interest me much.  It seemed like a side plot or (very long) preview to the meat of the novel: the nightingale journeys.  I do not like that a romance story and family drama was interwoven using WWII as a backdrop.  It seemed almost disrespectful to me.<br/><br/>If you like "chick lit" and family stories, this book will pull at your emotions.  If you are looking for a story in the WWII era with accurate war details and characters actually representative of that time era, look elsewhere.<br/><br/>3.5/5, rounded down for some cliches
I could not put the book down and when I had to, I couldn't wait to get back into it. Hannah spins and exquisite story which she equally beautiful use of the English language. The Nightingale was the first book i've ever read by this fine writer.
Very engaging story.  Essentially about two sisters in occupied France during WWII and the trials each must endure.  Hannah builds some very interesting relationships delving into abandonment, love/hate, bravery, fear, betrayal, and more.  Enjoy!
What an exciting story, developed around WWII and the French Resistance.  The characters are well developed.  Suspense is always present in the fascinating and historically-relevant and accurate plot.  Well worth its 5 stars and anyone's reading.
Historical fiction has been my genre of choice the past few years, and this is up there with my favorites. Kristin Hannah is such an expert at allowing the reader to feel present in the story.  I savored this book, though it was hard to put down!
I usually don't read these types of books but I do love Kristin Hannah and requested it from the library and waited for it to come. I started to read it and couldn't put it down. What a tear jerker several times over and I'm not a crier. Amazing.
5 out of 5 stars! This is one of the best historical fiction novels I have ever read.  I loved the way the author made me feel the deprivation and panic and futility of the experiences of occupied France.  She kept me guessing until the very end!
I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend it. I can only pray never to be in similar circumstances, and the strength of character to always be true to what I know is right.<br/><br/>I couldn't put the book down and never wanted it to end.
Kristin Hannah:  A very eloquent writer, she captured my attention right away and I was unable to put this book down for any length of time until it was read completely.  Lots of tears, but well deserved.  Excellent imagery.  Highly recommended.
The Nightingale is a glance back to a horrible time in history.  With great detail and amazing vision, Kristin Hannah makes you feel you are there in the mist of it all. I was pleasantly surprised at the end. I couldn't get enough of this novel.
U hear the word war and u immediately think of destruction, death and hatred. Loved that this story was about the unseen heroes and that they were females. To read a story about survival and endurance and to truly understand the meaning of love.
This story was very well written! I didn't want to put it down. Very good story about a French father and two daughters before and during WWII. I was disappointed when I finished reading it. Will definitely look for more books by Kristin Hannah!
It's so important for us to understand the incredible sacrifices that were made by this generation and the horrific experiences that were forced upon them. Through it all they discovered the most important part of life was love and relationship.
Amazing and gripping story about two women's efforts to survive Nazi-occupied France during WW2, and their efforts to resist the Nazis each in their own way.  The end will surprise and touch your heart, one of the best books I've read this year!
Very personal in the brutality of the Nazi<br/>Victims. The longing for love by the sisters left  by their Father as children. The bravery of the two sisters to help in<br/>Wartime. A rather heart wrenching book<br/>That touches one 's heart.
I just read this book while I am in a difficult life transition.  While fiction, the stories of women bravely, constantly doing what is right - to protect their friends and family- has resonated deeply.  One of the few books I will be rereading.
I like historical fiction, especially those with strong women characters, and this WWII story does not disappoint. Suspenseful, heartwarming, and sometimes terrifying, this book was hard to put down. Well written and well worth any price. Enjoy!
This is one book I will not forget for a long time. Well written and a page turner...not a mystery type at all but historical in all aspects. I loved the characters. I loved the setting. I didn't want to end. What a gift this book is to readers.
This story of love and loss is written beautifully. I seem to avoid books of this type but I am so glad I read this wonderful story. I have no idea how people can endure so much and go on but the human spirit is a mysterious and wonderful thing.
Not a favorite.  I like to be a little uplifted when I read--not this time.  I would not pick this.  It is  book for book club.  Reminds me too much of 'Gone Girl', also not a favorite.
The story was intriguing, but I was disappointed to find the serious topic of the sufferings of was interspersed with "fluffy" descriptions of what the characters were wearing and doing their hair.  It took away from the realism for me.
A page turner from beginning to end.  Even when I did not want to continue reading because I knew I would be upset by the situation that was going to happen, I could not put it down.  Hannah tells a compelling tale in beautiful, vivid language.
I've never written a book review before, but this book is by far one of the BEST books I've ever read. There is so much emotion and feeling inn this book. You feel like you are right there in the war. Loved it and will recommend it to everyone.
I loved this book - this one will stay with me.  The nightingale tells presents the horrors of World War II through the voices of two sisters - one who is member of the French Resistance and one who remained at home, keeping her daughter safe.
I loved the book! Kristen Hannah has the talent to transform me to a time and place in history that I am able to practically live with the main characters.  I read Winter Garden many years ago and am still remembering the cold and lack of food.
I couldn't put it down. Characters made me feel I was in France. I could visualize them and on l y imagine their loss pain emotions and joys. And especially p specially strength. Women in war are often forgotten. This book brought them to life.
Kristen Hannah out did herself.  She brought her characters to life.  I understood both Vianne and Isabel.  I felt all the emotions that these two sisters were going thru.  Make sure you have plenty of tissues when you read this wonderful book.
This is a fascinating account of the occupation of France by the Germans during WWII.  There are so many stories of that horrible time and this is one with a twist, but still unbelievable account of what happened and the survival of such a few.
This is a really great book. The author has taken it up a notch. Good plot. Fast moving. Lots of suspense. Good historical fiction. I really like the 2 other books I read of hers but this one is superior. One of the best books I have ever read.
This journey through France during WWII through the eyes of Isabelle and Vianne is heart wrenching and fraught with unwavering bravery. I couldn't put it down. I love Kristin Hannah and she has taken me on another nail biting ride. A must read.
This is the first book I've ever read by Kristin Hannah and I have to say it is one that will not be forgotten. This book is heartbreaking but so beautifully written. You will fall in love with the strength and will of both Isabelle and Vianne.
If I could give this novel 10 stars, I would.  It is a remarkable read.  Not much more to say then to just purchase a copy, plan on giving up anything else you had planned to do that day, find a comfortable spot, and read.  It is that riveting!
Great book!  Language is so full of beautiful imagery; story line is one of love, loss and redemption.  Highly recommend it-was one of book club's favorites!  Sending it to my daughter in California to read-can't wait to hear her thoughts.....
Saving graces come in all shapes and sizes. This spellbinding historical fiction of occupied France during WWII uses narrative and flashback to show the both the personal and military impacts of supporting one's country. Thoroughly enjoyed it!
Read many books on WWII.  This was the first that described heroism, spunk, determination of some of Frances citizens.  I was happy with the pace of the story, although some of the scenes were brutal.  It told the story that needed to be told.
This is a well-written, well researched story that gives the reader a true feel for what women were forced to endure during the invasion and occupation of France in WWII, and how they bravely fought back against injustice. An uplifting ending.
This book leaves me with many emotions. It is a great story, and I found myself unable to put it down. I am so glad I have read it. It digs into the ugliness of a disturbing part of history, but these characters fight hard and hold on to hope.
It really seemed like a true story.  Very likely to have happened and readers need to know how life was for the Europeans during WW11.  Wonderful ending also and it held my attention all the way.  A very good read I would recommend for anyone.
Another ww2 story, but this one from the perspective of two very different sisters.  Much of it will be the same unimaginable atrocities we associate with Nazis, but this one has stories of a French home, Pyrenees Mountains, and female heroes.
This book,though fiction,was based on events that occurred.  It told the story of a family that risked their lives for others In the most gruesome situations and times.  Both Isabelle and Viann were women of great strength and amazing courage.
I think the book gave me another point of view on the war and its effect on France and its people.  Many did step up and do what they could during that difficult time in their history.  The characters in this book did so and made a difference.
Loved this book with all its fabulous characters, vivid descriptions and honest situations. I would recommend to anyone that enjoys stories off WWII. I had never read a book from the views of the French during this time and it was fascinating.
Just when you think you have heard this story before, there is a twist that keeps you entranced through the whole book. Characters are vibrant, situation realistic without all the disgusting gore. But you will empathize all the while. Loved jt
A fantastic read!  I could not put this book down.  I felt like I was living through the hardships of World War II in France along with the two sisters. The ending surprised me.  I would definitely recommend this book as a "must read".
Excellent and informative book about two strong sisters during WWII and how they both struggled and fought for their own survival, for their families and friends and for the survival of their country.  Thought provoking --which would you be???
The Nightingale was a riveting book.  I love historical fiction, and this book turned out to be educational, as well as wonderfully written.  Highly recommend this book for anyone wanting to learn more about German occupied France during WWII.
Really, really, good book.  Well written and very engaging.  It's a story of sisters, war, survival and hard choices.  Writing offers wonderful detail about France, war and relationships.  It would be an excellent movie.  Don't miss this book!
Impossible because of the tragedies of the story to say it was an enjoyable book, but it was a compelling story , excellently written and researched.  You become immersed in the lives of the characters who show remarkable courage and humanity.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. The characters were so well drawn and the storyline flowed together right to the end. Absolutely loved this book. Couldn't put it down and was reluctant to have to say goodbye when I finished it.
What an amazing story! Just when I think Kristin Hannah can't possibly top her last book, she does. I learned a lot about Paris and France and what happened during the Nazi occupation. Have the tissues handy when you read this incredible book!
This is a five star plus book. I could not put it down. It is well written and the characters come to life. The story is riveting, you will experience every emotion as you read. I highly recommend this book. I bet that it will become a movie!
Excellent book....a real page turner. this was an opportunity to appreciate what the average French citizen went through during the 2nd WW. It was also an example of real hatred on the part of the French police after Germany took over France.
I can't say enough.  An inside and intimate look into the lives of two sisters, each courageous in their own way, living in German occupied France. It makes me think I really know nothing of love, sacrifice, bravery or loss . Yes, FIVE STARS!
Excellent story telling of a horrific time in our history. I was so moved by the courage and strength of the sisters. I know this was fiction but I also know it was based on many true horrors. I will be recommending this book to my book club.
I was born on April 30 1945, the day that Hitler died along with my mother,Florence,as she gave birth to me.<br/>This story became very personal to me.<br/>I was raised by my grandmothers daughters,while the men were still fighting the war.
I enjoyed the atmosphere and characters the author created. She gives us two views of French citizens during the Nazi occupation. At first the flashback sequences were confusing but effective in the end. I would recommend this book to friends
Nightingale is the tale of two sisters in occupied France during WWII. Their story comes to life through this book. The struggles, fears, triumphs and love are written with such skill the reader may forget this is a work of historical fiction
I loved everything about it, except the fact that it was based on truth. An unimaginably horrible truth, Nazi occupied France.<br/>The main characters are well developed women, sisters, heroes.<br/>It is heart breaking but amazing. Read it.
So much has been written about the atrocities during WWII but this is the first I've read about the women in the French resistance<br/>It haunts me, it broke my heart, it is unforgettable - I can't imagine ever forgetting Isabel and Vianne.
This was an excellent story and I was sad to have it end.  Very well written and I found it easy to identify with and understand the characters.  I've read many stories that have taken place in Europe during WWII and this was one of the best.
I have recommended this book to so many peopole.  It was so well written and so liked reading about the history.  I always felt I was right there throughout the whole book .  I want to thank Kristin Hannah for sharing all of this with so many
Not a moment went by while reading this book that I regretted my decision to read it. "The Nightingale" was an attention-keeping page turner and I recommend it highly, especially if you have any interest in World War II and the Holocaust era.
A wonderful journey of a family with hidden dynamics and a young woman's coming of age in war. We too often focus on young men but how women cope and make choices is explored in this novel. Day to day survival is shown. This a wonderful tale.
I thought this was an excellent book. It was a book that held my interest from beginning to end. I couldn't put it down.  It was a very good read.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to know what struggling in life really is.
Although it is fiction it is during a real time in our history and the author made me feel as though I was right there in the action at all times. I loved the way this author described scenes. I would consider this book a "must read".
Truly very interesting book.it is a story about  a French family during the Second World War. The main characters are amazing and their bravery is unprecedented,we can see how people help, love each other in extremely difficult circumstances.
Wonderfully written.  A great detailed story of such a tragic time in history.  A sad but inspiring story of inner strength, determination and love.  I read this book as an assigned reading for my book club.  I can and do highly recommend it.
I thought it was great. I like stories about the war and what people had to go through just to get by. It really makes one appreciate what luxury we live in today. Such as food. America wastes so much food, that could benefit someone in need.
Characters are well developed and plot pulls at your emotions as World War II envelopes their lives. There are a few twists and it does make one think what would you have done in their situation. Enjoyed looking at WWII through women's lives.
I loved everything about it. I really enjoy historical fiction. I learn so much that I didn't know. And the way Ms. Hannah wrote this book made it a real page turner. And the ending was so well done. The author 'tied it up' so well. Loved it!
I was immediately drawn into this book.  By Ms. Hannah's descriptions you feel like you are living in France during WWll, experiencing all the emotions of that time.  Her characterizations are perfect.  I could not put this book down.  Bravo!
The story is so heartbreaking and inspirational It is history as it should be told through the eyes and hearts of the people who lived it. If only we could learn the lessons and not repeat the painful mistakes. Everyone should read this book.
France during World War II.  The horror is only surpassed by the brave lives of those who lived and died through it.  The reader becomes one with the characters and feels their pains and their joys.  It's a book one does not want to put down.
I would recommend this book to many friends and relatives .  The Terrible things  people went through was very hard to read but I know people who went through this horror and people should read this to. E better educated about the holocaust.
The Nightingale is an extraordinary tale of the horrors of occupied France during WW2 with the lives of two sisters. It is masterfully written, evoking a full range of human emotions.  My bookclub read this and it was a thumbs up all around.
This novel brings to light and to life the horrific struggles faced by members of the French Resistance during the war.  Characterizations are deep and enlightening.  The events are portrayed without any compromise.  It is a compelling read.
This was an amazing book.  It touched me deeply and reminded me of one of the terrible times in history.  It is a must read for all to understand history, and a must read for women to remember how strong and what an important role they play.
I have read so many books in my lifetime! This book is one of the best books I've ever read. It is brilliant. I will recommend it to everyone I know. It impacted me in the most amazing ways. It is a must read. Add it to the top of your pile!
I thought the writing level was flat at first.  But it improved as the plot developed.  We have read 2 other books that covered the war experience.  So we will probably steer clear of them for awhile.  I liked the book. It was a page turner.
It took me a while to get into the story, but by the middle I was invested in the characters and their outcome. The story was a vivid depiction of the occupation of France by the Nazis and the French Resistance Movement. I am glad I read it.
Amazing tale and graphic details made for tough reading at times but also in all the story was beautifully written.  I could feel into the scenes and really experience the emotions with the characters.  Horrific story of bravery and devotion
This was a terrific book about a subject we all know something, but not very much about . . . French resistance during WWII. It bites off quite a long period of history without resembling a text book . . . well done and captivating. Read it!
My 92 year-old Mother read this book first and said it was the best book she'd EVER read.  Of course, I quickly read it and found out she was right!  Fascinating story, characters and dialogue.  Can't wait to see the movie when it comes out!
It kept me turning the pages and except one or two miinor details felt so true.  I was born in 1939 and in certain places I could hear my mother telling me her adventures during the exodus.  Well written and well researched.  Congratulations
Fascinating story, I couldn't put it down.  Brought the tragedy of World War II and its effect on the lives of people in Occupied France, to life for the reader.  Characters were well defined and compelling, so much so that I cried at times.
Read this novel in 2 nights. A historical story about love, faith, family and friendship taking place in tragic times. I enjoyed the characters and the mystery. The story is a reminder that we all experience loss and how we can heal. Superb!
Loved most of the book, some sentences and insights still haunt me. Could not give it 5 stars only because there were a few times she slipped into the sappy romantic novel mode. The book was suspenseful and compelling all the way to the end.
Kristin Hannah is such a vivid writer. She gives detail to make you feel the struggle of the characters but doesn't overdue it so you feel the need to skip over lines. I loved the story and the way she brings it all to a close. Fabulous book
This is a beautifully written story about two sisters and their experiences during the nazi occupation of France. War is an ugly thing and how each survives in the midst of moral degradation is explored in this book. It is a compelling read.
Do not start reading  this if you are short of time. I could not put it down once I started it..stayed up way to late. The characters were detailed and seemed very  real. I don't think I have ever given five stars...this deserves 10 stars !!
A difficult book to read if you remember WW !! but very well written. Even though it is fiction, it is based on history and is very accurate about what happened under the Nazi reign. I hope all who don't remember WWII will read it and learn.
Cleverlyl written and done in a way that made you want to keep reading.  It was hard to to put the book down to cook dinner and other necessary things.  I read this book over two weeks ago and still find myself thinking about the characters.
Beautiful story in a terrible time of history that we should never forget! The strength of these women men and children is unbelievable and admirable. I have just discovered Kristin Hannah after reading Winter Garden another wonderful story.
A beautifully written book.  Well researched, emotionally engrossing from start to finish, which took about 8 hours for me..straight through...with pauses for that hot coffee and a piece of chocolate both Seattle and New York Times reviewers suggested In other words, couldn't put it down.
This is absolutely the best book I have read in ages.  It was touching, beautiful and heart wrenching.  Keep your tissues close by.  Give yourself plenty of time to read it because when you start you will not want to stop until the last page
Unbelievable read - it is the best book I have read in so many years.  Well though out story of a time in history that I did not know existed.  I would strongly recommend this book to anyone with an interest in history or people in general.
This has to be the best book I have read in quite a while!! I am having a hard time jumping into another book right away -- it is a hard<br/>act to follow. In fact, I am re-reading the last two chapters -- this is how good this book is....
This book was recommended by another person who read it. The book was hard to put down. It takes place in France durning WWII, not the time era I usually read. Although it is a fiction, the story of the French Resistance was moving and sad.
It's a well written, very descriptive novel about a horrible time in our history.  Full of twists and turns the narrative compels you to stay up late to finish reading until you can't stay awake anymore.  Spoiler alert--have tissues nearby!
This book was an amazing story to remind the world of the tragedies of WW2.  Let's never forget the Jews and others that were slaughtered by the Nazis!  And remember all the brave people that helped save lives to remind us that it happened!
This is the first book that I have read that brought tears to my eyes, it is a masterpiece and the author should be congratulated for not only a great read but also --- even its fictional --there is still a lot of historical reference here!
Have your tissues ready!<br/>A beautiful book that transports you to Paris and into the bowels of world war 2 and the heroines that risked so much in the name of humanity.<br/>Inspiring and moving and tragic and beautiful<br/>A must read
This is quite a change for Kristen Hannah.  It's about life in France during World War II.  We were very protected here in America and this gives insight into what happened when the Germans took over.  Scary  and fiction but very realistic.
A story of love and loss, of triumph and defeat, of the resilience of the human soul. My goal is to write a book that makes the reader cry in the way that this does. Thank you, Kristen, for inspiring me to continue in my pursuit of writing.
Engrossing reading...some of the battle scenes went on too long for me and some of the details were a bit gruesome but that's the way war really is!<br/>Magnificent research must have been involved in creating this very interesting story..
I found Kristin Hannah's book extremely well written, well researched and left mystery to the very end.  Having just published a novel with similar themes I was curious as to how Hannah would handle it, and it was mesmorizing!!  Brilliant!
This is truly a book for the ages.  I have read many accounts and novels of the holocaust but none as vivid and moving and engrossing as The Nightingale.  The story grips you from the first and does not let go even after you have finished.
What a beautiful story. The descriptions and character development were outstanding. By the time the story ended I felt like I really knew each person. It certainly was an eye-opening description of the occupation of France during the war.
I could tell from the beginning this would be a favorite and I didn't want it to be over.  I read the last 10% through tears but I couldn't put it down.  Such an amazing story with such a touching ending.  One of my favorites of this year!
One of the best books I've ever read.  More than once I wanted to quit reading at the realness of Vianne and Isabelle's story, but I'm so thankful I read till the end.  I thought I'd figured the book out until the last chapter.  Excellent!
To understand the horrors of war, the most horrible war in human history, from the perspective of women, is to understand forgiveness, strength, loyalty, and, most importantly, love. This book will forever hold a special place in my heart.
This is truly one of the best books I ever read!  I love Kristin Hannah 's style<br/>Of writing, but she outdid herself on this story. I could feel  the passion<br/>she must have felt  and passed it on to her readers.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
After reading many books pertaining to this subject, I will now add this as one of my recommendations to anyone who has the heart to read it. The subject matter is so difficult and yet needs to be a reminder so that it never happens again.
I enjoyed this more than any other in a very long time. Just the right amount of romance, suspense, love, heartache...I also never cared much for history in school and felt as if I really learned a lot about an era that I knew little of...
This is an excellent historical fiction of the invasion of France during WWII from a female point of view.  The characters were developed fully and it was hard to see the book end.  The bit about Ari was difficult to read.  Excellent read.
amazing story, takes the reader into Nazi-occupied France and the way the sisters dealt with the hardships, resistance, and daily lives.  Heartfelt, descriptive, at times heart-wrenching.  Plus a book long question only answered at the end
I absolutely loved this book. I really touched my inner emotions. I learned a lot about how the Jewish and French suffered in France during WW II. I have read all of Kristen Hannah's books and loved them all, but this one is her very best.
Once again, Kristin Hannah has a winner. I had a very hard time putting the book down once i got started and was very sad to see it end. As with her other books, plan on shedding a few tears! Excellent read that I would highly recommend!!!
A story we are all aware of but this book brings it to life...the characters are believe able - their situations are incredible.  We need to remember these days - the French people suffered terribly in WWII.  Very well written- memorable!
I lost a night's sleep reading this book because I couldn't put it down until 5AM from the day before.  Spellbinding.  Every description beautifully written, as though you were there, a part of the fight against the Nazi.  A perfect read.
GREAT book!  I wasn't convinced this was my kind of book when a friend recommended it and what a great surprise. Wonderful characters, great story, and the author knows how to tell a tale......I will definitely read more from this author!
Loved, loved, loved this book!  I read it in a little over 2 days.  Just did not want to put it down.  It captured me from the very beginning.  It wa good to read about the effort of women during the war.  I was surprised at the very end.
Sometimes you run across an exceptional book on a topic that has been written about over snd over. The Nightingale is such an example. Hannah's storytelling is superb, presented in such a way to keep the reader totally engaged to the end!
It's been a long time since I read a book that I literally could not put down.  This books definitely falls into that category.  Historical, suspenseful, moving and real; rooted in history and human emotion.  I highly recommend this book!
The best book I've read in years! I couldn't put it down.  So well written. It brought me to tears and hard to take in at times.  The sad part is it was a reminder that these stories really happened.  I was sorry the read ended. Lived it!
I found this story hard to put down and yet at times hard to read, It breaks my heart to think of the ugly cruel things that people do in the name of war. This story is about love, strength, and the will to live. I would recommend highly.
I loved this book!!!  I have seriously read it for 3 solid data when I wasn't doing anything else.  It is a page turner!  The history is gut wrenching, but the courage of these 2 women is nothing but awe inspiring!  A serious must read!!!
This story happened at a time in history that is very familiar to me so naturally I enjoyed the details of the French family and their survival tactics.<br/>The 2 sisters overcame family differences to cope with the war in their own way.
This was a well thought out story of love and loss in the time of a horrific war.  I hope the author continues to write historical fiction.<br/>It isn't often I rate a book this highly because books like this are too few and far between.
I would recommend this book to anyone. It was a tear jerker and very heartfelt. It really<br/>Makes you stop and think about life back then in WW2 and the heroic people who stood up for what is right in a time when hate filled the world.
I love the way this book was written. I have read many books about the war but having a female heroine was refreshing. There are more than one kind of hero. You will love the story, and the characters. Very well written and I recommend it
This book held my attention from start to finish! I could not hardly put it down. The author does a great job of captivating you and making you feel as if you are living the story. I felt the heart of each character. It was a great book!!
Have enjoy numerous novels by this talented author, but The  Nightingale is the most moving and memorable.  Ms. Hannah should write more historical fiction.  A really good read and recommend for mature young readers and older.  Well done!
I always love Kristin Hannah's books and this one was one of my favorites!  Loved this story set in WWII about two sisters living in France and how they dealt with the Nazis taking over their country.  A must read for Kristin Hannah fans!
A story well and beautifully written. A subject matter that should never be forgotten. It still goes on today with other names and countries. man's inhumanity to man and those who have the courage and will to fight against this barbarity.
My first book from this author, and it was great.  I liked this far more than "All The Light We Cannot See", another current best seller about France in WWII.  Read it in one day.  I would recommend this to anyone who likes books.
Absolutely loved this book.  The author had a great way of leading you through the story, giving the reader the feel of actually being there with the characters.  The characters were very complex and the story overall was very intriguing.
Life is never simple. This account of occupied France will open your eyes, and make you think. Character development is outstanding. Read it and find out for yourself how many times you'll suggest to others that they read The Nightengale.
A great read from many points of view.  France under Nazi occupation, the French Resistance to German occupation, the deprivations experienced by the French people during WWII. A love story, heroes and children make this a marvelous book.
An amazing book, I learned so much about WW2 and what the people had to go through to survive.  It was especially meaningful for me since my mother is French and she was a child during the war it helped me better understand her childhood.
I had read quite a bit about the horrors of the Jews by the Nazis and about non Jews who helped save some ,but not much about the horrors of everyone in countries of Europe.  "Not ever again "should be the cry of every human being
A wonderful book that I couldn't put down.  It's been a long time since I cried while reading a book.  I have a new understandinng of the horrors the occupied Europeans suffered during WW II.  I highly recommend "The Nightingale".
This is the best book I have read since "All the Light You Cannot See". It is so well written, and it shows the strength and courage of the women who lived through the war.  I highly recommend this book. You won't be disappointed.
This book had such amazing narrative drive.  I started reading it Saturday afternoon and kept reading all evening until I finished it.  Probably my favorite book of hers thus far.
I loved this book!  The author wasn't afraid to "sacrifice" characters and build a truly wonderful story.  The characters were well described and their actions rang true, but not without witness to the struggle the era inflicted.
Loved reading this story that came to life with the authors beautifully written words. The hardships were real and endured by so many during that enormous war. We honor the ones who went on to give us a better life. We will never forget.
Kristin Hannah always comes through with a great story... many times with historical backgrounds that make people realize what has really happened.  I had thought that WINTER GARDEN was my favorite book, but this story is right up there.
I found the book very interesting and informative.  I have read many books about France and WW11,  and I didn't know much about the French underground and the Nightingale gave a very good description of their efforts to help the British.
Excellent!  Fast reading...couldn't  put it down.  Gave me a lot of insight into the suffering caused by the German invasion and occupation of France.  And most important, told through the women's experience.  Highly recommend this book.
I really enjoyed this book. The characters were well defined and identifiable.  A beautifully told tale of family dynamics, miscues, and perseverance set during WWII. It also contained many interesting lessons about WWII. Very good book.
A gem!  This well-written book opens the reader's eyes to the human struggle during the Nazi occupation of France in WWII.  A gripping period of history brought to life through the story's extremely realistic characters.  A true classic.
To read this story can break your heart and sole. But the truth of what happen during this time period must never be forgotten. I think it is a salute to all woman in history who were never  acknowledged for their resistance and courage.
I thought this might be boring or just not my cup of tea. Totally wrong . The author draws you in with an intricately woven tale that brings the characters and the war to life. Thought provoking and captivating . I could not put it down. Nor could I forget the characters when forced to close the book.
I am a Kristin Hannah fan. She is a talented writer and I find most of her books difficult to put down. This may be her best yet. If you like historical fiction that doesn't go overboard on romance, this should be next on your wish list.
Enjoyed tremendously but does have some plot holes and the twists are telegraphed but it's good enough that you won't mind. Some of the lines brought tears to my eyes, particularly on the first and last pages and the next to last chapter
This is a wonderful book despite having to re-live what we have learned about WWII. I just wanted to keep reading. I loved the way Kristin Hannah told the story. Please give it a try and I hope you will feel the way I do upon finishing.
I have not finished the book, however, I find it very interesting. I'm always saddened and amazed at what people have to live through during wars. This is the fourth book about World War II that we have read in book club . What a shame!
This is the best book I have read in years! If you like historical fiction, this is an amazing read. The characters were well thought out/developed, the story incredible and the ending...I cried. This is Kristin Hannah's best novel yet.
I really enjoyed this book. I cried at the ending. The characters were well developed. The only thing that I thought was unbelievable was Isabelle guiding the pilots over the mountains.  Other than that I found the book to be well done.
A fictional story representing the lives of millions of women who lived through WWII.  We in the U.S. Have no idea what war is truly like nor the sacrifices, despair and devastation that the men and women endured.  We must never forget.
Perhaps it could be faulted for it's sentimentality,but the wrenching times of occupational in war would suggest otherwise.  It gives new appreciation to the courage and hardships facing the French citizens in world war two. I liked it.
I found the book hard to read at times because of the hardships and terror the characters endured under Nazi occupation. The book was really compelling and was a grim reminder of how evil people can be when following a dictator blindly.
I nearly put this wonderful book down after the third or fourth waiter's description of how the chef had cooked what was being served. Specificity could have come from language and details of setting<br/>Glad I gave it a second chance.
Intriguing and fascinating, this book  told a story of love and pain beyond measure. A woman who is a sister a daughter, a wife, mother and friend and what she was willing to give. The perspective toward the end of her life is powerful.
this is, without a doubt, the best book I have ever read. this story is amazing, riveting, suspenseful, and the ending leaves you breathless. I'm not going to go into all the characters and all their stories, you just need to read this!
This was without a doubt the best Kristin Hannah book to date. The development of the characters and the story made it almost impossible to put down. And, what an awesome ending!  I can recommend this book to others without hesitation!
Another good read.  Starts slow but builds, placing you into the thoughts of several.  Difficult at first to divide the two sisters but you are with both as you go further into the narrative.  More historical than I originally thought.
Kristen Hannah is one of my favorite authors and this book does not disappoint.  As usual it was difficult to put down and I ended up in a puddle of tears.  I love her historical fiction writing and the relationships of her characters.
Another excellent account of the horrors endured by the French  people  under Nazi occupation during  WW II.  I couldn't  put it down!  Hanna does a remarkable job of capturing the pain while<br/>Emphasizing the heroism of the people.
The Nightingale is an amazing story. I was completely spellbound. The story haunted me for days after I finished reading it. Kristen Hannah is a talented author and I have enjoyed all of her books. I strongly recommend The Nightingale!
My grand father served in France during WW2 so this gave me some insight into what he saw and did. It was nice to see what women do during wartime. Some did what they could and others did what they had to do to protect their children.
I loved this book.  It is about two sisters in France during the occupation. The characters are well developed and the writing was wonderful.I found this book quite emotional following these sisters during a turbulent time in history.
Could not put this book down.  The characters become alive and some become a part of you.  Heart wrenching and thought provoking.  Especially inspiring as we just returned from Normandy France and a visit to each of the D-Day beaches.
This story of an amazing spy of WWII was another page-turner. Even though it was not based on a person who actually experienced the many dangers and trials, the author was careful to research the possibility of such a tale being fact.
Really good insight into the French resistance movement against the Nazi's, and how the Nazi's abused anyone who were not passionate advocates for the occupation. Very touching story of courage and determination to do the right thing.
Loved this as much as Sarah's Key, All the Light We Cannot See, and the Book Thief. Common themes, but very uncommon heroes and heroines whose stories remind us that there were indeed real people who survived and chose good over evil.
One of Krisitn Hannah's best books.  The plot was well developed and wonderfully written.  I honestly couldn't put it down.  She researched the subject so well it really should be classified as historical fiction.  Highly recommended!
This novel is an engaging, powerful story of courage, love and family. It depicts the atrocities of war, but also the triumph of the human spirit. I could not put it down. Kudos to Kristen Hannah for this masterful historical fiction.
One of my all time favorites books!  I couldn't put it down!  I have recommended it so many friends - I hope there is a movie!  I'm going to read more of Kristin Hannah's books but I just don't know if they can be as good as this one!
I'll leave it to others to summarize the plot.  I just want to say it was about a very interesting period of time and a great read.  The two main characters developed in some unexpected ways.  I will recommend this book to my friends.
It is good to remember the bad so we don't repeat it. This story of two sisters is powerfully sad. It reminds us that as humans we can be brutal to each other and also heroes. It moved me and made me appreciate my life as it is today.
Riveting tale of two sisters livings in France during WWII.  The sisters are very different and must face and exist through the horrors of the war.  The author has written a historical novel full of action and pathos.  Excellent read!
I loved this book! The two sisters were so real. Then to triumph! I still have tears in my eyes.<br/>The historical perspective so enriched the story. Vianne and Isobelle will stay with me for a long time. Highly recommend this book.
I liked the fact that it brought back to mind the suffering of what Hitler brought.  It is a bitter reminder of what could happen to this country if we don't heed the warnings.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to all my friends.
I have not written a review in a very long time but the sheer beauty of this story has moved me to encourage other readers to experience this moving depiction of the thriumph of goodness over horrible evil during WW2.  A MUST READ!!!!
Great read! The French woman were amazing during the war and you felt like you were with them feeling there pain and hopelessness. Kristin hit  the mark just as she did in Winter Garden. Two of my all time best books that I have read.
Kristin Hannah has told a storing that is moving, emotional and loving about sisters and their families that experienced the travesty of the German occupation and the strength of those individuals who fight to maintain life and love.
This story is an amazing eye opener to those who haven't been given a good understanding of France after the Nazi's invaded. Not to mention the beautiful story that just holds your attention, it leaves you wanting to know what's next
Loved, loved, loved this book.  I was very skeptical at first because I wasn't sure I was in the mood to read another book about the second world war but oh...my...word...so worth it.  Highly recommend this beautifully written story!
A little slow to get going but turned out not being able to put it down.  If you liked All TheLight We Can to See, you will like this book.  Almost the same story from another point of view.  Natzi atrocities.  Not for the squeamish.
Few books make me tear up. This one did several times. Not that the writer was overly sentimental or emotional.  Actually she managed to tell the story in an almost understated manner but creates time period and atmosphere perfectly.
This book opened up the history of WWII and brought the reality of life during war to the forefront. Learning about the characters and their plights of survival made this a page turner. This will be a story I will not quickly forget.
The women in WWII aren't in the history books, but they are in this book. Strong and weak, single and married, alone and with family, they did what they could. This beautiful book tells the memorable story of the Nightingale sisters.
I loved this book.  Being a bit younger I never knew the pain those in Europe had to go through.  Hitler was horrible.  This book will make you laugh and cry.  Give it  some time to get into it.  This is well worth your time. Enjoy..
I am a fan of historical fiction and I was happy to learn that "the nightingale" was based on a real young woman from Belgium.  I was also pleasantly surprised by how the book ended.  I understand why this book is so popular.
I very much enjoyed ready this book.  I am quite picky when it comes to books, I have very little time to read, but couldn't put this book down. You are truly transported into the lives of the characters.  Highly recommend to anyone.
This is a page turner regardless of the fact that there are some factual errors in very small places ...if you want to feel, understand and marvel at what women did for the French Resistance in world war II, this is the book to read.
This book made me stop to reflect and, ultimately, made me cry.  The characters, places and time were all so vivid it put you right there with them.  I hated for it to end.  Another excellent Kristin Hannah book.  Thank you, Kristin!
I have to say I was just a little disappointed in this book, after all the five star reviews.  Don't get me wrong, it was a very good book, I just expected more.  It did have an ending that wrapped up nicely, bringing it full circle.
Kristin Hannah is one of my very favorite authors & this book did not disappoint. Her books are always very realistic & you can tell she puts a lot a research & hard work into them. I LOVED this book .....did not want to put it down.
This book was so well written. I loved it from the first chapter and cried through several chapters. I felt like I could picture each character in my mind, the feelings they were feeling. It was heart wrenching and I hated it to end.
Riveting and brutal story of Nazi occupied France, cloaked in elegance. Brings to light the sacrifices of survival and what it means to be a hero, whether for your country or your children. By far, Kristen Hannah's best work to date!
The best book ever in my life!
What an incredibly written book. The story takes you to France during WWII through the eyes of two different women to give you both a historical and personal account of of their experiences. I couldn't put it down. Highly recommend.
I loved this book and couldn't put it down.  It takes place during the Holocaust. The main characters are not Jewish, but Christian. I don't want to say more because I don't want to give anything away.  I highly recommend this book.
I loved this book! Very well written. The details are amazing. The characters are interesting. It was amazing to read a story of a familiar time from an all new perspective. I was mourning it's ending before I was even done reading.
Loved this book! It has taken a spot in my top 5 favorites books for sure. I tried to read it slowly because I just didn't want it to end but I just couldn't put the book down and finished it in 2 days! Highly recommend you read it!
What a wonderful book.  I instantly disappeared down the rabbit hole of WWII heroines of the French Resistance.<br/>Very well written, prose is gorgeous, and the whole book is evocative of the French and their wondrous countryside.
I was searching for a really good book that would grab me from the first page and noticed that this book was a 5 star.  I was not disappointed.  This was a new author to me but I can assure you that I will be a follower from now on.
The instructions say 20 words required, but 20 words just isn't enough. I'm in awe of this novel, truly.  From the darkness into which it draws reader, to the light and truth of that at the end. "Wounds heal. Love lasts. We remain."
Author has a beautiful poetic style to her writing, without getting too wordy or dragging on a story scene. Nightingale was fast paced with many twists and turns that you did not see coming. Hard to put down at night to go to sleep.
Loved it!  Only reason I'm not giving it 5 is because sometimes, I didn't really feel like it was all that historically correct.  However, that being said - I enjoyed it immensely and totally teared up at the end!  Highly recommend.
Although I have read much about WW II, this book told many things I did not know.  Hannah's characters are usually vivid, but she out did herself with these characters.  This is a heartbreaking story, but a powerful, wonderful read.
I particularly enjoyed the historic reconstruction full of details. The way the story is narrated makes you feel all the scents, and fears, and the environment in such a realistic way that I feel it was a truly rewarding experience.
Damn it Kristin Hannah for creating  characters that make me get so emotionally attached to them that I can barely finish the ending through my tears. Definitely will be reading  again  so I can further get lost in these families...
From first page to last, this book kept me suspended back in Paris during the terrible times of the German invasions.<br/>Recommending it to all my friends as a " must read"<br/>Thank you Kristin Hannah for another wonderful read!
Well written book.  It tells a story about two sisters who participate in and survive despite the incredible odds against them. The  complicated relationship between these two sisters and their father is presented quite well and is the cohesive factor throughout the book.If you are interested in WWII books, you will find this one exceptionally good.
I enjoyed this book immensely.  Always have loved stories based on II WW era, and this one was very realistic, giving a good understanding of life in France and the French Resistance.  Well written and surprises at the ending.  Yayo
This was a wonderful read. Some was so exciting that I couldn't read it before sleep. It was engaging, well-written and thought-provoking. I cried tears of sorrow and joy. This was one of the best books I've read in a very long time
When I reached the last page, I realized that I had become intimately part of the sisterhood of 2 unique women. Few novelists can bring you so close to a character that you are sure you have known them yourself for a very long time.
This story will rip your heart out and bring hope all in the same page.  I am certain I don't have the courage of Isabelle or Vianne.  I feel though that this should be required reading-lest we forget the evil that was the Holocaust
I thought it was a wonderful story. It is the first I have read about WWII in France. I wish there had been more about how the family moved to Oregon and the years between. The characters were well developed and seemed true to life.
I have already recommended this book to friends and family. It is extremely well-written and portrays life as it must have been in World War II in France. My father was a pilot in this war, so rescuing the airmen was special to me.
What an amazing story and I can quote believe that there are stories that were real.  The narrative was so beautifully drawn that I could feel all the pain of love and loss among the characters.  I am still reeling from the ending.
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  The characters and storyline are captivating.  When I put it down, I could hardly wait to get back to reading it.  Very well written and totally engrossing, I recommend it!
I've always been interested in European History , in general , and the history of WWII --The stories of the average citizens and the amazing hardships they endured.  Many of the women of those countries were such heroic characters.
As with other such novels (think Herman Wouk), it was sometimes tough to read about such very real horrors. But also awe inspiring to realize there really were such brave people who sacrificed so much for their fellow human beings.
This is a great read.  A moving story that starts slow and grows to a very emotional conclusion.  This story tells of the sacrifices made by countless people in war.  Why must mankind continue to wage war and destroy so many lives.
I've read many books concerning WWII, but this one covered an aspect of a country being occupied that I hadn't given much thought to.  It was brought to light brilliantly and I can't wait to discuss it with my book club this month!
One rarely sees 12,000 plus five star ratings for a book. This one certainly deserves it. I love the way Hannah's writing style flows so you can keep a rapid pace. Loved the book. Future movie? Reminds me a lot of Schindler's List.
Good, compelling story that shows the difficulties and the survival of french women during WWII. The contributions of women who risked their lives to help the resistance and keep homes going is heartrending. Kristin Hannah is good.
This book does what you want every book to do, completely transport you to another place, time, or situation, and make you feel that you were there.  I could not put it down.  It is one of the best books that I have read this year.
I loved this book!!! I had to force myself not to read it all in one setting....the author made me feel like I was there with these two women laughing with them, crying with  them and terrified for them. Great job Kristin Hannah!!!
Remarkably written. The descriptions are so precise that makes you connect immediately whit the places, the characters, and the situations. A nice love, courage and despair tale set in a rather obscure and infamous time of history.
Great characters in a tough time, going through a lot of fire, and ultimately bringing out the best in the main characters. The author's description of the setting and also the little details of the environment really draws you in.
This book is a sad account of the holocaust, yet shows how the human spirit can not be broken. It was very well written and you feel quite connected to the characters. Nothing is predictable. Kristin Hannah is an excellent writer!
What a story! This excellent novel, kept my intense interest from the first  to the last page! Such a wonderful story of the two sisters involved. Heartbreaking and at times with extreme joy ,i read their story. I loved this book!
I read this book within 24 hours.  This isn't the first book Hannah has written about the horrors and atrocities committed at the hands of Nazi soldiers. However, Ms. Hannah does a great job portraying the Nazi invasion of France.
Totally riveting book about the role of women in WWII France. Against the historical background of rural France and the city of Paris, the women of this novel reveal their strengths and the effect of the war on their daily lives.
The story moves quickly and the characters come to life.  There are twists to the story, but it flows really well.  The topic is tough to take, but the descriptions are real and not over the top of to get a rise out of the reader
Have plenty of time for this book, because when you start you don't want to put it down. It gives so much insight to the women in war's viewpoint. And don't forget that a story like this is being played out in our world right now
This book was recommended by a friend and I highly recommend reading it. It is one of those books you can't put down and don't want to either. Really makes you appreciate and think about what people went through during that time.
Well written and hard to put down. Interesting characters and a plot line that was intriguing. Hard to believe that people could be so in humane to others and those "others" could survive and fight back. A very good read!
This novel takes us back to dark days and difficult choices. The characters in this well crafted novel take us back to a French perspective of Nazi occupation. The novel is ... Brilliant. Read it and you will not be disappointed.
This book will show you everything what goes behind every war. How women and children try everything to survive , and risk everything for their family. At the end family, love and forgiveness what really matters. Excellent read .
Amazing book! Through these pages, I have lived the despair, terror, hopelessness of France during WWII but also the character, valor and resiliency of it's people especially it's women who valiently stood against their enemies.
Although the characters occasionally fell flat, mostly I enjoyed this book. Slow at parts, absorbing & can't-put-it-down at others, I'd recommend this book to anyone who loves historical fiction in general and WWII specifically.
I forced myself to read the first half because this was our group's Book Club pick for the month.  I finished strong--the last few chapters improved.  I am not a history buff, so this is not normally a book I would enjoy anyway.
This book was exceptional story of WWll in France as it was occupied by the Nazi. It is filled with both love and hate as well as suffering, anxiety and every other emotion.  Could not put it down - read it in one and half days.
When my book club chose this book to read, I thought, "Oh, no, not another war story!" But, this book took a different spin from the usual story lines of this genre and kept me thoroughly engrossed in the book. Loved it!
OMG -- this book ripped my heart out  ~ could hardly bear some of it -- but that is what made it such a remarkable read. It was highly recommended to me by other friends - that I totally trust for a good read !!  Amazing story .
This character development was wonderful...I love reading about Nazi-controlled Europe, not the hardship but the heroic efforts of the people. I wish Vianne and Isabelle were real people. I would love to visit with each of them!
Extremely well written and an important book to read..I couldn't put it down...if you loved "All the Light you Cannot see" this is as frightening and heartwarming...a story of family and survival...you'll never forget !!
I can't remember the last time I cried reading a book.  This is a beautiful story and I truly enjoyed reading it. I hated for it to end.  Thank you Kristin Hannah for such wonderful writing- I will be reading more of your works!
Outstanding story of family , war, peace, love, hatred, wants and needs that although is fiction- could have actually happened.<br/>Well composed, well written with a most touching ending. True or. Not.  May God Bless them all.
This is one of Kristin Hannah's best. The story of occupied France during WW II.  Men have often had to endure the horrors of war. In this story two sisters sacrifice and suffer more than we can imagine. I couldn't put it down.
I almost gave up reading this book as it was so sad it was hard for me to deal with. Glad that I kept reading as the ending was worth the reading; I think this book was wonderful and deserves all the good reviews it is getting'
Thank you, Kristin Hannah, for writing this book. I am grateful for and humbled by the words within. I have read similar stories and have always been astounded  how wonderful and horrible humans were, are.  May we never forget.
I was a toddler when the atrocities were committed against the Jewish people. This fictional book gives an idea of what it may have been like for families living through this nightmare. Kristina Hannah is a master storyteller!
The author makes her readers feel the horrors of war and the resilience of the survivors. I could not put it down. It makes you feel as if you are there throughout the whole book. I loved it and would recommend it to everyone!
A real page turner. I had to keep reading.  The story is emotionally very hard to read at times, but history doesn't make for nice endings.  Superb book. This one will haunt me for a long while.  That's how much it touched me.
A war story, a love story. A heartwrenching journey and an incredibly vivid glimpse into the struggles of French citizens, particularly women during the second world war. I was mesmerized by this novel and highly recommend it.
What an amazing book, it felt like I was inside the story.<br/>I felt every single emotion reading it. The love, the rage, the sadness of the war...I love a well written story and this is a beautiful story of courage and love
Wonderfully told story about the occupation of France and the relationship of two daughters and their father. Writing was very good, but I'm always the "editor" and would tighten it up (nit-picky).  Highly recommended.
This book brings to life some of the horrible events people had to live through during World War II and how much courage it took for people to survive the heartbreaking losses that comes with war. I highly recommend this book.
Each character drew me in...deeper and deeper into the experience of Nazi occupied France.  Truly exciting...heartbreaking at times; I had a very hard time putting this book down and re-entering my quiet, comfortable suburbia.
there are stories about men in war, very few about the women, the Nightingale is a must read for WWII buffs - the women, children that were behind enemy lines and how they coped,  Ms Hannah did the research and know her stuff.
The heroines of this book will stick in my mind forever. All the sorrow and hardships of that tragic time in history<br/>were brought home to me, as well as the enduring love a family can misplace and must fight to recognize.
An exciting, at times sad, yet the characters maintain a steadfast faith in the future. Made me think about the sacrifices other people were making to fight in the resistance to save their countries from the German Occupation.
Kristin Hannah is a fantastic author.  I have read most of her books.  My two favorites are The Nightingale and Winter Garden. I understand than that The Nightingale is going to be made into a movie.  I can't wait to see it!!!
What a strong spellbinding story of family, love, war, strength. I could not seem to put this book down. From start to finish you will enjoy every moment and maybe horrified in another. I will check out more of her literature.
The Nightingale is wonderful, gripping, intense, sad, and elicits such guttural responses from the reader that it makes one realize how lucky we all are to have the lives we have. An amazing book. Kristin Hannah does it again!
Until I read this book I was very ignorant about the German occupation of France (I'm ashamed to say).  This book just drew me in, very poignant and a real education.  Now I'm reading everything I can find about WW II France.
One of the most amazing historical fiction books of all time!!!!! The story introduces you to real life characters  during Nazi France.... It is an amazing story of survival, faith, and love! Definitely recommend this book!!!
How tough it must have been to live in Europe during the Nazi occupation and WWII.  Nightingale is a frightening depiction of the loss, terror and fragility of  the war - and how strong and selfless the French Resistance was.
One of the best books I have read in a really long time. Kristen Hannah is an amazing story teller. You will fall in love with her characters and root them on in the story. Cried through the last 100 or so pages. A must read.
such a good read!  Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors.  this book gave me an insight into the world of people living in france during the war with Germany.  their stories brought tears to my eyes.  a wonderful book!
A powerful, emotional, and heart wrenching story, reminding us of what the people of Europe went  through in the two world wars,  lest we forget!!  I was enthralled from the first page  - rich characters, beautifully written.
I have read all of Kristin's books...all great.  This story is one of the most beautifully written books I have ever read! Historically correct and presented in the most beautiful way possible. I look forward to her next book
This was an awesome book. Many emotions and I couldn't wait to discuss this book with my friends.  I would read it again which is something I never do.  It would make a great movie.  In my opinion, this is her best book yet.
Craftily written book, anchored in the tragic times of 20th century. It gives an insight into everyday life, during WW2. It's probably true today in Syria or any other war in any country. It shows that there is an after war.
Beautifully written, engrossing and moving fiction. I hated to put it down and looked forward to my time when I could pick it up again. I felt at times as if I was a part of a motion picture because it was so Real and alive.
Beautifully written story about the female heroes in France during WWII. Although many books have been written about this war, the stories told are unique, outlying the daily struggles of those left behind in occupied France
This was a great story of bravery and courage of two sisters during the Nazi occupation of France in WWII. Some of the details were so traumatic it was hard to read, but the story was well told and one I am very glad I read.
There are so many books about WWII that i have kind of opted for other topics recently. However, I am so glad that I picked up The Nightingale.  What an amazing, compassionate, daring story like none that I have read before.
I really enjoyed this book from start to finish. It was set in World War 2, and was from  the perspective of French civilians - how they suffered and sacrificed to survive Nazi occupation. I was moved to tears a few times.
This page-turner was gripping and I didn't want it to end.  I found myself totally able to relate to the characters even though I was not so unfortunate as to live through the second world war.  So well written!  Loved it.
Amazing storytelling and character development. I loved the little mystery of which sister was actually telling the story! The ending is emotional, so have a tissue handy. This is the best novel I have read in a long time.
I am a big Kristin Hannah fan. The novels are usually about serious situations. And this one was no different.<br/>My father was in 2nd world war and this brought so many different aspects of what the people went through.
Very strong characters with a plot that combines many perspectives of WW II that seem based on historical fact.  The ending is satisfying.  Balanced view of human emotions and characters, especially of the German military.
I've read many books about the Nazi occupation of France during WWII, but this was the 1st that was more focused on the role of the French Resistance.  Beautifully written with an ending that was both touching and hopeful.
This was a heart-wrenching tale of German - occupied France during WWII. I wasn't even interested in the topic at first glance but I read it because it had 5 stars. After reading the first 20 pages, I couldn't put it down!
At first I thought I was reading a formulaic fiction.  Then the story took off and I had trouble putting it down at night.  An excellent book about war, airplanes, love and imagination.  I will eagerly recommend to others.
Not only was this book well written, it gives you the opportunity to look within yourself to see if you would be able to survive these horrific events.  How can man be so unkind to others?  That question is still relevant.
This book was well done and really told a different perspective of WWII.  I all wars women fight too, but often in a way very different from men.  The author did an amazing job of getting across what it was like in France.
This book made me feel.  Deeply.  As a result of reading this book, I have learned of the courage shown by women in France in face of their dire experiences during the German occupation of WWII.<br/><br/>Read it a weap.
This was one of those novels. that was hard to put down.  It was more than just a war story.  Romance, drama, relationships, and history were all blended in this outstanding book. I highly  recommend this beautiful story.
Loved this book! It was a book that kept me up late into the night! It was intriguing to read about the sisters different perspectives on the war and gave you a true sense of what it must for been like during those times.
This was a beautifully written story of two French women in World War II.  Author obviously researched the background well.  Recommended for anyone interested in World War II and also just looking for a very moving novel.
A harrowing novel describing the extremities of suffering, deprivation & loss especially of those left behind in war. Among the many themes are the challenges & redemptive power of  love & the sacrifices engendered by it.
interesting characters facing the hardships that the French endured during world war 11. reinforces other fiction that I have read about this dark time in history..The women were portrayed as strong and clever and heroic.
What a wonderfully written and soul-wrenching book.  The characters were well developed and I grew emotionally attached to many of them.  What a horrific period of time for those who lived and died during the Nazi regime.
A riveting book that I couldn't put down.  When I would I would think more about the book and when I could get a few more chapters in.<br/>Great historical read and very captivating.  Loved it.  Thank you Kristin Hannah!
I really enjoyed this book. I could hardly put it down as I really got involved with the characters and cared what happened to them.<br/>The tension which I felt regarding the Nazi occupation was made real by the author.
I love every book she has written, but loving WWII stories as I do, this one will stick I my heart forever. The characters are so deep and rich, the emotions so poignant, the story totally believable. Don't miss this one.
A wonderful book about family, love and loss.  A heartbreaking, but uplifting family saga. I was afraid it would be like so many other WWII novels, but it left me with even more to ponder about sacrifice and redemption.
Full of emotions that kept me reading well after midnight. A family that is torn apart and brought back to love because of war. Makes one ponder present relationships in light of the suffering of others. Very good read!
As I sat crying at the end of this read, I was overjoyed that a novel was as to tell the story of the strength of women during WWII.  We are programmed to forget the unpleasantries of life....but we need to remember....
One of the best historical fiction novels that I have read, and I have read many.  I wanted it to end a little differently, but the ending was very good.  I am looking forward to reading more of Kristen Hannah's novels.
Kristin Hannah did a wonderful job of telling a story about two sisters during the invasion of Germany into France. Not only was the story fascinating but the history added to my knowledge. I highly recommend this novel
This was a great and sad story. It was about bravery and suffering in wartime during the occupation of France by Germany.. I could not stop reading at times. I enjoyed the story very much. It could be made into a movie.
Haven't read a book this good in a long time. I was hooked from the beginning with the lives of these sisters during WWII. Kristin Hannah's writing made you feel as if you were there experiencing all the horrors of war!
I love Kristin Hannah, so I was really looking forward to this being released.  While I've really enjoyed each of her books, and will always have a special place for Firefly Lane, The Nightingale may be my new favorite.
One of those books you don't want to put down, and even if you do, you think about it until you pick it up again! An excellent portrayal of two heroic sisters in France during World War II. I highly recommend this book.
This book was vivid in details that it made you feel that you were there in that time period. I did not want this book to end. I will read this book again.  Thank you Kristin for another wonderful book! Keep on writing!
Captivating historical fiction. Well written novel, following the tragic times during Hitler's reign. Characters well defined & a book I didn't want to put down, despite feeling the hopelessness, pain & loss of so many.
One of the best books I have ever read - a story of courage, heartbreak, love, pain as well as a look back to a time in history that we all need to remember.  Definitely a 5 Star book. Everyone needs to read this book.
Another great book by Ms Hannah.  Not just another WWII novel but a story of the occupation of France.  Two sisters, very different, suffering at the hands of the Natzi during the takeover of France. A real page turner.
A hair-raising story of two French sisters and how they were affected by the German occupation of France during World War II. They each responded to the terrible conditions imposed on them in different courageous ways.
Interesting story about 2 sisters behind enemy lines in France during WW2. The characters are well developed.  The story is very realistic and seems as though the writer researched history to provide an accurate story.
This is a fictional World War II story that is historical.  The characters are believable, evolving, courageous, and eventually heroic.  It is a truly intriguing story.  It also describes vividly the atrocities of war.
Good story of the Occupation of France to introduce someone to the horrors of war.  The violence of war is treated well and not too graphic.  Tasteful.  Good for a high school student or someone who likes a good story.
A story about a family torn by the horrific events during World  War ll in France. Two sisters, years between them deal with their strengths and desires in different ways that make a difference to those that they love.
I loved this book. When I wasn't reading it, I was thinking about it. Such a different perspective and view of the war and its emotional and physical toll. I couldn't wait to see how it ended but didn't want it to end.
This is one of the best novels I have read.  The characters became absolutely real to me, and It opened my view of what war does to the people who are not soldiers.  I would recommend it to everyone without hesitation.
A great book.  Well written and it kept me involved all the way through.  I didn't want to put it down, and I only did when there was something important I had to do (like sleep or eat).  I highly recommend this book.
One of the best books I have read.  Intelligently written, gripping and poignant. You become so involved with the characters, that at times, I had to stop reading as it was too upsetting.  Wonderful characterizations.
Kristin Hannah is one of the best authors I've had the pleasure of coming across. Her writing style has grabbed my interest. The book is written well and at some points, I felt as though I was a character in the book.
I have said "enough" on war stories, but this book was EXCELLENT.  Some critics believe portrayal of country not correct, but the rest of the book completely made up for any minor shortages.  Highly recommend.
Kristin Hannah does it again with this well written story of two sisters during Nazi occupied France. It's been awhile since I've read a book that moved me as much this book. Had me in tears! Would recommend to anyone
I bought this book because (at the time) over 4,000 people had give it 5 stars. I'm not really into historical fiction but I thought I'd try it. This book was amazing!  I couldn't put it down. Definitely a great read.
Some twists that keep the story flowing and flowing and it goes on and on. I have read about Germany's occupation of France and this story put you right there. Hard book to put down. Author is very good in my opinion.
A fabulous story that I couldn't put down. Read it in two days. I haven't cried that hard since heaven knows when.  So well written. A must read for all who want to know what peoe went thru during the Second World War
Such a sad story but more important, a story of survival. I can't imagine what these characters had to endure. I know it is a novel but I also know that real people suffered what the characters in this novel suffered.
This was an amazing book! It kept me up late many nights imagining the life of a mother during the war. Truly touching and unforgettable. I love all books written by this author but this is my favorite of hers by far!
Read this for our book club and we rated The Nightingale 9.5 out of 10.  We have read many WWII stories, but none about how the women coped with German occupied France.  Well written with some surprises along the way.
Very interesting story with a surprise twist at the end. I have read several books lately about WW2 in France. We often forget the privations and difficult decisions faced by persons who lived in occupied territories.
Powerful convergence of relationships and action.<br/>Read it for book club, looking forward to discussion.<br/>To say inspiring might be cliche, but it is an inspiring story. Here's to telling the untold stories...
beautifully written and characters about whom the reader can deeply care. The reader can see the scope of the novel but it is anything but predictible. There is joy, sadness, heartbreak and acceptance - a must read!!!
A very moving and well written novel.  Read many stories of WW II and this ranks high with me.<br/>The ending was very touching.  I applaud all those who endured so much at that time.<br/>Highly recommend this book.
It started strong, but fell off for the last 1/3rd of the book.  The romance between the hero and heroine didn't seem true to life.  But the jarring loss of neighbors because they were Jew or communists was well done.
Gads are we fortunate in that America has never been occupied by a foreign power, yet!  Those poor people...there are so many stories about the bravery of the Resistance and others who fought to save 1000s...Loved it!
This book was excellent!!  It kept me guessing right to the end which sister was going back over her life.  And tragically was very accurate to the hard times of World War II and the horrific treatment of the Germans.
The Nightingale left me speechless. Each character is strong, meaningful and memorable in their own way. I love the way the story is told, and the way it ends...but no spoilers.<br/>It is a story I won't soon forget!
This is a moving story of love, family  and heroism set in World War II France. Two seemingly different sisters turn out to be not so very different after all. Despite the horrors of war, I enjoyed the book very much.
This is a story about courage and how people survive during war. There are different ways to resist an enemy and these two sisters play that out in their lives. Wonderful and engaging writing. I highly recommend it.
Such an amazing story! Hannah did an amazing job of capturing the hardships and heartbreak faced during the war. Her writing makes you feel as though you are a part of their family and are going through the war too.
Engaging, well-researched book.  Well developed characters and fascinating story of their involvement in the French Resistance.  My father's first wife lost her life as she worked in the resistance movement in WWII.
couldn't put it down.  It was so real, I finished It right before bedtime and was so unnerved I had to take an Ativan to settle myself down.<br/>Beautifully written I could visualize each situation.  Awesome story.
beautifully written. A triumph for humanity at its best and worst. Haunting and suspenseful.  Based on a historical event that must never be forgotten or allowed to recur.  The characters,so real. An excellent read.
A sometimes harrowing tale with some details making my flesh crawl. At times I felt I was living the nightmare of France's  German occupation. The story, however, was uplifting at its conclusion and very satisfying.
The strength of these women, and of all the victims of Hitler's evil, is inspirational.  I am ashamed by human nature but marvel at its resiliency.  It is by remembering that we pray history will never repeat itself
I love reading stories about women who are quietly powerful. This one made me cheer and laugh and cry. I read so many books, and few move me like this one did. I could not put it down until I had read the last word.
What a wonderful book about the women in France in WWII.  The things that some of the non-Jewish women went through trying to help Jewish children.  It makes you wonder what would happen if this was to happen today.
I really loved this book!  It's basically about two sisters during the Nazi occupation of France and what they do to survive.  It also shows the courage that people have under terrible situations show.  A must read!
This was a powerful novel that I will not soon forget.  It moved me to tears and reinforced my belief in the power of love.  I would recommend  this book to anyone but especially those that enjoy Historical Fiction.
You will cry, but, of course, this is a story about the worst war in history. How could you not cry? These women endure so much for their families and for their country. This bravery and strength is beyond parallel.
A compelling page turner of a tale.  Captured my imagination from page one.  The characters are fully developed and courageous.  An intimate look at the local French citizenry and Nazi occupiers during World War II.
I enjoyed this book immensely.  I enjoy reading Kristin Hannah's books in the past and this one was no different.  It was a bit more intense than some of her others but quite enjoyable. I highly recommend this book!
Probably her best book ever. A great storyteller who sucks you in on the first page and never lets you go! I read the entire book in one day. Couldn't wait for the ending and it was brilliant. Have a hankie ready!!!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I found it written so well that you feel like you are a part of the story. It was thought provoking and made the reader questioned what they had done if faced with those situations.
Beautifully written and moving book. I read it while traveling in France and was very affected by the historical references to the nazi occupation of France and that shameful and difficult period of French history.
My favorite book of 2015 so far.  The underlying theme of this book (to me) was that heroes can come in all forms.  A slightly different look at World War 2 - not all Germans were thrilled about being there either.
This is a great story.  There is suspense and surprise.  It is another book about war and Nazi atrocities.  I had thought I did not want to read about this topic any more.  But I am glad I did.  Highly recommended.
Couldn't put it down.  History intertwined with a wonderful, exciting and sad story.  Would recommend it for anyone of high school age or older.  It's a story that will be hard to forget. Wonderful for book groups.
This sort of WWII/Holocaust book keeps me awake at night, but Hannah's book is very well written. It provides good insight into the country life of average French people and those who chose to join the Resistance.
I enjoy Hannah's books a lot, sometimes I need a gentle book to read rather than dark or thriller or intense.  For some reason I found the beginning of this difficult to get into but I ended up enjoying this book.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Held my interest from start to finish. Appealing characters you could fully identify with. You could feel their pain in all they experienced during that horrific time in our history.
You'll get hooked on this story of 2 sisters who each fight their own battle while in occupied France during WWII. While I still think Kristin Hannah isn't the strongest writer ever, this story is very compelling.
It is hard to read a story about WWII and the occupation and concentration camps without it being "dark" but the development of the characters in the story made you think, "What would I have done".
"The Nightingale" is a stunning book that recounts the events of the 40s when the Nazis brutally moved into France. The characters are beautifully drawn and  come alive for the reader. A must read for all!
I am crying as I write this review.  I love historical fiction.  This story happened to so many people during World War Two.  This writer made a compelling story line.  I will be thinking of this book a long time.
this has to be one of the best books i've ever read. This was not a subject that i would've chosen on my own. A friend read this and told me I HAD TO READ IT and boy was she right!!! AMAZING book. recommend highly
I enjoyed this book. I learned some new things about life in France during the Occupation. I wish the storyline about the orphans would have been more detailed. I feel like that story could have been another book.
The Nightingale is very well written and shows the development of its characters as the war goes on.  The people in the story are courageous and beautiful and I loved the story.  Highly recommend everyone read it.
I could not read this book fast enough, finally a book that ends well, the story has a remarkable ending, not like so many books I have read that left me hanging-praise to the author. A great story , a great read.
Well written, I couldn't put the book down. I recommend this book to everyone. I couldn't wait to read each new chapter.  Don't pass this one by, I hope you get the chance to read it and enjoy it as much as I did.
I am almost without words and I sit sobbing at the end of this book. Knowing the words on the page are of a "fiction" novel, I know this isn't far at all from what went on and people had to endure, probably worse.
A powerful, heart touching story of courage, sacrifice, loss, and redemption.  A unique focus on the heroic women of war torn WWII Francce and their strength, resolve, and heroism in one of Europe's darkest hours.
Well written and very descriptive of the German occupation of France during WW2,  narrative was vivid and showed the lives of two sisters that were quite different. A good read, held my attention, hard to put down
4 stars. The book captured my interest from the first page and continued throughout. I have never read about occupied France before, I enjoyed reading about that. The book was well written and I will recommend it.
My tears are flowing...do much wasted humanity. This war should never ever be forgotten. The atrocities of what man can do is beyond words. This book is also gentle in its tale of love and survival....a must read.
It's been a while since I've read a book that I couldn't put down and Nightingale filled the bill. Very well written and at times brought tears to my eyes. It's a book about love and survival. Highly recommend it.
Really enjoyed this book very much.  An historical novel, it relates the story of a young woman who works with the resistance group in France during World War ll. Very suspenceful - you do not want to put it down.
I am not a Kristin Hannah fan, but The Nightingale is far superior to her other books (except The Winter Garden). I hope she will write other books regarding the struggles of ordinary citizens during World War II.
Excellent .  I now have an understanding what the people surrounding the Jews were also enduring.  Development of each character held my interest. The twist of moving forward in time ,,then back was very creative.
This is one of the best books I have ever read. I simply couldn't put it down. The characters in this book felt alive and true and I somehow connected to them in a way I have never done before. I highly recommend.
One of the best books I have read this year. I have read many fictional books dealing with World War II and the hart times for ordinary people. This story really got to me and I could feel for the main characters.
I haven't read a book as moving as this in a long time.  What the people of France endured during WWII is incredibly sad and hopeful at the same time.  If you love history, especially WWII, you must read this book
There are so many books about World War 2 but this is a wonderful portrait of a different kind of war that was fought by the women left behind during war time France. It's a terrific story of heroism and strength.
This book captured my interest from the first chapter and as the story developed it was difficult to stop reading.  I enjoy reading about this time in history and the author did a terrific job bringing it to life
A wonderful, inspiring book. A tale of such loss, war and a deeper understanding of how awful world war 2 really was. I loved the writing and if kept me wanting to read more every time I put it down. A must read!
Enjoyed the depiction of wartime France. Never had really had a sense of how difficult times were there for the French. Very good story that went back-and-forth between modern times With a very interesting ending
This was the first book I've read by Kristin Hannah and I'm now a huge fan. The Nightingale was one of the best books I've read. It kept me interested and I could not put my Kindle down. Wholeheartedly recommend.
Nightingale was a wonderful fast read.  I read it in two days and couldn't put it down.  I put most of my chores on hold so I could finish it.  Once I was done I missed all the strong woman who were in the story.
It is hard to write a review when the tears are still falling from my eyes.<br/>The suspense and twists were worthy of the time I spent hoarding this book.<br/>I now understand the will to live and fight. Love.
An excellent historical novel, a page turner . Reminds  us once again how evil the Nazi regime was. It puts what the world is seeing with Isis in perspective..<br/>We should echo the mantra "NEVER AGAIN"
We just read this book in our book club...I couldn't put it down. It was excellent. Kristin's style of writing kept those pages turning...I would recommend The Nightingale to anyone!!<br/>Susan Commander Samakow
One of the best books I have ever read.  A moving tale of two French sisters, and how they survive WW II.  The depiction of life in occupied France is harrowing.  The ending brought me to tears.  Don't miss this.
Excellent book. This author is a real storyteller. This book had elements of suspense, romance, love, family, triumphing over adversity, and loss. It was great from start to finish. Have a handkerchief available.
Written beautifully..  poignant.... sad...creative...inspirational.....the reality of the past and the complete lifespan...no questions left unanswered<br/>Left me crying so hard at the end..  happily and sadly!
This is such a well written book. I enjoyed it from beginning to end. I was so into Hannahs story ,I cried several times as I realized that this was more than a story. This was a history book told by real people.
This was by far the best Kristin Hannah book so far. From the moment I started reading I couldn't put the book down. The characters seemed so real and the ending brought tears to my eyes. This is a definite read!
Kritin Hannah did an awesome job - I was totally blown away by the ending - it is one of the things I love best in her books - that you think you know how it is going to end and you are usually totally surprised!
This story of heroism and survival under impossible circumstances will not leave your mind or your heart for a long time. Not "just another book" about WWII, this one really stands out. Don't hesitate to read it.
moving story of 2 sisters and their family struggles during world war 2. poignant, heart wrenching. beautiful tale of love and human perserverance in times of great tragedy. heart warming and incredibly sad also.
I thought the book was beautifully written and well researched.  A real departure for Kristin Hannah as I have read so many of he other bookis.  This one was her first  of historical fiction and it was excellent.
This historical novel was one of the best I've read on the human spirit and how it endures during war. I couldn't put it down...a heartfelt and compelling page turner that stays with you long after the last page.
I just started this book and it is taking every ounce of self control I have to put it down and actually get something done during the day.  This is a wonderfully written historical fiction work of art...so far!!
The author takes you into the moment of the years of horror so many brave souls lived through and died trying to survive, during WWII. A very moving look into love, sacrifice, and the amazing people who lived it.
It's been awhile since I have read a WW2 novel .  Once again I was reminded of the horror and hardship that we as Americans have never known on our own soil This was a great story told from a woman's perspective.
Kristin Hannah nailed this book: characters, prose and plot.  Strength of women during German occupation, love and sacrifice during brutal wartime, and a torn family healing --all these create a memorable story.
A different twist on how the Jews were trying to get away from Germany and the people who helped them.  I actually cried at the end of the story and didn't want it to be over....and I don't often cry from books.
I just finished this book yesterday. What a sad book. Did not know at the time I started this book it would be like this. Excellent story though. I was in Paris a year ago so knew slot of the places in the book.
Never read a Kristen Hannah book I didn't like.  This was the very best - you were there, you walked in their shoes, you were hungry, cold, frightened.  Her descriptive writing makes you see and feel everything.
Well written, enthralling account of survival, love & family. I couldn't put it down.  My knowledge of WWII was from dry, class books - this book takes you into the time period. I learned much.  Excellent book!
I loved the book!  I really like the character build up.  World War II was before my time, but I was taken back to that time through this book.  Really opened my eyes to what went on with the french resistance.
This was a gripping story, sweeping you along in a tide of emotion as the lives of two sisters unfold.  The painful reality if the cruelty if the German regime is offset by the power if the hopefu human spirit.
I loved this book, and cried real  tears for the characters. I heartily recommend it. In fact I think it should be required reading for every one, especially younger people who don't grasp the realities of WW2.
Slow start but picks up. Another WWII story but with a theme of how the French were affected and how the French resistance worked and saved Allied airmen who had to parachute into French territory.poignant end.
one of the best books i have read in recent months; great story of two sisters & how they respond to the brutal nazi occupation of france in WWII;<br/>characters are well developed; i recomend this book highly
I read a book a week, and this is hands down the best book I've read so far this year. I LOVED IT. Found myself hoping the narrator wouldn't be the character it turned out to be, but loved the book nonetheless.
I loved this book about strong women. These aren't strong women supporting men, these are strong women in their own right. I'm thankful someone had captured the story of countless women in war times. Beautiful.
Just loved it, have recommended this book to all my friends.  Makes us realize just how lucky we are to be in America.  Loved the two sisters and cried with them all through the book.  Would be a great movie...
Although this is a well worn theme and I was expecting the same ole same ole, I was pleasantly surprised.  The interesting twists and turns added to the story.  If you like the World War ll era it's a good read
While I enjoyed the book, Kristin Hannah is my favorite writer..some parts were a little graphic for me. But I am sure it is because of her due diligence on getting the facts right. I had a good cry at the end.
Very well written. The research that went into the Nazi regime was obvious. I liked the two sister profiles. Each of them making a difference in their own way. It was easy for me to put myself into their lives.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. The writer has the ability to make you feel that you are actually right next to her characters experiencing what they are experiencing.  I was sad to have it end.
Kristen Hannah does a amazing job putting you in France during the Nazi invasion. You feel the plight of both the Jews and non-Jews. The story is full of characters that you care about. I didn't want it to end!
No mere romance novel, one can learn much about Europe in WWII.  The well- developed characters linger in memory and although honest about the reality of war, the ending is not hopeless, but satisfying to read.
I love Kristin Hannah and this was so different but one of her best.  You need to stick with it and has made me really think about the whole thing after.  Learned a lot while enjoying it.  Couldn't put it down.
The plot reminds me of Suite Francaise, by Irene Nemirovsky. The similarity didn't detract from my enjoyment, though. The chapters move between past and present, a mostly satisfying device for the reader, IMHO.
I could not put this book down.  Gripping story of two amazing sisters trying to survive in France during the second world war.  Hannah is a wonderful writer who never hits a false note.  Great Book Club book.
Although I have read many novels about the dark days of "Hitler's war," this seemed more personal. I could not put it down! Strong women characters--- the quiet heroes really--had such a strong impact.
The joy comes from reading such a beautifully written story and knowing the truth represented here regarding the heroines of WWII. The sadness, obviously, from reliving the horrific realities of this atrocity.
Loved the WWII story so filled with details of the wartime atrocities of the Germans in France.  You feel the actual pain these sisters suffered as many of our parents fought to free them from their suffering.
This intense yet beautiful book contrasts the experience of these two very different sisters during WW2 in France.  The women were so well developed and real and their stories were heartbreaking yet inspiring.
The book was a fast read.  Once I started reading it, I could not put it down.  The story was sad, but believable. One of the best books I have read in a long time.  Have already recommended it to many people.
You won't put this book down.  It is written so well and provokes insight into a time that most of us have never experienced.  I cried, gasped in shock and cheered on the characters.  They were all so amazing.
Amazing story, very well written.  I could not stop reading.  We sometimes forget the horrors that people had to survive and how strong they were.  This is by far the best book I have read in a long long time.
This is one of the best WWll books I have read in a long, long time.  The plot is stirring and keeps your interest alive.  The intriigue and<br/>characters make for a spell-binding saga.  Recommend it highly!
I always look forward to a new Kristin Hannah book release. She never disappoints. This World War 2 story about two sisters and the choices they made to survive stays with me long after I turned the last page.
The Nightingale quickly jumped to one of my all-time favorite books. The writing style, characters, and story were all captivating. I'm excited to choose it for my book club because I can't wait to discuss it.
This was so different from her other books but it is by far her best. I loved the characters, her development of them, and how she tied everything together at the end.  She definitely did her research on WWII.
Sometimes it was hard to read about the life of these people in France during WW2, but it was a fascinating story, exciting and a hard to put down read!  I liked it very much!  Would be a great movie, I hope!!
From page one to the very end of this gripping book, I was totally immersed in the story.  The characters were brought to life in a way that I felt I knew them.  This is one of the best books I have ever read.
Kristen Hannah is a wonderful storyteller and this was an amazing story to be told!  The story of a family torn apart by war, but brought together by finally understanding each ones part to withstand this war.
I lost sleep reading this book. I couldn't  put it down. I didn't quite ever know who the protagonist  was until the end. I would definitely  recommend  this book to anyone  who likes character  driven novels.
I would never seek out a historical fiction novel but I do like Kristin Hannah; so I decided to try The Nightingale. It was fabulous! Best book I have read in a long time. Do yourself a favor and buy this one!
Kristin Hannah never disappoints.  This story was very good and I love how Hannah keeps us guessing throughout the entire book!!  I highly recommend The Nightingale, especially if you like Historical Fiction.
Excellent and gripping storytelling. I genuinely loved and hated and cried for the characters who were portrayed so beautifully in this tale of loss and heroism and survival against a background of pure evil.
I found this book hard to put down even though the subject matter was disturbing and heartbreaking . It is amazing what people can adjust to and do in the worst of circumstances. These women were true heroes.
Easily one of the top 10 fiction books I've read. The author's dialogue and historical accuracy are refreshing and I cannot recommend this book enough. It consumed my life for the few days it took me to read.
Beautifully developed characters. The author has captured a time in history and draws a picture from the perspective of many different effected groups. Grabs you from the very beginning. Couldn't put it down.
The book was fantastic! I couldn't put it down and it stayed with me for days afterwards in my head. The characters were so real. The author really made you think about  what Europe went through back in WWII.
The author has very skillfully woven the threads of this story. I didn't "lose" a single character while reading this riveting narrative of lives impacted by the Nazi takeover of France during WW II.
This was a wonderful book.  I could hardly put it down and read it in two days.  It also keeps you guessing until the end.  It is a story of brave people during the Second World War.  Don't pass this one up.
I am not a Kristin Hannah fan, but loved this book.  A really good look at what it was like to be living in both Paris and rural France during WWII.  Don't know if I could have done it.  Well worth the read.
The author was able to capture my interest to the point of tears.  I had to stop several times and compose myself before returning to the story .  The ending brought me to tears once again and a quiet "hush"
Love the way she writes.  Have read all of her books and enjoyed them very much.  A nice switch from the suspense novels I also read.  Am looking forward to her next novel; know it will also be good reading.
This was one of those books that I just couldn't put down.  The story was so compelling, and I could not stop thinking about it after I finished reading the book.  I have recommended it to all of my friends!
This book was hard to put down; the characters and story line drew me in immediately.  It was so well written with a compelling story line.  I was completely surprised by the ending.  A truly wonderful read.
I really enjoyed this book.  It started a little slow for me but grew into a terrific novel.  I felt like I was there and could feel what the characters were going through.  What a difficult time in history.
Loved this book from the first page. I was there suffering with Isobel and Vianne. Passed it on to my teen and she declared that it was so good that she was now ready for "adult novels." We will see.
Truly one of the best books I have ever read.  Heartfelt, emotional and raw...I felt like I was there, living through the awful conditions of Nazi occupation.  A part of history that should not be forgotten.
The Nightingale is not just a book, it's an experience. Without question one of the best I've ever read and one of those rare books that leaves you sad when you've read the last word. Very very special . . .
Long a fan of Kristin Hannah, "The Nightingale" is superb writing about WWII in France and the resistance to the Nazis.  "In love we find out who we want to be; in war, we find out who we are." This quote summarizes the plot, as 2 sisters, with such opposite personalities, prove their courage and heroism in different ways during the war.  I could not put the novel down. It is great historical fiction, carefully researched.  Faced with terrifying life and death moments, one has to reflect on how one would react during such times of crisis.  The novel is beautifully descriptive in terms of the French countryside before/after the ravages of war, as well as packed with action and emotions.<br/>  I had recently read "Pegasus" by Danielle Steele, dealing with the changes to the aristocracy brought about by the Nazis and the struggles to start new lives in America- it also was fabulous historical fiction. However, the "Nightingale" really brings home the sights and sounds, the conflicts of a war torn land and the many facing homelessness.  I highly recommend reading both!<br/>The nightingale in literature and poetry can represent melancholy and joy, love and loss, and life and death.
Beautifully written book about France in WWII and the underground movement.  Very well told - draws you into the lives of the two sisters and their response to trying to live under the control of the Nazis.
This is a fabulous story about WW2 told from the perspective of French Women who had their lives invaded. Similar to "Those Who Save Us" told from a German woman's perspective. One of Hannah's best.
This gripping story is well written and poignant with characters who  will live on the reader's mind, it is a tour de force and stands out in the  many novels set during World War II in Europe. A fine read.
It was a very good story of how World War II was in France for the people who were not soldiers.  We forget about those who stayed home waiting for their loved ones to return.  Very strong women characters.
Wonderfully descriptive novel of a dark period with great character development and the presentation of the many themes arising during the WWII period. A page turner that will be discussed in our book club.
Great read.<br/>I got involved with the characters and events.<br/>Good insight as to what it was like in France during the war and the hardships the people experienced.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
You're taken in by the family story to start but soon the war and description of like in a German run French village overtake all else EXCEPT the tales of The Nightgale which culminate in a surprise ending.
Nightingale was,well written,profound and touching! I usually don't even consider rating most books I read because they are not worth the effort. I will now be reading everything Kristin Hanna has in print!
I like historical fiction and enjoyed this book very much! Definitely gives the perspective of what it was like to be a woman left to take care of herself in an era that many woman were unprepared to do so.
This was an extremely interesting story about the hardships and bravery experienced during the Nazi occupation of France.  The book is well written with believable characters.  I enjoyed the book very much.
I enjoyed Kristin's novel.  I am a big fan of Kristen's work and found this book to be exceptional.  Even though it is fiction it did describe so many of the events and atrocities of World War II very well.
I would recommend this to all readers, as a chronicle of events that must never be forgotten, written from the standpoint of the women who played such an important, though unsung, part during the awful war.
Best book I have read in years. Sad but events that should never be forgotten.  Characters come alive and you live through events as they unfold. This book is a must read. Kristin Hannah is a gifted writer.
KRISTEN HANNAH is my favorite author. I have read many books, but hers always touch my heart. She did not let me down with this book. If you begin this book, it will be one you will not be able to put down.
I could not put this book down!  I've read about the part the Vichy government played in WW 2 , but I am amazed at man's inhumanity towards his fellow man.  We must continue to read so that we never forget.
Kristin Hannah is always an enjoyable read.  This book is unique from her other books that I have read.  It really touched my heart and let me see just what suffering occurred during the opposition of WWII.
I just finished this book and I was amazed at the graphic way Kristin Hannah described life in wartime Paris.  I have always thought Ms. Hannah<br/>was a literary lightweight but this book proved me wrong.
Great book on occupied France during WWII.  Not only tells about the French Resistance and persecution of the Jewish people, but also what the regular French people had to endure at the hands of the Nazis.
Enjoyed it but I felt like I'd read<br/>It before. Very similar especially with the<br/>Description of the hiding<br/>Place in the Paris apt and the<br/>Billeting of Nazi officers in French farm homes.
This author is so good.  I try to get me hands on all her books,  This book is a little different than most of her books but I loved it.  This is one of those books I can't put down but you hate it to end.
it was a very good read. It isn't a period of time I enjoy reading about but once I started couldn't stop.  So much suffering for so many people during this period of history. Lets hope we never repeat it.
Wonderful literature.  Would recommend it highly Full of history about WWII in France and the struggles of the heroines and their family and friends. Best book I read recently. Am hooked on Kristen Hannah.
I loved this book and highly recommend it.  A heart-rending story of two beautiful sisters, each very strong in her own way, trying to endure the atrocities of the Nazis infiltration of France during WWII.
Excellent read by Kristin Hannah.  The perspectives of two sisters and the consequences of their decisions during World War II held my attention throughout the narrative. One of this author's best efforts!
The characters in this book were developed so thoroughly.  The descriptions were very vivid.  I have continued to think about these women on a daily basis since finishing this book.  I highly recommend it.
A remarkable story of two young women and how they became heroines by stepping up and doing what they could while living what seemed an everyday life. You will not want to put it down. Beautifully written.
The  most touching book I have read in a long time.  I will remember the characters as if I knew them as real people.  This book reached into the depth of my soul.  I would recommend this book to everyone!
By far the best read this year.  I did nothing for two days but read, I couldn't put it down. It was a mystery, even when you know much of the history that you were reading. I'd give it 6 stars if possible
This was recommended  by a good friend it reads great from beginning to end. I cried and laughed and was sorry to see it end. I must admit I was somewhat surprised at the end. This reminds us never forget
I enjoyed the realism portrayed of historic events. Usually I have trouble making it through historical novels. This one however had me hooked and kept me involved in the story. Kristin Hannah wins again.
VERY good book - hard to put down. Yes, some of the coincidences are a little far-fetched, but that did not really distract from the overall story and was very easy to forgive. Would definitely recommend.
Wonderful book. The view of Nazi occupied France is one I will never forget. The story was riveting for me and I had a hard time putting the book down. The story is beautiful, sad and inspiring. Loved it.
This book reminded me of the amazing strength and resilience people had during the war.  And to be so grateful for our freedoms and to pray I never and my children never experience the evils of the Nazis.
I enjoyed this book very much. It's the first one I've read by Kristin Hannah, and I plan to read more. Her characters are very well developed, and the story is provocative and inspiring.  Lovely writing.
The story line is riveting and the descriptions, and adjectives used were endless ,sometimes too repetitive. The story at the end does not explain the events after the war to connect them to the very end.
I really enjoyed this book.  I thought it was original, interesting and it pulled at the heart strings (sometimes really hard).  It was a really great perspective of the war from the perspective of women.
A slow starter for me, but as I got into it, I began to see the development of the two sisters, who each in their own way,  became part of the  French resistance against the Nazis.  Another good novel by Kristen Hannah,
Another riveting and passionate novel to the last page!  Highly recommend this wonderfully depicted story of human courage and frailty, determination, loss, and love beyond concern for self. So heartfelt!
Another riveting Kristin Hannah novel.  Spoiler alert:  I totally had wrong which sister received the invitation to the reunion in Paris.  Love the clever twist, but hate it too. I loved these characters.
A wonderfully written book that is very difficult to put down.  I began reading this on a flight from Europe to the States and I don't remember much about  the trip because I was so riveted to this story.
Very difficult to stay with it in some places due to the cruelty of the Germans to the French people,  So incredible what the occupied towns and village people endured.  The deprivation is hard to handle.
This was a great read.  The character development was superb.  The plot lead one through many facits of war occupation.  The connection between the two sisters was an added another dimension to the story.
The book was interesting and held some suspense.  I love Kristen Hannah books and I highly recommend this book for people interested in WW2.<br/>The book was a page turner. This is one of her best books.
I am a fan of Kristin Hannah. I've read all of her books. This one took a different turn with historical fiction.  I thoroughly enjoyed the story line. I balled like a baby at the end. That's rare for me.
This will always be one of my favorite books.  It's so well written and researched. I'm so proud of Kristin Hannah for bringing to life what the French people endured through WW ll.  A very powerful book!
This was such a great read! As a reader you were immediately caught up in the story and the entwined lives of these characters who face the horrors of war. It is a story of courage, love, and forgiveness.
One of the best books I've read in a long time.  Many realistic details of the very difficult life in occupied World War II France.  Loved both main characters.  An inspiring story.  Don't miss this one!
An excellent story of bravery and heroism in a struggling family in the midst of war.  Nice to read about women heroines,love, family struggles and relationships during a difficult tragic time in history
The reader has a good sense of the struggle and turmoil of WWII in this story. One is really drawn into the tension of crossing the Pyrenees and living day to day with the German occupiers. A great read.
It was a good book. I just remember I Have read book longtime go. This have a longtime go in war time to be safe from Germany..This book should be read in high school.She is a good writer. That all folk.
Great WWII book with war, destruction, love, and family.  A great balance of action and emotion.  Characters are well developed and the scenery takes you to another time and world that is unfamiliar now.
The style of the author is simple.  No challenging or embedded ideas, and ordinary vocabulary.  Plot is interesting, and I just visited that area of France, so it became an addendum to my summer travels.
I thought this was a great book, but some parts could have been better researched.  For example: all the Nazis had to do to tell if Ari was a Jew was to pull his pants down and see if he was circumcised.
This book about heroic sisters who survived WW2 in Europe was so compelling that I read it in 2 sittings.Anyone who is a fan of historical fiction, family dynamics and love stories will enjoy this novel.
The realization of what theses people endured during this horrible time is almost to overwhelming for words!! What they endured & sacrificed to live breaks my heart & makes me so grateful for my life!!!!
Excellent writing. Story gripped me from the beginning.  I lost family in the war so this book wAs particularly meaningful for me. At the end I had tears streaming down my face. Don't be afraid, read it,
Loved this book from the first page to the last.  Having lived thru WWII I could relate to the story. Sad , but the author did her research and everything seemed so true.A must read for the hard hearted.
I was enthralled throughout book and have purchased one for friend.  Was told of book by friend even though she knows I prefer mysteries.  Had purchased at Amazon but not read.  Am certainly happy I did.
This was the first book I have read by Kristin Hannah but it won't be the last! It was a page turner and while it was a more serious subject than I usually read on vacation I thoroughly enjoyed the book!
This was an excellent read. The author caught the terror of the time, World War II in France. Purposeful as well as reluctant bravery was portrayed by the characters in ways we cannot even imagine today.
Every individual weave of this finely crafted tail takes you to another time and place.  I feel a new understanding of and respect for the pain of the war.  And for the power and resilience of humankind.
Beautiful and heartbreaking story.  As much as I didn't want it to end, I wanted to finish crying.  Deeply touched and so thankful to the author.  I hope this review helps someone else choose to read it.
My 93 yr. old mother enjoyed this book as well as me.  She said she had no idea what was happening in France during WWII because the media was focusing on America, Great Britain and Germany.  Great book!
Just when I had decided which character to like and which not to like things changed. Both ended up worthy of respect, and although there wasn't the exact happy ending I had hoped for, it was a good one.
LOVED this book - I like historical fiction immensely - especially wwII - and this book did not disappoint - excellent read right to the end.  Hoping for more from this author and more of the same genre.
The best I've read so far by Kristin Hannah. I felt like I knew each character personally. I learned a great deal about the German occupation in France and I was touched by the heroics of the characters.
I am still crying... When a author has the ability to bring one to tears it is just wonderful.. Finished the book a few weeks ago and I am still thinking about many of the characters and still get weepy.
This is an incredible book!  One that will stay with me for a very long time, mentally and emotionally. This one is a definite keeper! I love all of Hannah's books, but I do believe this is her best yet.
This has easily become one of my top favorite novels! I finished it last night and cried my eyes out like I knew the characters personally. Such a wonderfully written story that captures you immediately!
Heartbreakingly beautiful!
I could not put this book down.  Such a talented author who transported me unwillingly into the ugliness of war.  But with this despair she reminds us amidst tragedy we can always find hope. I loved it!
A wonderful story about the ravages of war on family and country.  While the back and forth with time was used as an element to enhance surprise, I would have preferred a more straight forward approach.
Wow. Such a beautiful story line in a harrowing backdrop. There were moments when I wanted to cry for the characters, and towards the end, I did. Highly recommended, especially if you like WWII fiction.
Kristin Hannah doesn't disappoint with her latest novel. I loved the characters from the beginning and she was able to give the reader an insight of what families went through during this horrific time.
This book grabs you from page one... It is a page turner from beginning to end. With Interesting characters and plot, it is well written with minimal description. The pace<br/>made it hard to put down.
An engaging story, even though it's possible (probable) the author took some liberties in writing about wartime France.  Still, I loved the book and the main characters.  A great read, highly recommend.
Loved this book! The story has been told before, but this one did it justice with its memorable characters & storyline. I very much liked the authors descriptions & felt I was there living every moment!
This is an amazing story of the courageous French women during WW II. The characters are unforgettable. Now I want to do some research to discover the truth behind this amazing novel. Grab your tissues.
Loved this book it really made me think about WWII and all the injustices.  It was a great book it gave you some different perspectives of the war.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and would recommend it
A heart wrenching story of survival, determination, selflessness and love against all odds.  It is utterly impossible to imagine how anyone survived the brutality of WW II.  Well written and very moving
Loved this book. Travel back to France during WWII with sisters who get through the trials of wartime with very different methods. Wonderful character development & suspenseful read. Hated to finish it!
I seldom give 5 stars, but for me "The Nightingale" was one of the best read for 2015. Exciting, full of empathy and love in spite of the times it is written about. Read it ,it is so worthwhile.
I really enjoyed this tale of two sisters and what they both went through during the war. It was hard to put down because I became so wrapped up in the two main characters. I highly recommend this book.
This book was about a different part of the war. I hadn't read much about the French people and their hardships. A lot was left unsaid but I am glad I read it and have recommend it to some of my friends
Been into WWII books lately. This one was a fantastic perspective on what women went through during the war and different ways that they showed incredible strength and courage. Fantastic writing style too!
Such a great book...difficult to read just because of the unimaginable atrocities done to innocent people...  The author made me feel as if I was living it...so emotional and yet couldn't put it down...
This story deals with the harsh realities of war, families and survival.  Set in a time of unsettled and terrifying Nazi occupation, the story is so full of life, characters, relationships, and emotion.
Very painful to read.  An awful time in history.  Characters were well defined and believable.  Interesting story on the different ways good people coped with the Nazi invasion and occupation in France.
Absolutely loved this story.  Loved reading about what the women went through in times of war.  She always weaves such a great story in with historical facts....so beautifully done, and always a twist!
I was so into this book that time passed so quickly.  It is so well written that I felt a part of it.  At times, I cried. At other times I was frightened. The end is bittersweet.  A definite must read.
A heart wrenching story of a dark time in history.  Hannah always has a story to tell about sisters, family and how much we don't really know about each other, but judge based on what we think we know.
All of Kristen Hannah's books are great.  This was somewhat of a departure for her, but it was a great read.  Lots of history, so I'm sure there was a great deal of research involved.  Really liked it.
This book is so compelling, it stays with you long after you finish reading it. The historical descriptions of life in France during the Nazi occupation were incredibly realistic and thought provoking.
I could not put this book down! I learned so much and was cheering on and crying for the characters throughout the entire book. I love all of Kristin Hannah's books, but this one is my favorite by far!
for sure makes it to the top of the best 100 books I have ever read, cried and cried...I will never forget the characters. Beautifully told story of World War II and the slaughter of the Jewish people.
As all books by this amazing author it is a masterpiece.  I found myself drawn in to this story unable to put it down.  Truly well written and a modern classic. A must read for all old and young alike.
I would highly recommend this novel based on historical facts of French Resistance during World War II.<br/>I did not realize the depth of torture and suffering during the war.<br/>Highly recommend.
This is a wonderful tale about the French underground that held my attention throughout.  I can tell that Hannah has done the research and created a storyline that represents the struggles during WW2.
What can one say about a perfectly well crafted story? I couldn't put this book down. This is a truly inspiring story of love, courage, loss , triumph of the spirit and history. I recommend it highly.
Great story and gave a new light to WW 2 stories.  Great character development--really grew to love most of them.  Would have liked a little more info about her life after war but real story was told.
This is a great book club read. Although much is written about the WWII Resistance in France, this is a heart-rending tale. Great characters and interesting plot twists. Very strong female characters.
Kristin Hannah delivers a tense, well researched  story set in WW II France.  She spends a while introducing characters, so be patient. Once the story gets going you will have trouble putting it down.
One of the best, but saddest books I have read. With triumphant moments, a remarkable portrayal of life in occupied France and how 2 sisters persevered. Similar feel to "All the light you cannot see".
Well written! Captured my interest from beginning to end. Recommend to all book clubs or anyone who loves to read. Sad and heartbreaking but thought provoking and meaningful to living<br/>And loving.
What an excellent book. I always thought Kristin Hannah was,a good Authour but she has outdone herself in this book. It one of the best books I have ever read. You must read this book it is that good.
I have read many novels where parts of this book's theme is explored. The Nightingale is many stories woven deftly together and the result is stunning. A must read. Emotional, serious, heart breaking.
I would give this book 10 stars if possible . The emotions it gives you is incredible . A heartbreaking story that gives us a small glimpse of what some might have really experienced during this war .
Great historical fiction, I feel like I know what it was like to be in German occupied France as a woman.  The only complaint I have about the book was that the main love story is just not believable.
AMAZING AMAZING!! This book had me so emotional all throughout. It is so well-written, I fell in love with all the characters. What these women go through during the war is unbelievable. A must read!!
I love love love Kristin Hannah. Her books never leave me  unsatisfied. The characters are well developed but never boring. I may not always like the endings but it is a great reflection of real life.
Beautifully written and heartfelt story of two French sisters during WWII. I was riveted by the story and have bought the book to give others. Warning....have a box of kleenexs close by while reading.
I can't begin to tell you how much I loved this book. I thought about it for days after I finished the last page.  Kristin Hannah is an incredibly gifted writer and I can't wait to read more from her.
I put this book down only while sleeping and during this time, could only literally dream about what was next. Thank you for this vivid portrayal of struggles endured by men and women I know and love.
A poignant and emotional capture of the pain and horror of France under Nazi control. It is unapologetic of the whys and the hows and focuses on the few that were brave and stood up to the atrocities.
Kristin Hannah brings to painful light more of WWII and women and the French Resistance.  A moving and excellent story of survival amidst the most horrendous of years.  Very important to never forget.
This is such a wonderful book that I was sorry it had to end. It is about Nazi occupied France during WWII.<br/>It highlights the strength of women in the face of horrible persecution and oppression.
This story reveals the reality of war; hate, forgiveness, love and so many emotions and feelings the author captured throughout the book.  This was so well written and is a must read.  Very well done!
I would highly recommend this novel and think it gives added insight to the role of women during war time. Strength, courage and finding what really matters; what is worth living, lying and dying for.
I love historical fiction, and this book was truly the best of both worlds.  Enjoyed learning more about the horrors of Auschwitz and what the French went through during the German occupation in WWII.
I was so touched by the emotion, the bravery, the love, and the courage in this book, and i was blown away by the ending. It was not at all what i had expected! Beautifully written, powerfully told...
Beautifully written story about one of the world's most horrific events. You feel the anguish, terror, and love of each. I wept through the final chapters and still think about each of the characters.
Very well written and very informative about the Nazi invasion of Paris. The bravery of those people who were tortured was amazing and their strength to look forward to a new future. I loved the book.
I've read most of the books this author has written.  I can say that this is the very best one. I could not put the book down. The characters are so real.  I loved the story line from start to finish. Nightingale is historical fiction at its finest.
This is such a well-written and honest book. It hurts to read many parts when you read of mankind's brutality, but there are heroes found in every day people who help us survive the hardships of life.
Couldn't put this book down.  I think it's the author's best work to date.  The story line goes in directions that I didn't expect.  I felt the characters' pain through all the suffering they endured.
The Nightingale was an outstanding novel.  The Author did a beautiful job with the characters, I couldn't put the book down.  It makes you wonder if faced with the same adversity how you would react.
An amazing read that transports the reader to the terrible days of the german occupation of France.  It reminds us of the heroism of the few and the total complicity of the Vichy government in helping to murder thousands of its own citizens.
This was a beautifully written story of the French people during WWII. It was very moving. I recommend it to anyone interested in that era, and it was a real tribute to  strength of the human spirit.
Captivating read.  It is hard to imagine such difficult times or such cruelty - but these characters lived through it when so many millions did not.  Heart-rending, especially the children's stories.
Hannah has you walk in the shoes of two French women as they encounter loss of family, friends and country.  You get a true picture of what the French endured under the German occupation during WWII.
I could not put this book down.  I felt like I was living the story with the characters.  Excellent writing and an important subject that needs to be told about the Nazis invading France during WWII.
Good, quick read. This is a good story of two sisters, each dealing in her own way, with the Second World War in France. It is well written and the story moves forward at a nice pace. Most enjoyable!
It should be required reading for high school students ....they don't get enough history. I simply couldn't put it down .I felt such pain and gratitude  for the women in this book. A really good read
Another wonderful and poignant presentation of life in German occupied France during World War II.  Gripping, suspenseful and full of human strength in the face of unimaginable adversity and cruelty.
It was one of the best books I've read in several years. You really get to know the characters and see the trials that the French people went through during these dark years.  Would highly recommend.
I really enjoyed reading this!  It is stark reminder of how life changed dramatically for the Jews during WWII and yet how many people found ways to fight back.  Great historical information as well.
Fantastic book!  I read this after finishing "All the Light We Cannot See"...not an easy book to follow in terms of quality!  However, The Nightingale did not disappoint!  Highly recommended!
This family storyline grips your hart strings and you can hardly put it down.  Just surviving the war makes one a hero but this family goes beyond survival and plays an important roll in our history.
This is a great book. Full of history and suspense, great characters. Really made me think about the lives of women and children when occupied by Germany in WW2. Best book I have read in a long time!
I love the way the author used history to tell the unique stories of these two sisters. The clarity which she revealed their personalities and shared their experiences during the war was captivating.
This book kept me engaged and wondering who was narrating, what would happen next, and how it would all end.  Plus, I didn't realize how pervasively the Germans had occupied all of France during WW2.
Slow to start the story caught steam but ending was a bit too tidy and a bit hard to believe. Wish the unbelievable atrocities these two sisters endured had not ended up feeling so contrived and pat.
I typically will never read a historical novel, I am so glad I read this. It was so real and the characters were amazing. It was heart wrenching and told about a side of the war I've never read about
There us nothing in this book I would change.<br/>The raw honesty of how it was to live in Occupied France during WWII has reawakened, as it should , the need to always fight evil whatever the cost.
I really enjoyed this book - I have read the negative reviews and I disagree with them.  It may not be perfect but the characters stayed with me long after I finished the novel and that says a lot...
What interested me was where the book was set and to read about the hardships of the citizens of Paris through the German occupation of France.  I like to learn something from every book that I read.
I really enjoy historical fiction and found this story one of my favorites in awhile.  It was hard to read at times but that is only because of the time it takes place.  I highly recommend this story
A very well written, thought provoking story that deals with the horrors experienced by all of those souls who were in Europe during WWll and the bravery/heroism exhibited by many unsung individuals.
Well delineated characterization... well written.  Thoughtful examination of two sisters attempting to live their lives and trying to do what each believed was best in the midst of War and Holocaust.
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME.  FIVE STARS IS NOT ENOUGH.  COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN.  I HOPE KRISTIN HANNAH WILL WRITE MORE BOOKS LIKE THIS.  I NEVER REVIEW BOOKS BUT THIS WAS A MUST.
I was not impressed with the first half. I thought the interaction between sisters and father was a little maudlin and contrived, but it got better as I slogged on.<br/>I ended up enjoying the tale.
Well written study in family dynamics during the politically volatile,World War II era in France. The characters are well developed and the historical  integrity gives a solid foundation to the plot.
By far the best book that Ms. Hannah has written.  I loved it.  I was right there in Paris during the war.  The characters were real and well developed.  Amazing book. I don't hand out 5 stars often.
Loved this book.  The characters are brave and courageous.  The evils of war so  evident in this book.  Kept my interest and couldn't wait to get to it. Makes me wonder if I would ever be that brave?
I loved this book.  It made me cry several times, which is very difficult.  I didn't give it 5 stars because it has to be a life changing book to get 5, but it was a wonderful book.  Highly recommend
Had me in tears at several parts throughout the book. To read about some of the atrocities that were perpetrated by the Nazis. The courage exhibited by others that could have faced death for helping.
Very compelling and moving story about the plight of the French during the Nazi occupation.<br/>But also kind of formulaic in that almost everyone lives to tell the tale, except the Jews, of course.
Kristin Hannah has done it again.This is a story about two sisters and the horrors of World War II in France.You wonder how people can endure so much and live.You will not want to put this book down.
One of the best books I've read this year. I am an avid reader of all genres.  I look for something that will make me feel and character that will live on in my mind. The Nightingale did both. Brava.
I loved it!  It was almost like you were there experiencing everything that the characters were experiencing during the takeover by Nazi troops.  I highly recomment this novel - couldn't put it down.
This is one of the best second world war stories I have ever read. I could not put it down for any length of time. I had to keep reading. K .h. has done it again. I can hardly wait for her next book.
What a great book. I've read so many historical fiction books about WW2 but never one about women being the protagonist. It was insightful, heart-wrenching, well written book. I highly recommend it.
Very moving story of amazing bravery in occupied France during the war. Two sisters so very different - each showing strength in their different ways. I could not put this book down - sad but strong
The author has you on the edge of your seat wishing you could be a charchter in the book to help with the cause.  Wonderful book about struggles and looking at a person's heart in stead of the face.
I wasn't sure at the beginning, another story of war... But as I pass the pages it got better and better, beautiful, sad, eye opening... women need more recognition for surviving during tough times!
Captured and held your attention from the very beginning. Most difficult to put down. Quite thought provoking and memorable that people like the characters in the book really did and still do exist.
The book was very moving. There were times I couldn't put the book down. Women played an important role during the war and this book allowed me to see into their lives and what war had done to them.
I highly recommend this book. It is tale well written of what happened to the French people when occupied by Nazi Germany. The friendships, loves, the inhumanity of the Germans to the French people.
The best book I've read this year.  The author has written it so you experience what the French people endured through this terrible period of the German occupation and the Jewish "problem."
The story was interesting. It introduced France under the occupation of the Germans during WWII, through the stories of two sisters. The whole historical perspective got me thinking for a long time.
Could hardly put it down!  What a terrific, believable, well written book.  It was more like a biography than a novel.  Had not previously read a Kristin Hanna book before but plan to in the future.
Really enjoyed this book even though it brought tears to my eyes.  The horror of war is horrific.  Many surprises and turns but you really<br/>get to know the characters and can identify with them.
Could not put this book down.....very compelling writing and characters.  An excellent presentation of WW!! and the French Resistance plus a good deal about the Holocaust.  Recommend it very highly!
I loved everything about this novel.  The history, the people and the all too real horrors of war.  I can't say much without giving the story away, but please, read this book you will not regret it!
One of the best novels I have read in many years. It was compelling and suspenseful. The characters were well developed and the story showed an interesting view of France during the Nazi occupation.
Hard to put down.  An accurate portrayal of life in Occupied France.  Covered all the bases well.  A sad account but where you don't realize everything until near the end of the book.  Well written.
This is one of the best books I have read in the past few years. Extremely well written and it gives an excellent description of what it must have been like to have lived in a Nazi occupied country.
I loved this book.  I think perhaps it is a book that women will relate to more than men do.  The author does a wonderful job of telling the story.  It is one of the best books I have read recently.
Despite the fascinating story line I found I just never could get really into it.  There were enough moments, however, that I kept reading to the end.  It took forever, however.  It shouldn't have.
I've totally enjoyed the book despite a few historical errors. I am so glad that I've purposely ignored those negative reviews on this book. Judging the book before reading it is utterly absurd!
Great Story, I think was somewhat based on reality. I had heard of "Nightengale" before and have admired the contributions of so many in attempts to survive and to overthrow the oppressors.
What a beautiful and inspiring story. I resisted reading yet another world war 2 saga. But I'm glad I finally gave in. The loyalty and deep feelings for family and close friends transcends so much.
This is a wonderfully written, heart wrenching book that conveys the trials, despair, love and courage of those who populate this book, in war torn France. It was riveting and powerful. A must read
One of ny new favorite reads! It started out a bit slow for me; once I hit halfway, I couldnt put it down! Finished the second half in a day and cried through the ending. Excellent, excellent book.
This was a wonderful book which was historically accurate and one I will not forget.t gave me a greater understanding of the suffering and torture that went on during the Nazi occupation of France.
Loved the book and hated for it to end.  Going through withdrawals looking for something else this compelling, real and emotional to read.  A challenge in courage, adversity and personal fortitude.
One of the most amazing books I've ever read. So descriptive that you feel the pain of the characters. Such emotion that sadness fills you, but hope pushes you forward through the story. Fantastic!
The Nightingale was one of my most enjoyable reads. I hated to see it end, and wanted to savor it awhile before starting a new novel. I am looking forward to reading more of Kristin Hannah's books.
So worth to read!  Do not normally read these type of books but thought would try it when I saw the reviews.  This book was written so well.  Loved this book and would highly recommend it to anyone
It is a captivating story from the very beginning.  An account of WWII that I have never heard, how the women survived under German occupation.  I will recommend it even to my 14 year old daughter.
Books about the 2nd World War always keep me interested especially when one read of the bravery of you people especially women. Interesting  all the way through.  A good read. about amazing people.
It's been a while since I've read a book that made feel like I was invested in the characters. This book made me tear up more than once but it's a book of life and survival in the darkest of times.
Another heart wrenching read. The characters draw you in and the storyline is one you can't put down. Highly recommend, but I'll warn you, this one can be a tear jerker if you're a sucker, like me.
Loved this book.  I did not want it to end.  I will now read all of Kristin Hannah's books.  Her characters come to life and I was transported to their surroundings.  She is my new favorite author.
I am generally disinclined to read fiction, but I am so glad I chose to read this. Believable, heartbreaking, and forces one to focus on the suffering ordinary French citizens went through in WWII.
She is one of the best Arthur's that I read all the time her books are phenomenal. This was one of the best books ever written by Kristin Hannah. I can't wait for her to come out with another book.
As difficult as this story was to read, I couldn't stop because of the history it told. Some stories aren't happy but they are important. The brave participants made it possible for others to live.
I read this book immediately following the "other" big novel set in France in World War II so I was a little weary of the topic.  However, I persevered and ended up really enjoyed the book.
While we in America struggled with rations during WWII, Europe was faced with cities and homes occupied with Nazis.  Such courage in the face of death to get the word out and save those they could.
I'm not a fan of stories about the 2nd World War but have not read one from the French perspective.  This story was very intriguing and very well written.  I enjoy Kristen Hannah's books very much.
Historical fiction about occupied France in World War II, so from the civilian perspective.  Harrowing, engrossing.  I still want to know what happened to Antoine.  I might have to read it again...
This book was unexpectedly emotional in so many ways. The strength of women at such trying times was sad yet inspiring. I truly do not know how people endured such pain and hardship. Excellent read
Such a wonderful story! I loved the characters and the charm of all of them. Having lost an aunt and 2 cousins in  camps , reading this story gave me insight to all everyone went through in Europe.
Wow, I loved it !!!  I always look for books concerning WWII..... this story of 2 sisters in France was lovely....<br/>I couldn't put it down..... what a great read..... even had tears at the end.
I very much enjoyed the book. I was a young girl about the age of the two sisters during the second<br/>world war so I can relate to what they went through. I feel Ms. Hannah did an excellent Job.
Wonderful story of the role French women played during World War II. You watched the characters grow and change through their experiences. Highly recommended for those who enjoy historical fiction.
I love this Author, kristin Hannah,  This book is the best one that she has written.  A lot of historyof WW2 so very educational also. Just a book I hated for it to finish since I loved it so much
Hannah opens the reader's eyes to another side of war.  Nightingale creates good book club discussion and thoughtful views about the tragedy of far-reaching conflict that sucks in innocent people.
I teach history and often don't like World War II plot lines, however this book was much more than historical fiction.  The character development and plot progression was full of twists and turns.
This was an inspiring story and I was unable to put it down after starting it.  The suspense was very good and kept you wondering what would happen next.  Very good story and was quite insightful.
This book would not leave my heart alone. One life is so precious and so much of the world fails to understand that. Sure makes me want to be more compassionate and value  what is really important
I loved this book! I have read many other novels that take place in France during World War II  and this one is at the top of my list. Wonderful character development and haunting visual memories.
So very realistic and heart moving. Recommended reading for everyone to understand the horror of war. Always hate what has happened to so many people because of this terrible mistreatment of Jews.
First book I've read by Kristin Hannah and now I'm a fan of hers and reading her other novels.  I thought that the characters in the story were well developed as was the plot and its WW2 backdrop.
Great glimpses and insights into the dangers and deprivations of Occupied France. A few surprises, but lots predictable too. I was moved and terrified at times and certainly sustained an interest.
I really enjoyed this book. Even though it is a about a very dark time in Europe, it's focus is the strength of family and character through unbelievable difficulties. I would highly recommend it.
I could not put it down. Kristen Hannah weaves an absolutely amazing story of truths. It was painful and glorious all at once. I have read many books on WW2, but this is defiantly one if the best.
One of the best books that I have read in a long time and not the type of book that I usually do read. The characterizations are excellent and the plot keeps you guessing but fulfilled at the end.
I loved this book...I found myself thinking about the characters all day long! I couldn't wait to get home to read:) I was stunned at the end of the book when I realized WHO was telling the story!
This book was okay.  I think those who raved perhaps do not read much.  It was hard to read and melodramatic at times.  "All the Light We Cannot See" was much better - a solid five starts.
I thought the story started out a little slow but once I got into it, I could not stop reading.  I highly recommend this book.  This book tells a beautiful story of survival, forgiveness and love.
Gripping, well drawn characters, compelling story. Vivid description of French resistance and of what France was like during WWII. Writing is rather pedestrian, but nonetheless a really good read.
Every character of this book had depth and personality; some I fell in love with and others I wanted to strangle. If a book has me feeling this way, I know it's a great one and this one surely is.
Was beautifully written, and like "The Book Thief" a horrible situation treated with as much dignity as possible.  Don't read the last chapter<br/>until you get there.  I loved this book.
Perfect combination of love, war, tragedy, and hope. I was taken on a journey through time and my eyes were truly opened to the horror experienced by the French people during the war. A must read!
This was a beautifully written novel. It does justice to the historical fiction genre. The author created such vivid characters And scenes that it made you feel as if you were a part of the story.
Best. Book I have read in a long while. Realistic World War II  novel takes place mainly in France, Yoi need to want to know what people went through in order to finish the book but it is worth it
This book was just all right for me. It did give me a story about brave women during the Paris occupation, but it really wasn't holding me, making me want to keep reading for long periods of time.
Kristin Hannah always writes a good story.  Keeps your interest from beginning to end, a great tale of people during the war and informative.  I enjoyed it thoroughly as I have most of her books.
Early on in the book, I, as an author myself, found multiple examples of poor writing. I did not continue reading it beyond the first 50 pages. I cast it aside as a book to go into the Good Will.
Do you want history? Do want love? A story of endurance and how precious life and relationships are? Sit back and prepare for a wonderful journey. You will not stop until the last page is turned!
I really enjoy Kristin Hannah's books.  The Nightingale didn't disappoint.  I couldn't put the book down, her characters demanded your attention.  I really enjoyed this book from start to finish.
I really enjoyed reading this book. It's s great story by one of my favorite authors. I think I've read too many books lately that were set in this era, maybe that's why I didn't give it 5 stars?
Have you ever really cared, (heard, or read) about what happens to the women left behind during WWII in "occupied" cities. This story will open your eyes and twist knots in your gut. It did mine!
A compelling story from a unique perspective. The story of the French resistance during WWII drew me in and will stick with me for not being boating or harmful, but full of heart and desperation.
A reminder of the atrocities at the hands of the Nazis.  A testament to the strength of the women and men who survived, and what they endured to save others.  Hard to put this book down at times.
Wow. Read this book. I really enjoy historical fiction and this is a wonderful piece of literature. Great plot, fantastic characters. If you have any heart at all, this book will really move you.
Hopefully makes everyone in the world  re-think war. It is not glorious<br/>nor does it ever offer good solutions.  Great writer that brings the<br/>reader right into the story in every detail.
Kristin Hannah is a great story teller.  This book was so hard to put down.  It helped to remind me how special life is and how so many ordinary people became the heroes and heroines of our past.
If you have never experienced war, you cannot know how much it affects even the combatants. As a woman, this story reminds me of the great strength that lives within the weaker sex. A great read!
The Nightingale is a well-written novel with strong, appealing characters and storyline. A beautifully haunting tale that left me thinking about the it days after (completion). Loved the ending.
At first I thought it would be just another book about the harshness of the war with the same stories but it was so much more. I couldn't put it down. I cried. I laughed. It was an amazing book.
Excellent story!  Kristin Hannah did a wonderful job of placing the reader directly inside the lives of those who had to endure the Nazi occupation with a heart-warming story.  A wonderful book!
It was a super story of courage, love, and perseverance  told as a true adventure that did not let me put it down.  Elegant, straightforward , descriptive writing that made the pages come alive.
This is one of the best books I have ever read. It had everything, history, drama, joy, ultimate sadness and suffering but above all, it showed the strength of the human spirit. Many tears shed.
Though a difficult story to read, it's history none the less.  It is beautifully told and heartbreaking at times and heartwarming often.  It's a book that will stay with me for a very long time.
One of the most unforgettable books I have read.  The author weaves a realistic story about very different sisters and their individual courage.  I have recommended this book to everyone I know.
Very harrowing and sad story, sensitively written and impossible to put down until the end. As I was travelling through Europe while reading it, the experiences of the war seemed even more real.
Historical reference work dealing with the unbelievably shameful tragedies of occupied France during WW II. The author develops characters whose bravery and strength are endearing...a must read.
The characters were wonderfully developed.  You got to know them so well.  It really showed what some of the women did during WWII in France to help in the war.  It showed the good and the evil.
This book teaches more about the war than any text I have read. Seeing the lives destroyed yet love conquering the loss is cause to read and read it again. Well crafted and important in content.
This book captivated me. I couldn't put it down. The interwoven relationships against the backdrop of world war 2, and 2 strong female protagonists made for a fascinating read. Highly recommend.
I very much enjoyed this book. I usually don't read novels but history. This story was honest,not sentimental, but true to history i think.  I am sure there are many stories like this in he WWII
Rarely has a book moved me as much as The Nightingale.  It is beautifully written, touching and in the end, inspiring.  I never write reviews, but I had to for this book. It is so extraordinary.
It was a great book written about a tragic time. It was hard to put down but yet you hated to read about the injustices being done.<br/>I would recommend to anyone who enjoys reading about WW2.
Not the best written, but I was a captive audience due to the difficult subject matter. Important issues of families, war, the cruelty of the SS and Nazi's and France's collusion during the war.
A FRIEND told me of this book and how good it was she couldn't put it down and neither cold I..This  book was entertaining,interesting and steep in detail about life,and love in difficult times.
Took me awhile to buy this book for my Kindle but I'm so glad I did. Loved it,I cried at the end and that hasn't happened for years and  I read every day. Recommending to my fellow avid readers.
I loved this book!  I was truly touched by the strength of sisterhood and the determination and perseverance of the human spirit. Isabel is a beautifully strong female character full of courage.
I loved every word of this book.  I have read many books about the events of WWII and put this one right up at the top along with "All the Light You<br/>Cannot See".  Wonderful writing.
What can I say Kristin Hannah has done it again. You can't help but be drawn into her stories fall in love with characters & when the book ends you feel like you have been a part of there lives.
Initially I wasn't too excited about the storyline. But as I continued to read the book it became more interesting and exciting. Kristin Hannah has done it again and taught some history as well.
This is truly a book that is hard to put down. It is a story of amazing strength and fortitude ,love of country and family ties. It is a story I will not forget. Extremely well written as usual.
Fabulous story of love and loss during a most difficult time in France linked to a modern time. The excellent descriptive writing brings the reader along on roller coaster ride of many emotions.
By far my favorite Kristin Hannah book. I'm not usually a fan of historical novels. However this book was beautifully written and it touched my heart. I would wholeheartedly recommend this book!
Beautifully written.  Touched my heart to again realize how brutal living thru the Navi invasion and holocaust was. The things family members do to protect those they love reinforced once more.
Amazing story, really sad, but gives a good insight into life during the occupation. The resistance members were all so brave.<br/>I was not expecting the twist at the end. Well worth reading.
Characters come to life with great intentions and remembrance of a history so far removed. For any individual seeking inspiration and the meaning of humility, this is an epic story to be heard.
Its a wonderful book! In my opinion every 20-30 year old should read it. It was a good read about WWII, it gave a good account of the stories of the people that lived through those trying times
Great writing that captures you from the beginning!  I couldn't put it down!  I'll recommend this to my book club and I'll read other books by Kristen Hannah! And I'll probably read this again!
This book intertwined life's real meaning in war and peace in the most unique and unexpected way.  So many good lessons it should be mandatory reading in schools all across the U.S.  Well done.
I really liked the book but of course knew the outcome from the beginning, which made it hard to read at times.  It made me in awe of the courage that generation displayed.  Not the same today.
You will not be sorry ! Such a beautifully written book that's leaves you thought provoked . I felt like I was in the story . Again , 5 stars a beautiful read . I'm very happy I chose this book !
Another amazing take by Kristin Hannah. The raw emotion and struggle that Vianne endured pulled at my heartstrings as a mother. The story of these heroic women was beautifully told. A must read
I loved the story, the historical data was well researched but the writing was predictable and contrite, however, because of the suspense, and its place in history, I really enjoyed reading it.
I love all of Hannah's stories. This one about love,loss and redemption during wartime. The strength of women holding together their families and doing the right thing even with danger lurking.
I couldn't wait for the end of this story so that I would know what happened but I also did not want the story to end ! I absolutely loved the story of two sisters in France during World War 2! I have just read some of the negative reviews of this book-I read fiction for pleasure-and this book was a pleasure! If I want historical accuracy-I will read nonfiction. Someone recommended "All the Light We Cannot See " instead.I have also read that and would recommend it but I really got caught up in the story line of this book! I look for a story that makes me want to know more about the characters and this one did that for me!
I enjoyed parts of the story, but the love affairs were trite and unrealistic, and as pointed out by others, I was turned off by the many anachronisms. The Anthony Doerr book is so much better.
Absolutely the best read!  The intense historical truths of revealed through this author. All should be challenged to delve into the past. Perhaps that is where we find understanding for today.
great story....Youdon 't know who is telling the story untill near the end.  But it is easy to figure out.<br/><br/> Excellent read, with history written within the novel<br/><br/>loved it!
This easy-to-read, interesting and informative novel kept my attention from beginning to end.  It saddened me to read about how the Nazis tortured the French people and many others during WWII.
This is one of those books that is difficult to put down, you want to keep on reading.  I had to limit the number of minutes I could read in the morning.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
Heart wrenching and beautiful read!  Could not put it down. In this time it is too bad that the evil is returning with a vengeance.  I am grateful for such a good life of love, ease and plenty.
A story so beautifully written that the characters feel like family by the end of the book.  A wonderful read - I absolutely loved it.  As moving as Firefly Lane also written by Kristin Hannah.
What a wonderful story - captivating plot and characters. Could hardly put it down. Recommended for anyone interested in survival of ordinary people who performed miraculous tasks during WW II.
This is an attention grabber. I had trouble putting it down!  The actions and adventures of two sisters in France during WWII is amazing. So well written, I felt the drama throughout the story.
The narritive often gets bogged down providing unneeded information and descriptions.  Some parts of the story lack plausibility.  Still a good read but 50 less pages would have made it better.
It was extremely interesting as I didn't know history of how other countries were affected by Hitler. By the time I ended the book I thought perhaps it was one of the best books I've ever read!
Nightingale is beautifully written and taut with suspense. As in any WWII novel, there is great brutality, and great courage, as well as generosity, kindness, and love.  It is a fantastic read.
Excellent book about two sisters during WW 2.  The sisters interact in different ways.  The book  captures you from the first page.  It is a two tissue book.  It is also a good study of people.
One of my favorite authors, this doesn't disappoint.  Surprised that it was a WWII story.  Not usual for her.  Seems like every one is writing<br/>WWII stirues right now.  But one of the best.
Not Kristen Hannah's typical writing; a real page turner. A bit difficult at times as this books reflects historical experiences of these innocent French residents during the German occupation.
It was a great book even though it was one of the sadist books that I have ever read. These people were very brave - they were like martyrs.<br/><br/>I am not sure that I would have survived.
It is a beautifully written book.The characters and story grab you from the beginning.  I did not want to see the book end and am looking forward to the next Kristen Hannah book. A great read!
If you love, WWII historical fiction, this book is a good match. Told from the perspective of two sisters and two timeframes, it was a page turner that I couldn't put down until I finished it.
I could not put it down! I read it in three days and lost sleep. The characters were rich and multi-faceted. I loved that the protagonists were brave women playing heroic roles in World War 2.
A perspective of ww2 that was previously unknown to me. A real eye opener about how life was like for civilians in nazi-occupied France. I cried in several parts of the story. Recommended read
I absolutely loved this book. It was so entrancing. Both sisters had me drawn in to a world filled with unspeakable horrors, where ordinary citizens became heroes and children grew up to fast.
This is an engaging narrative, which explains its popularity, but make no mistake, it is not a work of fine literature.  I was hoping for a better quality of writing when I picked this one up.
This book was a tear jerker and a page turner! Although fictional, it painted a very real picture of what a nightmare the war was. The two leading characters were perfect in telling the story!
So well written, I almost felt as if I were the narrator. I kept wondering if I could have done what she and her sister did for the French Resistance.<br/>Definitely a can't stop page turner!
Did not want this book to end. You got very involved with the characters In the story. I had a very hard time putting this book down ------ I'd finally put it down then I couldn't fall asleep.
Few books are page turners, but this book lures you in to a ugly time in our history.  It gives you a new perspective of what it means to be a hero and teaches you about strength and real love
One of the best books I have read in a while. Couldn't put it down. Characters truly believable...flawed and heroic at the same time. Unfortunately I am sure that much of it actually happened.
Love Kristin Hannah and have thoroughly enjoyed all of her books.  This one in particular was excellent!  Well written, it grabs you and just holds your interest all the way through. Loved it!
This was a great book about WWII. I was a little surprised by the ending. I usually can predict an ending. It was a wonderful, sad story that was very thought provoking. I highly recommend it.
loved this book at first I wasn't so sure I was going to like it but about 40 pages in I was hooked, great story and characters and I didn't want it to end would definitely recommend this book
My favorite author has done it again. This is absolutely her finest book yet. It takes you in one the first page and hooks you to the very end. This was a book that was impossible to put down.
This book will have you hooked from the very beginning. Excellent story line and the history references were absolutely perfect. Reminded me of somethings I had forgotten. This is a must read.
It was engrossing. It was well written. This book brought you through a multitude of emotions. There was history in the book as well as a story line much in the same way as Titanic, the movie.
I'm glad I read this book. The very beginning was a bit boring but soon it became hard to put down. It's very well written and depicts history through an intricate family affair. Great writer!
What a wonderful book.  The characters were very well developed.  You felt like you were there through every twist and turn.  This book brought out so many emotions.  I am so glad I read this.
Wow it wasn't just a great story but how great it was written i really enjoy every moment of it and I recommended to anyone who would like to understand the pain of war and the triumph of love
This is the best book of the year! It touched my heart! It made me cry for what these people endured! If you read anything you must read this book! Kristin Hannah's best book ever! I loved it!
Kristin Hannah's best yet!  I couldn't put it down. The heartbreak of WWII and women's involvement has always been overlooked- this brought it all to life.  Fabulous story and so well written!
If you enjoy WEll novels you will relish this one.  Hannah develops her characters that by the end of the book you know them very well. She is a fabulous writer beautiful poetic descriptions.
Well written, interesting. Hard to put down. Felt transformed to WW 2 era. Loved learning about women who aided Jewish children and the resistance. Author should write more historical fiction
Intense story. I couldn't stop reading. A different, jarring perspective of Nazi occupied France.  Made me continually question what I would have done in the same situations.  Excellent read.
This is certainly a different take on the World War II Saga . It is a story of two sisters who fight the Nazis in different ways. Absolutely love the storyline but it got a little sappy in spots.
The characters in this book portray the horrors of war and the triumph of love. It is a story which draws the tragedy of WW 2 in France where two sisters fight the Nazis, each in her own way.
An intense, really what happened, writing.  Kudos to Kristin Hannah for her efforts in writing a saga of war not often depicted from a woman's side.  An excellent read regardless of your sex.
Good Plot, but it was difficult to like any of the characters in this novel and to root for them or even like any of them in the smallest way. Still, I liked the story, if not the characters.
Another Kristin Hannah amazing story!  Couldn't put it down, didn't want it to end.  This is an amazing book - very well written, wonderful characters, great details...just a delightful read.
I LOVED THIS BOOK !!!! It's been a long time since I had a book that kept me up at night, just because I wanted to know what will happen next. I would definitely recommend. Very well written.
This is a worthwhile read.  Well written. True to historic facts.  The book portrays the life during the second world war , the deprivations and cruelties as well as the spirit of resistance.
This is one of the few books that have read that I will remember years from now.<br/>After a few years there are very few that impress<br/> enough to recall most of the details years later.
I almost put the book down because of what I viewed as too heavy-handed character development at the beginning. I am so glad I didn't. This ended up as one of the best books I have ever read.
Difficult to put down, The Nightengale is a riveting,sometimes heartbreaking story of two sisters who take very different paths during the German Occupation of France. Not to be missed.......
This book was well written and completely held my attention. The subject was compelling, showing a serious slice of history. The characters came to life.  I would highly recommend this book.
Totally loved this book as it was so informative of this horrible time in history. A very different prospective. How strong were these women that would do anything to protect their families.
This book was difficult to put down. It is in the same Class as The Book Thief and The Plum Tree. We must never forget what happened in the war -  be ever vigilant so it never happens again.
Well written . A hard book to put down . Each character was unique . One of the best books I have read about this horrific time. I would recommend this to everyone interested in this period.
I bought this book for a friend's birthday and decided to read it before gifting. Definitely glad I did. From beginning to end, this book was intriguing and exciting. I couldn't put it down!
It 's all been said by others, but I wanted to add my praise.  I absolutely loved this book.  The characters came to life in a very rare way.  One of the most special books I have ever read.
This book is the reliving of history.  People really went through these hardships. It is a well written story of war,love, hate,<br/>and keeps the reader on edge. It is an outstanding read.
One of the best books I have read in a long time. Great characters , good sense of history, involving characters. At the end I was in tears. Strong recommendation that others read this book.
I liked the bravery of women who put others before themselves.  A wonderful love story of unselfish love..many would appreciate all the twists and turns of this time during WW II.  C bouldin
Thoughtful character development, harsh realities of war, the Holocaust, impossible love, collaboration and family. All this woven together in a historical novel that keeps you wanting more!
Great read! The ending was a little, abrupt might be the word. Felt like a lot was left unsaid. But the entire rest of the story was very captivating! I've recommended it to friends already!
This book made me sad, remembering what happened long before I was born. Women are strong, but don't realize it till bad things happen in their life. I finished this book through many tears.
The Nightingale was one amazing book, one of the most touching I have ever read about WWII.  To me it is a masterpiece by Kristen Hannah. It was gripping, thoughtful, painful, and inspiring.
As a teenager (I am now 75) I read all of wwII books I could find.<br/>Yes, I understand this book is fiction based on how it really was during wwII. But oh how true it very well have been.
WWII historical fiction is my favorite and this one is near the top.  I adored everything about this book and I'm so happy I read it.  Uncommon bravery in the face of unspeakable horrors....
This book was beautifully written.  I felt every emotion of Isabelle and Vianne and felt as if I were in France living in the war with them.  This was a wonderful story.  I highly recommend.
A flashback to the evils of WW II , and the German occupation of France, through the eyes of two estranged sisters. Masterfully written, poingnant and personal. I will not forget this novel.
The story is very interesting especially it you are Jewish and interested in how some children and pilots were rescued during World War Two.  You can't put the book down.  It also makes you cry.
This book brilliantly demonstrates the force of the French resistance, the tortures of living through a brutal occupation, the goodness displayed in aiding those in even worse circumstances.
I have been waiting for her to write another story. This was way beyond my expectations. So good. So heartwarming. I hated for it to end and could hardly read the last chapter thru my tears.
One of the choice books  available at this time.  I appreciated the insight and information that was shared within the novel, itself.  I have already recommended this book to others to read.
For me a book on the 2nd WW involving the resistance & the horror of what the French people suffered is vitally important in world history. I could not put it down I thought it was brilliant
A beautifully written book about two sisters and how they survived during WWII. It is filled with suspense,courage, sadness, forgiveness and love. You will not be able to put this book down.
This was one of the best non-fiction books that I have ever read.  She made me feel as though I was there and experiencing the joy and pain.  I have recommended this book to everyone I know.
One of the best books I have read in quite a while.  It was compelling from beginning to end.  Even several days after completing the book, I find myself thinking about it.  Truly inspiring.
Well researched. Historical details enhanced the reading experience and made the story seem very authentic. The first person accounting of the events added an unexpected twist to the ending.
I started this book reluctantly for book club, but quickly couldn't put it down.  This is a book about survival, strength and courage of 2 women during world war 2.  It is very well written
Was on the wait list for 3 months.  When this book became available I read it in two days.  I know what all the fuss is about.  If you enjoy historical fiction I highly recommend this book.
A riveting, emotional tale showing the best and worst of human behavior during the French occupation in WWII.  My understanding of the cruelties of WWII will never be the same. A MUST READ!
This was another incredibly sad WWII story, but brought great insight into how the French, especially the women and children survived during the terrible war. I couldn't put this book down.
I don't remember when a book has moved me the way this one did.  Beautifully written, a painful story,l.  Impossible to put down.  One of the best books I have ever read.  Still sobbing!!!!
One of the best stories I have read for a long time.  Could not put it down.  Wonderful story of the Second World War, told through the eyes of two sisters, who follow very different paths.
I loved the book!!  I could relate to both sisters.  WWII Nazi's were atrocious & cruel.  I can't believe this happened in my lifetime!!!!  From what I know this seems to be very authentic.
Honestly one of the best books I've ever read. The two perspectives on living through WWII were fascinating, the stories were written brilliantly and the emotional was incredibly authentic.
A great story about WWII and the Holocaust, presented from a view I had not yet read. Engaging and thoughtful, and what an ending!! A great novel to couple with ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE.
Enjoyable book, but very similar in plot to others.  That said, it teaches those who do not know much about the conditions in France during the Nazi occupation, therefore, an important read
I couldn't put the book down--what people had to go through during the war-just horrific.I have read many stories that took place durning those years-this was one of the best in my opinion.
I really enjoyed this novel.  Historically, it seemed true, but I'm no expert.  It boggles the mind that humans are so capable of evil, but the author brought a sense of hope to this story.
Well written with interesting characters that intertwine in unexpected ways. It is long so set yourself up for that. I have not recommended this to my reading friends but am glad I read it.
One of her best books, it kept your interest from the beginning til the end, what two sisters had to go through the war, it was a sad book, but you had to admire them both for what they did
Wonderful book in every way. Loved reading it. Learned much about WWII in France, and how the French people of all religions<br/>Bonded together, and made it through such traumatic years!
Characters were written incredibly well. Couple that with the backdrop of great description of 2 versions of France during the war; just amazing! Read it you won't regret...I guarantee it!
Immersed in France during WWII, you will meet characters who will become close friends as you share their trials and victories.  This is a book about love during the worst of times. Enjoy!
I found this book very interesting but sad. How People treated each other during war times is something I will never understand. Thank goodness some were able to stand up and help others .
Well written and great insight into WWII and the French Resistance while providing a thoroughly engaging story.  I couldn't put it down.  Would be interesting for a book club's discussion.
I'm an old woman. Born one year after this story concluded. As I read I resented everything that took me away from this book so well written, so descriptive. Now THE war makes sense to me.
Pulitzer Prize worthy. Words cannot describe the depth of this story.  Not my typical genre but the author drew me in and I couldn't put this book down. The ending made me feel complete :)
Fabulous book. I'm not usually a historical fiction lover but I couldn't put this one down!! I absolutely loved it and the strong women these characters were. I highly recommend this book.
Great story. Great writing. A little unbelievable at times but if you don't pick it apart to much and compare it to history as some have and just read it like a novel, you'll enjoy it too.
A very interesting story.  Not for the emotionally weak.  Nazis atrocity galore.  Could not put it down at times.  Hard to read all the struggles and violence that accompanied these women.
Could hardly put this book down.  The trials of these two brave women faced in France during WW2 was incredible.  They showed so much strength yet  in different ways.  I loved the ending.
I felt that Kristin must have been beside the women , working with them, during their lives. This story will stay with me for a long time. I would love to see a movie made from this book.
I love good historical fiction and this book did not disappoint! I learned a great deal about WWII's impact in France and how much the Nazis controlled the country. This was a great read.
Simply the best book I've ever read. Would recommend this to mothers, daughters, young women, and older women. It was thrilling and wonderful in the best ways and I could not put it down!
A great read.  Kristen Hannah at her best.  Once in a while a book comes along that stays with you for days, this is one. Forget your chores for the day.  You won't want to put this down.
I love historical fiction - and this book was right up my alley.  Not your typical Kristin Hannah - being that it was set in WWII France - but I think this one is now my favorite of hers.
Not an easy read, but a good read.  It made me alternately angry, sad and distressed as events unfolded, but ultimately overawed by the courage of the two sisters, that the book is about.
Although I was disappointed in the way the author seemed to rush the ending, the book to that point was very well written and kept me reading. Just wish the ending was better thought out.
I accidentally bought this book, and became so enthralled that I could not put it down.  I bought into the characters, and was moved by their stories. There is a nice twist to the ending.
One of her best. Love stories about WW2, when I was a kid. The characters are so strong and interactions are so natural. Book covered a lot of ground but the end was "just right".
I love the story even though at times it was hard to read.<br/>So well written and so full of truths that I know are true even if it is hard to believe this really happened in our world.
One of my new favorites - the plot chronicles how two sisters handled World War II and their remarkable contributions. Truly a fast paced, complex, and rich plot. Would highly recommend.
I couldn't put the book down. I could vividly see the characters come to life, I could feel their pain and happiness. I cried for an hour after the ending. I recommend this book highly!!
This was a wonderful profound book.  It made me feel the fear of occupied France, the bravery of many, the cruelty of the nazis and the conflict of good people. Can't recommend it enough
i could not put this down…one of the best books i have read in a long time. pure escapism. beautifully crafted characters a perfect blend of page turner meets sweeping historical fiction
A book that touches every part of you. A pure classic as sure as Gone With the Wind. This book is for every person. Can't imagine anyone not being grateful they took the time to read it.
This book was a good read.  Heart wrenching and soulful, not just because of the immediate characters, but because of the history as well.  I recommend it but make sure you have tissues!
Yet another amazingly told story by Kristin Hannah. I found it almost impossible to put this one down. Very emotional telling of the German invasion and occupation of France during WWII.
This could easily be a movie. The plot stays of interest. There are several surprises. If you hope to lift your spirits by reading of people in dire situations, this book won't fail you.
This was an credit incredibly beautiful book. It unfolded like an epic movie. I cried but it was worth it. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys, history, romance, suspense and tragedy.
Amazing. Simply amazing. I was a bit unsure when I first started reading the book--a bit slow to start. After the first couple of chapters I was hooked. A great emotional/thrilling ride.
I felt like I was living with Vianne and Isabelle.. I was part of the book.  Heart beating fast when the Nazis were coming afraid of what they would do next. I highly recommend this book
Absolutely one of the best books I have read in a very long time!<br/>I could never be as courageous as both these sisters were in a time of history where women are and were overlooked!
I like this book more than "All the light we cannot see"<br/>I learned so much more about the effects of WWII on the people of Europe than I have from anything else I have read.
Very strong story heartfelt story, it will stay with you. I often thought about the book when I wasn't reading it and couldn't wait to pick it up and get lost in the characters emotions.
I was hooked from the very beginning of this book. Great characters and story. I learned so much about France during the Nazi occupation. I would recommend this to all my female friends.
This book is phenomenal!  The characters are easy to get to know. They become family to the reader. The story proves the resolve of women and their innate nature to survive. A must read!
A little too "sappy" at times for me, otherwise a great book. The two sisters reflected what I would consider a true WW II life experience during the German occupation of France.
I loved this book. Reading it was a joy. You never wanted it to stop, but you did want to know the end. I can't remember the last time I teared up at the end of the book, it was perfect.
This book pulled at my heart. Loved it from beginning to end. It is a must read. Couldn't put it down. My niece gave this to me for my birthday. Thanks. Andrea for hours of great reading
A fantastic historic novel.  The character development is tops!  I cared so much about them.  An easy writing style helps navigate such a difficult subject.  A must read for everyone!!!
A very good book and well written. I was skaptical when I started and thought that it was again another book about second worldwar: But this book is different. I could not stop reading.
The Nightingale is not just a story of survival, but also of the survival of love, and family. It is a riveting story that I hated to see end. Read this book. You will be happy you did.
Read this book on my way over to France.  Loved every minute of the story.  Characters were well developed and I would imagine myself in their shoes through out the story.  Quick read!!
This is one of the best WWII books I've read in a long time.  The characters were very well drawn and the story was told in vivid detail.  A testament to women's strength in hard times.
I loved the book.  Picked up my Kindle every spare moment I had.  At times hard to read because it took place at a real time in history.  I would highly recommend this read to everyone.
One of the best books I've read in a while. It offers a very different perspective on WWII that was very exciting to read. If you are interested in WWII Europe would strongly recommend.
Writing under my husbands account!.. this is a book that could easily be made into a movie with absolute perfection. A great enjoyable read with an emotional rollercoaster of an ending!
A great story form the French perspective of WWII. I chose this because I love Kristin Hannah's writing and will read anything she writes. I would recommend this book to anyone over 14.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Once I started it I could not put it down. Although the subject matter was difficult to imagine the book was well written and it was extremely interesting.
The Nighingale  is an intriguing look at occupied France during WWII with a compelling  story about the horror of trying to figure out the right thing to do and paying the consequences
If you are interested is WWII especially the German invasions, you will love this book.  Also, there is a family aspect that is endearing.  I would<br/>definitely recommend this read.
A must read. A novel that grabs you on the first page and leaves you wanting more. A story told so realistically that you feel the emotions of each of the characters be it good or bad.
I loved everything about this book. The story is beautiful and is full of emotions.  There is a lot of WWII history that makes the story ring with a truth that is brutal, ugly and sad.
I could not quit reading this book. It is amazing and disturbing and riveting and sad and happy and painful. I recommend it to everyone, especially people who enjoy historical fiction.
I enjoyed reading the story of this family! It has enlightened me to the bravery of these woman, heroes I say! Terribly sad things happened to them, but we need to know! We can forget!
A captivating story about two sisters in occupied France during WW2. So many admirable things occur during this story. The ending is especially poignant. I really recommend this novel.
This was truly a beautifully written book.  Heartbreaking and full of sadness and loss in a time of war, when humanity felt lost but these brave people pushed through.  Just beautiful.
I could not put this book down.  I have read so many Wei books and am always amazed that when they are written from one families struggles a good author can make that world come alive.
It was compelling and well written ,It was a difficult story to tell with much emotional parts.  It was exciting from the beginning of to end.I also learned the history of those years.
Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors.  This was a great book!  It keeps you engaged throughout each chapter.  The characters come to life and you feel for them and their story.
I was so drawn into this amazing story of 2 French sisters who endured and survived during the Nazi occupation of France. I did not know concentration camps for the women who resisted.
"The Nightingale" might very well be the best book I have read in a very long time, and I read all the time!  I have told all my friends about it and encouraged them to get it.
Have not read a book this good in a while.  The occupation of France by the Germans and their treatment of women was an eye opener.  I have heard of cruelty, but this was beyond cruel.
Couldn't put it down. It gave me a totally new perspective on what things were like in France during WWII. There are some books you never forget, this is one of them. Expertly written.
I write this with tears in my eyes.  Kristin Hannah's writing took me through the horrors of WWII in France that I had never been aware of.  That love could survive was such a miracle.
Loved the book.  I could not put it down, wondering what more could happen to the girls. Ending was very emotional. I cried many times through the book.  I think it is Hannah best book
This story of women fighting in the French Resistance during World War II was excellent.  I had never read much about their struggles and successes.  I found it difficult to put down!!
The Nightingale was excellent!  Hanna did a wonderful job portraying the characters, and the angst of wartime was deeply felt. I definitely would and have recommended this book to all.
Kristin Hannah never disappoints!! This was a very interesting tale about WWII and the risks as well as dangers so many men and women took to help others. It was very hard to put down.
Beautifully written and I couldn't put it down.  Loved the perspective of women in the war and how they fought in their own way.  Definitely had tears in my eyes the last few chapters.
I loved every minute of this book. Suspenseful and beautifully written.  The details allowed me to know and love every character. Remarkably researched. I learned so much. A must read.
This book is a masterpiece. It's realistic yet riveting parallel stories showed the resilience of mere humans and the never-ending possibilities of redemption. I could not put it down.
For those of us who have not lived in war ravaged times, this book gives a glimpse of what people did to survive and had to sacrifice yet still be able to put their life back together.
I have read thousands of books in my life,  some of them excellent and enjoyable, but the Nightingale is truly extraordinary, the best I've ever read. It's written beautifully,and the characters, the two sisters,are fleshed out so psychologically and emotionally that's it is as if I was right there with them.  The setting is France during WWII, and Isabelle and Vianne have to cope with all the horrors that they have to live through. They have to deal with their own relationship as well as the circumstances they live through. Kristin tells their stories with such compassion and emotion that every page  gripped me as I became totally engrossed in their lives. They live in constant fear of the Germans brutality and yet they, each in their own way, find such courage and strength to do everything they can to save the lives of others. I was totally absorbed and did not want the book to end.. I loved, loved, loved it. It is truly a brilliant story that shows so well, that if there's love one can survive the most horrible of situations.
This is a great read , I got it from my wife and believed it was a true story until the end. This book is very well written and captivating all the way through.<br/>Thank you Kristin
This is a wonderful story about a French family and how they  survived during World War II when Hitler took over their country. I highly recommend this book.  It was hard to put down.
As with most Kristin Hannah books The Nightengale doesn't pull any punches as the story takes place in WWII France.  The story is very suspenseful and as always has a surprise ending.
I could put the book down.  I read it in two days.  It was so touching and gut wrenching.  I cried at the end. I cried because it was so beautiful and so sad. I didn't want it to end.
The story is told very very well without graphic and horrific details.  The reader knows what is going on but without being too specific regarding the horrors of Nazi occupied France.
An amazing story, it really made me realize what the French went through in world war II. A people with real courage who stood  to the brutality of Nazi Germany. A life-changing book!
Fabulous and gripping portrayal of French Resistance efforts and life during WW2. Compelling stories of Jewish persecution and efforts to save Jewish children. I couldn't put it down.
What an amazing book! So heartbreaking, as is to be expected when it comes to World War 2, but what strength the characters possess and such rich storytelling. I couldn't put it down.
I loved this book. This is not just another WWII book. I learned a lot about the French Resistance. I was captivited by the characters. The narrative was suspenseful and well-written.
I felt like I was walking next to the people in this story. All so beautifully and sometimes frightening ways the author brought you along. Would highly recommend this wonderful book!
This in effect was a very interesting thriller. All the protagonists of the story seem to occupy a very important role. I like thrillers and this story has: action, drama and romance.
Fabulous story.  Very well written and the characters were well developed.  The historical facts during this time were quite true and believable and probably happened many times over.
This book is so beautifully done. I recently read All the Light We Cannot See as well and these are two of the most well written books I've read. This will certainly be a repeat read.
This was a wonderful book - I had trouble wanting to both fly through it and savor it.  The writing was clear and evocative and the characters are remarkable.  I recommend it highly!!
Excellent story with a new twist on an old story.  we all know how hard war is but sometime we forget what happens with  the family left at home and the daily struggle they deal with.
The Nightingale is the best book I've read in awhile. You get totally absorbed in the characters and can actually feel their pain. It is a riveting story and is very hard to pit down.
One of the best books I have read.  It keeps you in suspense from the first page and the characters are so well developed and the setting of the war in Paris is accurate and profound.
Excellent book and very well written! The stories about the women in WWII are so significant that it is wonderful to hear more about them. I love stories about people and their lives!
This book is highly recommended, it brings characters to life through unimaginable difficulties during the second war...shows the strength of women, family and the ability to forgive.
I've read many WWII novels and I worried this would be more of the same...but I hung on every word. What a great story of women, and their role in France during such a terrible time.
A beautifully written story. I was captivated throughout and could almost touch the surroundings.<br/>For a brief moment near the end I was confused between Isabelle and her sister.
A great story of heroism--two sisters who saved others during downed pilots and Jewish children....because of them other survived and in the process they found love for themselveaps.
I loved this page turner.  The characters and the story itself are so well developed  that you get very involved in the story.  I didn't want to come up for air until the book ended.
The Nightingale was an excellent book. I could not put it down. It was a very good story and the characters were so believable. There was an insight into the persecution of the Jews.
The Nightingale is an inspiring story beautifully written. The characters are well developed and will stay with you long after you have finished reading the book; it is truly moving.
I LOVED this book ... One of my all time favorites from beginning to end!! Beautifully written, great story, strong and interesting characters.... I was sad to have it end 👍👍👍👍👍
Beautifully written,  heart breaking account of how regular French citizens suffered at the hands of the Nazis during WWII. You'll fall in love with the characters. Highly recommend!
This is one of Kristin Hannah's best books. I have read quite a few and this one is awesome. Sad, funny, teaching, entertaining, It has it all. Impossible to put down once you start.
Intense story of war and survival. Amazing unsung heroines and their stories of love and loss. I didn't want it to end - but the ending was well worth the tears. An outstanding tale.
I didn't know much about the French resistance during WWII before reading The Nightingale. I thoroughly enjoyed the story, the writing, and the historical elements. Highly recommend!
This is a beautifully written book. The characters, plot, and foreshadowing made me read late into the night. It shows the strength, determination, and fearlessness of women in WWII.
Was a page turner.  Loved it,  Hated for it to end, kind of book you want to keep going.  Love way Kristin Hannah writes.  This is the 3rd book of hers that our book club is reading.
Heart breaking and touching story of WWII through the French people's point of view.<br/>The author brought me in immediately.<br/>The characters were real.<br/>A worthwhile read.
Really didn't want to put it down. Learned things about WW2 that I didn't know. The things people had to do to survive make our little 1st world problems seem so small in comparison.
After reading The Nightingale I felt that I understood more about the occupation of France. The characters drew me into the story-I felt like I was there. Sad story but a great read.
My heart aches for the reality of the great loss of a generation brought to us so clearly by this author.  Let not the barbarous acts of Nazi Germany ever be forgotten or diminished.
This story was a wonderful love story filled with many twists and turns. The characters brought the events of WW 2 to the surface and showed how the will to live is a powerful thing.
Haunting, amazing.  A story I had to read in small bites as it gripped me emotionally like no book has.  One of the best books I've ever read, up there with A Thousand Splendid Suns.
I loved this book. Gripping and entertaining. Not overly sentimental, it deals straight on with the horrors of occupied France. It honors those who fought secretly against the Nazis.
Loved this book. Once I started reading couldn't stop!  I had to know which sister was telling the story. It is well written & the characters are wonderful. It truly is a great read.
This was a haunting book I couldn't put down. Set in France during World War II, The Nightingale tells the story of courageous women who risk everything to save others. A fast read.
This is the best book I have read in a long time. I was captivated; swept up; carried along... and found myself sobbing. Fabulous! Just what I wanted in a literary escape.  Read It!
The Nightingale was a very deep heart wrenching novel. I really enjoyed the interactions of the families involved. I would recommend this novel to any of my friends who are readers.
This book places you in a time I hope we never see again Kristin make You feel all the emotions of love, loss, pain, joy, desperation, and surprise. Historical fiction at its best!!
Loved the story! It gave a glimpse into the horrors of war away from the battlefields and into the lives of the civilians and their resilience in coping with the dangers they faced.
The wonderful skills of this writer have allowed me to feel what it must have been like to live in Nazi occupied France during WWII.<br/><br/>Her story will remain with me always.
The Nightingale was one of the best books I have ever read. I did not want it to end and cried during the last chapter. It was well written and kept my interest all the way through.
A deeply beautiful, gripping story of the woman experience of WW2. Stories otherwise forgotten and so important to remember, inspiring us all to know our own strength living within.
The Nightingale is the best book I have read in years. It's heartbreaking story of two sisters trying to survive World War 2, keeping you enthralled through the very last paragraph.
So many stories of war as told by men but this one of brave women and their strengths and sacrifices will stay with me for a long time, especially as I am a child born in this time.
On a gloomy weekend, this beautifully written emotional novel fit in perfectly. Suspenseful and sometimes difficult to digest, Isabelle and Vianne will stay with me for a long time.
I started this book months ago and put it down after a few chapters. Months later I picked it up for another try after all of the accolades, and I was "caught."  Such a great book.
You think you know history, but this puts you right in the middle of it, with all the heartache and despair. Individuals rise to the occasion, and help to really make a difference.
This is a well written plot driven story about living under Nazi control. Some repeated descriptions and contrived events annoyed me, but a good story that you holds your attention
This provides a window into the period between 1939-1945 and the French resistance.  I had never realized how brutal the Nazis had treated the French in particular but no surprise.
Fabulous book compellingly told! I sacrificed sleep and time because I had to know how it turned out. I won't spoil it for others - I'll just say it is a worthy and excellent read.
It is a third person narration from each sisters' point of view.  It follows the role of women in France during WWII.  It stayed close to historical events and I really enjoyed it.
Fantastic book.  I really like the way Kristin Hannah writes and intend to read all of her books, as I can.  The Nightingale is being read and discussed by my book club in October.
This book was fantastic,  absolutely loved every page, felt the anguish , and desperation, I learned so much,  it's so hard to believe that these terrible things actually happened.
If a book keeps me awake until 2 am & makes me cry...it receives 5 stars...even if it is another book about WWII.<br/>This is the best book I've read so far in 2015. It's amazing.
Rich characters. Wonderful story. Well written. I learned things I didn't know about the French Resistance. If you enjoyed All the Things We Cannot See you will enjoy this as well.
I didn't find this book to be all that engaging although it is apparently enjoyed well by others. Certainly not a bad book but I can't give it a thumbs up either. It was just okay.
I thought All the Light We Cannot See would be the best book I'd read in years, but Nightingale is right up there with it.  What a story of fragile life, war and the power of love.
Great book.  I never thought I would like a book with so much history.  This is usually not the type of book I read but I am so glad I did.  I would definitely recommend this book.
I have read all of Kristin Hannah's book but this is now my favorite. It is so full of emotion and really makes you understand all the suffering people went thru during the war.I didn't want it to end,not because I wanted  to keep reading because I did but because I didn't want to see that they didn't get a chance for love and peace. But it was a good ending..
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Thought it was so well written, enjoyed the characters that were presented and just moved at a wonderful pace.  I would highly recommend this book.
An absorbing book with good character development that portrayed the plight of women in France during WWII and their involvement in the resistance.  Not a new story, but well told.
2 sisters during WW2, ending up fighting the German invasion...both very different motivations, fighting for the love of their father the love they lost in WW1..enjoyed every page!
I love books about World War II because I am always surprised and encouraged by the tenacity of the human spirit.  This was no exception and was beautiful told.  It is a must read!
My review will not do this book any justice. It was one of the most moving, beautiful books I have ever read. I can not stop crying, such an emotionally charged story. A must read.
A can't-put-down book ! Excellent character development. Beautifully written.I learned so much about the privations and terrors of all French citizens during the German occupation.
Very beautifully written story of two sisters and their experiences during the Holocaust. The characters are so realistically portrayed as are the overwhelming odds that they face.
Kristin Hannah takes us back to a horrible time during World War II in France.  She tells a story of amazing strong woman and their role fighting against the Germans, and survival.
Well developed characters and relationships.  The plot moves between the past and present and between sisters and their experience of WW II occupation in France.  Touching stories.
This book I could not put down, as the story was constantly tugging at my heartstrings. The reality of the war and how the people suffered was brought to reality by Kristin Hannah.
A remarkable story of love, determination, loss. How the will is so strong and love has no boundaries. A story that makes me want to continue to try, no matter what the situation.
I have read this story before, but this was so well crafted, so insightful to the conditions in small French towns...and great character development.  I cried at the last chapter.
It's okay.  I got a bit tired of the random placement of a few very basic French words, think "oui" and "non," I assume to make it feel more authentic.  It didn't.
An amazing book.  Characters you feel completely. A story that is horrifyingly true about what war really is like. I actually choked up at the end.  A thoroughly compelling story.
Very well written story about two sisters who handled wartime very differently. Exciting, sad, happy and interesting all rolled into one wonderful story that could have been true.
I just finished this book the other day - it was so sad but very well written.  I have read a lot about the Holocaust and there were new levels of cruelty I didn't think possible.
A WW II tale from a different angle. From my other studies and reading, I could tell this was well researched. I thought it was very well written and I enjoyed every minute of it.
Excellent written story about how the French suffered but also aided the soldiers to get out of Germany during World War II.  Held my attention right to the end.  Amazing courage.
What a compelling story! I am rarely moved by reading books but The Nightingale brought tears into my eyes many times while reading it. A definite YES for anyone who's hesitating.
What an exceptional book! Our bookclub read this for our July pick and it has to be one of my all time favorites!  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this book!....I'm hoping a movie will follow!
I have never cried so hard at the end of a book.  You fight so hard for the characters, you want so desperately for them to survive, to find and hold on to love.  Loved this book!
I loved this book! I really love to read books based on WWII. The Nightingale gave 2 different female perspectives on how the war was fought at home.<br/>I could not put it down!
Very compelling story of two sisters with very different motivations fighting to make a difference in WWII. Kept me guessing until the end about who made it through the war alive.
I haven't openly wept from the words released from a novel in many years. A complex story about complicated people (as we all are) told simply, eloquently, painfully, beautifully.
I didn't want to put this book down. The two main characters, both women, are different, yet both are interesting. It gives the reader another insight into this period in history.
This was Kristin Hannah's best book.  As historical fiction, this book was exceptional.  The storyline moved along quickly; and recalled a dark time and how ordinary people coped.
One of the most beautiful stories that I've read in a long time. As an American, it made me ask myself what I would do if I faced these situations. What would happen here and now?
This is an amazing book that describes what the French population endured during World War Two.  The characters are interesting and<br/>the complex. I highly recommend this book!
The author quickly drew me into the story...hard to put the book down!  Emotional read...WW II story... realistica portrayal of the way Jews were treated in France during the war.
The pain and suffering endured by Jews and their friends is hard to imagine but Kristin Hannah has done a wonderful job of weaving their lives together in heartbreaking realities.
How amazing Kristen Hannah is in her eloquent words to depict such a suffering of so many people. Love always prevails to help mend hearts. Thank you for your writing, Ms. Hannah!
I enjoyed the book. Fascinating story of 2 sister in France during the German occupation of France.  A perfect book for a rainy day or just a curl up with a good book kind of day.
This is a memorable book that will not be forgotten.  It presents an interesting French perspective on the personal impact of hatred and discrimination.  May history never repeat.
I have read every book Kristen Hannah has written and I love her style of writing.  She grabs your interest from the beginning and never disappoints.  I would recommend this book!
Wonderful story.  Such bravery in a terrible time.  I am going to recommend this book to my book club.  I love reading Kristen Hannah.  This  book is so different from her others.
This story will make you cry. It is one of the best book I have read.  about a family  in France during the second world war and how they lived and died. A must read for everyone.
It was one of the most intense books I have read about what when on at that time. I actually felt that I was there living it. I loved the book and reccommended it to many friends.
Fleshed out characters.  Deeply moving story.  What was it like to live in occupied France, especially as a woman?  How does one maintain their humanity under these circumstances?
Captivating,intriguing,life affirming.  A.Wonderful story of love and sacrifice and survival.<br/>A story of the women of France and how they survived during the Nazi occupation.
As usual her book was one that I couldn't put down. Great character development and a story line that grabs the reader's interest throughout the book. Can't wait for her next one!
This is the best book of a few  years! It is an engaging read, giving new insight into conditions in France during the war. I absolutely loved every page. You must read this one!!
Best book I have read in ages.  I just lived it and can't say enough about it.  It was so easy to get involved in the story and the characters.  Everybody should read this book...
If I could give this book more stars I would. Amazing is all I can say. It was hard to put it down and now thaat I have finished it I am wishing there was more. Very moving story.
Although this book was full of pain, German atrocities, it is also full of love. Beautifully written by a very talented author. Kristen this is your best so far! Thank you. Muriel
This story shed light on how the French endured the horrors of the war. There were many righteous people who fought the Nazis in ways that are unimaginable during times of peace.
This book is fabulous. An inside look at the German occupation of France and the toll the war took on everyone. The bravery of the French people is all through his book. Read it!
Excellent read!  I was absorbed with how the sisters lives changed and the challenges each faced during such a very dark period.<br/>Best book I have read in a while.  Loved it!
Beautiful/painful story of life during wartime.  I loved this book.  The writing/descriptions were soft yet strong.  I plan to read several more of her books. A wonderful talent.
LOVED IT!  I feel like it took me a little while to get into, but the descriptions of what life must have been like during occupied France hooked me.  It was sad but very lovely.
One of the best WWII novels I've ever read. The characters, their circumstances, and their choices will stay with you long after you've finished. Don't hesitate to buy this book.
Good read - so much of the WW II genre has come out lately ....I think the reading market is beoming oversaturated. However that doesn't take away from this book which I enjoyed.
Highly recommend this book.  If you belong to a book club I think this is a must read!  If you love France you will be fascinated by the details of the area the characters cover.
Transported back in time. We all know France was occupied, but who could ever guess the reality of the occupation?<br/>I was completely caught up in the page-by-page experience.
Amazing book! I love historical fiction and have enjoyed other Kristin Hannah books. This may be the best one yet! It haunted me and I couldn't stop thinking about it! Must read!
This book was excellent. I liked the way Hannah moved from sister to sister and had you guessing to the end. There could have been more information about Antoine towards the end.
As with all World War II stories involving Nazi actions, this was not a "beach read", but it was nevertheless good and the first one I have read on the French Resistance.
I loved this book.  The writer keeps you spell bound with characters that you come to know and love.  The storytelling is moving and makes you feel like an eyewitness to history.
For history buffs or just those who enjoy a good reda, this book fits the bill. Told through the eye of a WWii survivor, it is an incredible story about family, love and healing.
I almost stopped reading after the first 50 or so pages, glad I didn't.  Slow start but as I got into the story it became more and more intriguing and then found it hard to stop.
This book took me from grief to love to sorrow and the heights of happiness. I could not put it down even when I needed a Kleenex. Thank you Kristin Hannah for a beautiful story.
One of the best books I have read in long time.  There was excellent character development & I felt strongly, good & bad, towards the characters.  I didn't want this book to end!
This is a great book. I could not put it down, I had to keep reading. The descriptions and actions of the characters were so detailed. Good job covering this part of our history.
I loved this book.  I think the author totally captured the authenticity of the time period and told a compelling story.  I found the book very compelling and totally engrossing.
wonderful author. Always love her books. So unusual to have a WWII resistance book where the Jewish story is background. Such great characters and such a realistic story. Thanks!
An excellent read.  Would be a great movie.  The story of WWII in France and the complicity of the Vichy government is a story with which most post WWII Americans are unfamiliar.
I loved, loved this book! It had everything. Triumph and tragedy. Happiness and sadness. Strength and weakness. Love and loss. A beautifully told story that I could not put down!
The first few chapters were a bit much, but after that a great read. You really can feel the situation s and although it is fiction, you just know people suffered similar things.
Not your typical Kristin Hannah, but a such an incredible story of the atrocities involved in World War II. It was fascinating to read of the involvement of the women in the war.
All the reviews describe the story, the characters, and the profound impact the book has had on them. I won't repeat; but only join in on the chorus that this book is a treasure.
While I liked this book, I thought All the Light I Cannot See also dealt with the Resistance in a more compelling story. That said, I still felt The Nightingale was a good read.
Excellent story. Could hardly put the book down. Of course these stories always leave you sad , but thankful for the good that is present in this world that keeps us from chaos.
I couldn't put it down.  The character were very real, the situation tense enough that I was totally involved in the story. It is one of the best books I've read in a long time.
I love all of Kristin Hannah's books but this was one of the best. She has a way of making the reader feel like they are right there and feeling what the characters are feeling.
I wish I could give it more than 5 stars! It was one of the best books I've read. I loved this book and the amazing characters. I couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end!
I finished this book in two days, grabbing a moment whenever I could to read.  I've always enjoyed Kristin Hannah's books and what happens a lot of times with authors is they start pumping out the same formula in books and you may still enjoy them, but you pretty much know what to expect from them.  This bucked that trend, it wasn't like anything I'd read before from her.<br/><br/>It was a well-written, good story from start to finish.  It didn't drop off anywhere, didn't have a lazy or vague ending.  The characters were well-developed. I liked that the story focused more on the characters and what they were experiencing in the war rather than drowning you in too many horrifying details of the events that happen in war.  The author found a good balance there, detailing just enough to show you the reality of the war, but also keeping it about the strength and story of the characters.<br/><br/>Definitely one I'll recommend to others to read when they ask if I've read anything good lately.
I read this in a day -- I just couldn't put it down.  The strength of Isabelle and Vianne is extraordinary.  Their courage and capacity for love gives me hope in today's world.
Loved the book= hard to put down.  I recalled sd  thoughts of WW II - the horrible things the allies had to live through and the extreme bravery of military and civilians alike
The more l read the more this book grew on me. It was uplifting and inspiring. It was educational in that l found that l now know much more of what the underground did in WWII.
this is a book that although not a pleasant read- the subject is France during WW2- is brilliant.<br/>Leaves one with many ideas not remembered for umpteen years.<br/>A must!
Telling a story of terrible times through eyes of humanity and love. Could not put the book down. It brings the times of war to life while allowing the reader to really listen.
The Nightingale held my attention and interest and I was surprised at the ending.  Would recommend to anyone who is a fan of historical fiction, especially of the WWII era.  PK
I really loved this book.  It gave me A GOOD INSIGHT of how the French suffered during World War !!.  The sisters were so<br/>different, but truly loved each other in the end.
absolutely amazing.  you should definitely read this book.  i am still thinking about it after finishing it a week ago.  i really want to learn more about women's roles in WW2.
Beautifully told story of the horrors endured by the French during the German occupation of WWII.<br/>I read it in two days, between working, chores, etc.  Recommended highly.
This is a well written book. I could not put this book down. Wonderful story of the sacrifices and courage of the French during the German occupation of France during World War II.
Hard to read as the content is true WWII and that is hard no matter what. A great book about 2 strong women and what they did to survive and stay strong when doubt was stronger
I enjoyed this book.  The characters were well developed and I cared for them.  The horrors of the suffering during WW2 are so atrocious to read about and beyond comprehension.
I have read many books about World War II but this is the first I have read from a woman's perspective.  It is beautifully written and gave me much more knowledge of that time.
I found the historic events of what non Parisian went thru very interesting and well done. The people in the countryside that suffered under Hitler are not often written about.
The entertwining  of the lives of the two protagonists is beautifully done. I found myself immersed in both the sisters' lives. Hated for the story to end. Beautifully written.
I love most everything written by Kristin Hannah, but she outdid herself with this beautiful story of two sisters in occupied France during  WWII. Definitely her best book yet!
Wasn't exactly what I originally though it was going to be coming from Kristin Hannah, having read many of her other books.I did end up enjoying the story. It was a great book.
I enjoy reading this type of book. This book to me starts slowly but once you start reading more you can't put it down. Loved the characters and was so surprised by the ending.
An elegantly and powerfully written story with a rich depth of history. Simply beautiful. Reminiscent of Winter Garden and just as disappointing to be brought back to reality.
An amazing story of 2 sisters during the German occupation of France during WWII.  Well written.  I couldn't put it down and I look forward to reading some of her other books.
This is a good character  and story development . A story that is enjoyable and captivating.  It is not always necessary to me to have a book completely historically accurate.
I loved this book, it was filled with historical facts and a great story of life and loves in a horrible war.  I could't wait to get back to my book when I had to put it down!
This was one of the best books I've read. War time France came alive in a way no history book ever mentioned! I was very sad when the tale of these two sisters came to an end.
I really enjoyed this book. It was a fairly predictable plot but unfolded and was written so organically so that it kept my attention throughout. Would recommend it to others.
This author truly takes you there as you read about this period of time in our history. In some ways it was hard to read because it all became so real, which of course it was.
The nightingale is a story of how people can be misjudged. It tells of how we can all fight to right injustice and that all contributions to creat a better world are important
This was the best book I've read in a long time! I absolutley loved it. It invoked so many emotions about love, loss, family and overcoming great challenges. Highly recommend.
beautiful story and an easy read. however, it is obvious the author is american in her diction which prevents the reader from losing herself to the place and time of the book.
Fantastically written historical fiction. I loved every minute. Heartbreaking and beautifully written. I have nothing negative to say. Only praise for such an amazing book....
Family dynamics intermixed with the way war impacted each individual's life, despite their age, choices, or active engagement!  Keeps your attention and passes plane time well
I will miss the characters for a long time and the details of their struggles will haunt me just as long but the story must be told so that we can learn to love and live well.
Want to feel like you are living in Nazi occupied France in 1943?  Your will become so absorbed in this book you will have to look out the window to make sure it's still 2015.
I would recommend this book to anyone, if even for the history. But there is soo much more.<br/>Also, don't make any plans, if you're like me, you won't want to put it down!!
The different paths two sisters took after their mother died and being abandoned by their father. Later  the role they played in France during the German occupation of France.
Excellent read.  The historical account of life in occupied France was amazing.  The characters were well defined with a twist at the end.  I would highly recommend this book.
I'm sure most Americans don't realize the hardship endured by ordinary citizens during war in their country. I was astonished by the bravery of the women. It was a great book.
this kept me in suspense throughout.  Well developed plot and characters.  One felt hate, pity, shock, suspense and the shame of war.  Couldn't put it down and saddened me so.
Wonderful story, beautifully written.  Actions taken by women during war is most often overlooked.  This book helped to shed light on two very courageous woman during wartime.
I have tears in my eyes having just finished this book. I will remember the bravery of two sisters who struggled to survive the war. Their stories are important and memorable.
This is a great book that. Brings history to life through the story. You feel the love and pain and it makes the story feel so very real. Knowing all along that much of it is.
I have loved Kristin Hannah's previous books and this one is just as good. A well written story of a family, sacrifices and the human spirit. Will recommend highly to friends.
The horror of life under German  occupation during World War II in France is brought to life in this one family's story.  Beautifully written and a story that grips your heart
Heart breaking, loving and frightful. All at the same time.  Gives a realistic feel for what the war was like in a small town and how the terrors reached every part of France.
I found this book full of excitement and heartbreak.  It made me feel fortunate to live where I do and to appreciate those who went before.  A great story of two heroic women!
I loved this book. It was well written, historically accurate and kept me turning the pages. I laughed and I cried, and the characters will remain in my heart for a long time.
One of the best books I have read in ages.  O could not put it down.  It was so different than Hannha's other booksl  She did lots of research and<br/>it is so well written.
It was interesting all through the pages and I even enjoyed the way it ended.  The characters were very interesting and I believe it was true to the way it was during the war
Well developed characters, accurate historical fiction..  A glimpse into the European struggle during WWI.<br/>Heartbreaking and poignant, and oddly relatable in our times.
Well written. Great insight into French resistance and German occupation of France.  Also the kindness and brutality of German soldiers. Very touching story and a must read.
one of the best books i've read in quite a while it will defiantly  keep you awake<br/>i don't remember the last time a gave a book 5 stars - it should have won the pulizer
This is absolutely the best book I have read in a long long time.  Everyone, young and old should read this book.  It is amazing. You feel for the people of Paris every page
Hannah brings her Nightingale to life with a work that is so vivid I couldn't put it down and at the same time hated to see it end. I felt I knew each character like family.
This is an awesome read. I would highly recommend this book for both men and women. I appreciated the study that the author must have done to make the novel true to history.
This beautifully written novel captures the fear and deprivation of Nazi occupied Francd through the rich characters that leap off the page as fully developed personalities.
A real page turner! Such human insights to the Nazi occupation of France. Great love and friendship relationships. It has it all. I will read some more books by this author.
Kristin Hannah at her very best. Such a beautiful story of love, family, and courage. This was a perfectly crafted story that will stay in your mind for a long time to come.
Very moving, powerful story.  Shows us that humans are multi-faceted, complicated, and not always easy to label as 'good' or 'bad', 'strong' or 'weak', etc.  Excellent book!
I was engrossed reading this book. I've done a lot of reading about WWII, both fiction and non-fiction and this story is certainly believable.  People do evil things in war.
The story of two sisters during the German occupation of France during WWII.  This book has it all.  Love, hate, war, tragedy and eventual triumph.  A must-read this summer.
Powerful story telling. Excellent writing. This book had me on the edge of my seat or in tears.  The end surprised me. I will definitely read more if Kristin Hannah's books.
This story was fabulous.  I could not put it down. Totally engrossing story of two<br/>sisters during the french occupation during WW11.  I highly<br/>recommend this book.
I wish all the bleeding hearts that think they have trouble now would read this book.  Perhaps they would get perspective about what real hardship is and stop their whining.
Interesting story of World War II and the women who were unknown heroes.  Though a sad story, there was always an element of hope in all the characters.  I enjoyed the book.
I'm a lover of historical fiction and I LOVED this story. A story of women, strong women, and what it takes to survive. A rich, full, satisfying story. A great summer read!!
I am but one woman. More a Vienne than an Isabel. This remarkable story draws me to believe that even one can overcome ugliness with strength and love. I am inspired to try.
Sometimes we forget the atrocities that w,e as humans are capable of, and yet, in the midst of war and deprivation, the true human remains, and fortunately we remember that.
Great  characters , engrossing storyline.  One of the best novels I have read in a long time.  Need a little time before I move on to my next read.  This one stays with you.
The author tells this story in a way you feel you are right there with the characters. It's riveting all the way through which brought fear, anger, and tears. A MUST read!!!
Wonderful read, well written.  Brings the life to the horrows  of World War II and the strength of the people who lived thru that era.  A story of love, family and survival.
A story of strong women and men in France during World War II. Truly inspiring!  Hard to read about the conditions brought on by the German invasion but we need to remember!
Great read.  I often judge a book by how much time I spend after the read thinking about the story line.  It's been a few days and I'm still thinking about it.  A good read!
One of the best books I have ever read.  Gave me a greater appreciation for what life in France was like prior to and during WWII.  Amazing strength of the women characters.
Outstanding!!  As  history<br/>buff  I really appreciated the French Women's plight during The War and how they copped and efforts made to aid  the Resistance<br/>Efforts.
This book made my heart ache.  I was born in 1941 and my parent had  stories of there own but we were so removed from the misery of Europe I cannot imagine how they endured.
It was a joy to read this book. I also find it amazing to remember how cruel people can be to each other, it's not unlike some of the happenings of today. Very well written.
Well written story of two sisters different paths during occupied France in WW 2. One of those few books you cannot put down but at the same time you don't want it to end.
Really good read exposing the horrors of war suffered by those left behind not fighting at the front, and the amazing bravery of women fighting their own kinds of battles.
Enjoyed the protagonists were females. Liked the way the story started right off. A little confusing as it jumped around with timeframe. Just meant I couldn't put it down.
It was a very good read and It made me cry because of the pain these characters went through, which translates to real life acts that happened to the french jewish people.
A beautifully written and very poignant story.  I found myself totally enthralled with the characters and couldn't stop thinking about them long after I finished the book.
Not my typical genre, but GREAT BOOK!  I would recommend everyone to read this book.  The first chapter is a little slow, but once it gets going, definitely a page turner.
I really found this book though provoking.  It gives a different perspective on the role of the French population and the resistance during a very difficult time in WW II.
Exquisite writing. ("... Roses tumbled down the wall like laughter..."). A perfectly composed story of love and loss. I felt both about the book itself when I finished it.
This felt like The Hunger Games.... but in this case about the real thing. Isabelle is a WW2 Katniss Everdene. If you are looking for an emotional WW2 novel try Atonement.
This was one of the best books I have ever read.  Written so well, never failed my expectations.  So easy to follow the characters.  Parts of the book brought me to tears.
Awesome!  Great historic fiction, and yes the details can be gruesome. Both women/sisters<br/>are a rare example in survival under such extreme conditions.  Loved ending!
An excellent read. I could hardly put it down once I started it. It's a gruesome, but necessary reminder of how cruel humanity can be-- and how redeeming at the same time.
This was moving in ways I never expected. Each word, each description carried my emotions along this journey. I appreciate the twists, turns and even the tears. Wonderful!
I loved this book. It was a bit overwhelming beause it was just so sad. Such an incredible story and a very real view of world war  II and the holpcaust. Highly recommend!
Amazing, amazing book! I felt with the charactars from beginning to end! A story of strength and sacrafice! A must read if you are interested in the time of World war 2...
WWII France. French women who made a difference in other's lives during war. Couldn't put it down. So well written. Characters well developed. Must read more of her books.
I looked forward to the book with anticipation based upon the other reviews.  After reading the book I found it melodramatic and contrived.  It was a disappointment to me.
Loved the characters, intrigue, mysterious narrator and realistic descriptions that conveyed horror without being only horrific. A sad story filled with love in a sad war.
I chose this book because of it's 5star rating. Sadly that didn't pan out. It was however a good rendition of what it would be like to live through ww11 in occupied France
I love historical fiction and the nightingale is no exception. It catches the World War Two era perfectly. It's a page turner that will keep you up well into the wee hours
I really enjoyed this book.  The main character shows great courage of her convictions.  I have read several WWII novels lately and I would consider this one of the best.
took me in a stranglehold, and i could hardly put the book down.  a powerful story, powerfully written, as if from intimate experience.  it left me breathless at its end.
I'm completely fascinated by this story.  I won't give anything away - but I couldn't put the book down.  By the end, I had the book in one hand and tissues on the other.
I thought it was another French resistance book, but you get involved with the two sisters and their story and I was totally ingrossed and found myself crying at the end.
What an awesome book!! I love historical fiction and this one was spellbinding. The characters were so real and their  circumstances so authentic.  Could not put it down.
I have read every book Kristin Hannah has written.  When you read<br/>her books, you feel as though you are right there.  I would highly<br/>recommend any of her books.
This is definitely one of the best books I have read in a long time. I could not put it down. I have Read  many other World War II books but  this is one of my favorites!
Couldn't put it down.  Author did a great job making you feel like you were right there.<br/>How can there be a god that let those horrible things happen to people.  :^(
This is the best book I've read in a long time.  I couldn't put it down.  It is well written and draws a clear picture of what is going on - I highly recommend this book!
Couldn't stop reading this story. Loved the love /hate relationships and how things all unfolded to bring characters together. Def read this !! I heard it's a movie, too!
Very interesting, very informative, disappointed to learn that it was all fiction! It was such a good read that I was certain that the story was based on real characters.
This book had me hooked the minute I started reading!  This book was exciting, scary, intriguing, sad, heartbreaking and thought provoking all rolled into one.  Loved it!
Read this book - it is a page turner and makes you thankful that we live in 2015 and not WWII occupied France... Great story! Would love to know how much of this is true!
The author wrote a book that should divide her writing period by entertaining to riveting.  It's characters are well developed, the plot is fascinating as is the subject.
A great tale of WWII and the damage inflicted on countless families - and courage that defies imagination. At times it borders on chick-lit, but it always comes back to  good, solid storytelling. Very well done.
Character development, story line, uncertainty. Well done! There are few books that's embrace me as this story did. I couldn't stop thinking about how history changes us.
Loved this book.  The characters and historicaly based timerfame were brialliantly depicted...  both heart breaking and uplifting.  Have recommended to many of my friends
I loved this book - best one I've read in a long time.  Historical novels are my favorite and this one really held my interest.  I wish I could find more of this quality.
I couldn't put it down it was so suspenseful.  there were numerous twists in the plot, that made it an excellent read.  the words of my wife who said it was a great gift.
Fabulous book! The best I've read in over a year. Learned a lot about Nazi occupied France, the resistance movement, and loved the character development of the 2 sisters.
Extraordinary picture of the impact of WW II on the lives of everyday people, capturing the unsuspecting but growing impact of the occupation and the resistance thereto.
Such a touching book.  It was so hard to read parts of it that I know were things that really happened during the war.  The strength of these two sisters was remarkable.
This book, while slow at first, becomes captivating. It is an unusual perspective on life during WWII for a Parisian, who while not Jewish, was very involved in the war.
First time reading this book I think other 2nd war story but more I read  I can not put down It is one family story but we have to remember what war doing for human life
Tear-jerker! Moment to moment of feeling like I was actually apart of the story. I can't remember when the last time was that I was bawling and smiling at the same time!
Two French sisters defy the German occupation, each in their own way. Detailed, eye opening, and very suspenseful. Shines a light on the role of women in the resistance.
Outstanding book, is a love story And at the same time shows rather resilience of the French underground during war war 2.<br/>Will recommend to all my friends and wife
I could not put this book down. Cannot believe what people endured during the war I felt like I was also going through it with them. I recommended this to all my friends
It's been a long time since I stayed up for hours to read. This book was well written and kept my interest the whole time. I even made it a book club pick for our group!
This story was terrific. I enjoyed every character, and every page. Every person I know who has read it has loved it. The sisters are so real, and it was just wonderful.
In a story that is both heartbreaking and heartwarming, Kristin Hannah draws you in to the point where you feel as though you are part of the story. Beautifully written.
Amazing. Should be read by anyone who loves historical fiction. Takes you through life in small French town before German occupation until the wars end.  So well written
I love her character development!! This was a wonderful read. I could not put it down. What a way to tell a sad story. I loved reading and learning about French history.
Beautifully written story set in Nazi occupied France during World Way 2.  The characters and their bravery in trying to do something meaningful are wonderful! Loved it!
Started off a little slow but became a wonderful story. You come to love the characters. Really interesting topic in hightluhhting how woman played a major role in WWII.
Fantastic portrait of what life was like for these woman and the sacrifices they had to make during war.  Two sisters with different agendas fighting for the same thing.
Beautifully written, well developed characters.  I did not want this story to end, although I wanted the war to end for the characters, because they had endured so much.
One of the best books I've read.  This book has been researched and is based on facts about an area in World War II history than I'd never heard about.  Great!!!!!!!1111
The book needs no recommendation the history it captured is enough...<br/>The characters stand for so many French Citizens who truly were heroines and heroes....<br/>.
Well written! The horror that the Germans did to the French Jews was very graphic during WW II. How inhuman we humans can be to each other is unbelievable and sickening.
Always like K.Hannah books, but this has to be one of her best!  Couldn't put it down, and upon finishing it, I promptly sent e-mails to several friends recommending it.
Not my type of book but a very interesting look at an aspect of WWII.<br/>I really much prefer a light hearted romance or a light mystery; but this was very interesting
I liked the subject matter. Also it gave a different slant to other books I have read about whose setting was the 2nd WW. Enjoyed the parts the strong women played. Wow!
The characters became living symbols of humanity and strength we can reach when faced with unprecedented evils.  Thank you for Vianne, Isabell, and all those they loved.
I love all her books, but this is the best one by far. Saw on her Facebook site that they will be making of movie of this, and I'm really looking forward to seeing that.
An amazing and richly-told story that calls upon all of us to remember the stories of sacrifice and bravery, and to be inspired by our ancestry of this great generation.
Would recommend this book for anybody who wants a good entertaining read. I liked the ww11 historical aspect. Kept me interested throughout the book. Best yet by author.
This book was fabulous, I could not but it down. I am not sure how it is possible to read so many great stories about WWII but this yet another one. Highly recommend it.
It was poignant.  The characters of life like.  I feel like I unhderstand some of the war problems better--feel closer.  I teared up, cried and sobbed.  It was wonderful
Tenable characters, compelling portrayal of the sacrifices made by those on the ground in France during WWII, inspiring shifts of perspective, conveys hope for humanity.
This story moved me beyond words. I always wonder if her next book will compare to the one before and as always she has knocked ot out of the park!!!  Truly a must read!
Quite a moving story. The character's feelings of love, pain and suffering was expressed quite well. Life came full circle for this family. I recommend this book highly.
I went back in time.  Reading this novel I was in Paris living the life of the people during war.  The characters were so real and the time was a difficult time in life.
A story that is spellbinding as only Kristin Hannah can do.  Loved this. Different from her other books I've read,but the only one I've read that equals "Winter Garden".
Although the writing is only average the story itself makes you think and reflect and search for more information. That, plus the tears I shed, rate this a 4 star read.
Grueling to read but an important book which will stir the reader to think deeply about the relationships between courage and love, secrets and lies, truth and meaning.
This story was a heartbreaking story of what two sisters had to go through in paris during World War II. I love how the author made you feel like you were really there.
This book was compelling- horrific- sad- triumphant!  I couldn't put it down!  I am still shaking. And crying! The writing brought you into the lives of the characters!
The Nightingale held my interest throughout the book and enlightened my sense of what those who lived under the German occupation in France endured during World War II.
I loved this novel. Very interesting historically regarding the French resistance. Unforgettable heroines. Difficult to put down and emotionally moving to the very end.
an absolutely excellent story, very moving, correct details of the occupation, can't say enough about the book, one of the best I have read in a long time, a must read!
You will smile, you will laugh, you will cry, and you will have an overwhelming urge to write the author and thank her for touching your heart with this beautiful book.
Not since "Ordinary Heroes" have I read a book this compelling. There is a powerful life lesson for all in the pages of "The Nightingale".  Recommended.
Kept me enraptured - incredibly well-written, phenomenal story of two women who fought back during World War II, each in her own, unbelievably strong way. A great read.
Very interesting story. It was hard to put own - I was thoroughly engaged throughout! If you love emotional stories about survivors of Nazi Germany, you will love this!
This is one of the best books I've have had the honor of reading in a very long time.  From beginning to end I was captured.  I truly didn't want it to end!  Excellent!
Wow...never realized the severity of the suffering for civilians during the war.  I felt so many emotional connections and pride for those who fought back on any level.
Couldn't put this down.  Excellent story, well written.  Definitely recommend.  I will be picking up other books of Hannah's, as I really enjoyed Summer Island as well.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Hard to put down, finished it in two days. Well developed characters. Have recommended book and this author to others who also enjoyed it.
I love all of her books and this was one I couldn't put down. This is a heart wrenching beautiful story about two sisters that finally find their way back to each other
I loved this book, couldn't put it down however it was a little predictable, most of her books have alcoholic fathers who check out emotionally and find their way back.
I love WW2 stories and this is definitely one of the best. I couldn't put it down. It was very suspenseful love story. It has a 3 Kleenex ending! I highly recommend it.
This book was so moving. It brings to mind uncomfortable thoughts about what I would do to protect my family even if I knew that what I was doing was inherently wrong.
Great historical fiction! First book I've read about the homefront in France during the occupation and was blown away by the realistic portrayal of events. Great read!
Wow.... just wow.  LOVED the historical basis of the book.  Steady-paced,  thought provoking, could NOT put it down.  LOVED it!  Thank you, Kristin Hannah!  Well done!
Another good and interesting story about the war with fascinating characters.  Very well written and researched.  Looking forward to reading another one of her novels.
Wonderful! Loved this book! One of the best books I've read  ever! If you liked "All the Light You Can Not See" or "Sarah's Key", you'll like this too!
I was not sure I had the fortitude to finish this book and I was thankful for the life line Ms Hannah threw her readers which enabled me to. Excellent book. Excellent.
Although it took awhile for me to get hooked when reading this book, once I did I loved every second. Redemption. Reconciliation. Beauty from ashes. I really loved it!
Made me laugh and made me cry. We Americans don't really know what it's like to be at war. I hope we never have to experience what the European people did during WWII!
Loved it.  If I was asked to recommend five books to someone who might be stuck on a deserted island, I would definitely include this one.  Kristin has another winner.
I couldn't put this book down. I think it might be Kristin Hannah's best writing. It is not an easy story to read but Ms. Hannah told it beautifully. Bravo. Well done!
Wonderful story---rich characters that involve you in their joys and heart aches during France's involvement in WWII. Thoroughly enjoyed the book and highly recommend!
An outstanding story.  I highly recommend it.  Extremely moving.  Captures the heart.  Spellbinding!!<br/>We can never fully understand the pain and sacrifice of WW2.
The best book I've read so far this year, and my favorite Kristin Hannah book. I couldn't put it down and immediately recommended it to everyone I knew who's a reader!
This book was engaging and beautifully written. It is very deep and manages in a real way to touch on the atrocities of war in a way that is touching. Time well spent.
Well written story of a horrible time In our history---Nazi invasion of France and the bravery of the French underground . Twist and turns make for late night reading.
Kristin Hannah has done it again. Excellent book about the German occupation of France. You get so wrapped up in the characters and their plight you can't put it down.
First of her books that I have read, but the first of many.  She writes very well and told a great story, do not think I have ever experienced a more emotional ending.
One of the best books I have read in a long time. I could not put the book down.  An amazing story  that will make you belief that you are walking with the characters.
This is absolutely a recommended read. It is one of the best books I have read this season. The character development is so well done. Just keep your tissues handy...
Beautiful writing style, important messages, touching relationships, and meaningful conclusions. A gripping and educational reading experience. I highly recommend it.
Great read! Wonderful characters and a different WWII story than the norm. The Nightingale focuses on German occupied France and the French Resistance. A page turner.
One of the best books I have read in 2015. This is the first time I have read a book by Kristin Hannah and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I plan on reading her other books.
I loved it! One of the the best books I've read in a while. I really like historical fiction, and I had no idea what France & it's people went through during the war.
This was a very well written book about the war, but a slightly different look at characters that I haven't read before.  It is written so that it is not predictable.
I thought.characters for this period piece were very believable and story moved along well. It taught me some things about French Resistance that I didn't know about.
A heart rendering story of survival and courage during world war 2.  Not only was it a tragedy of events but also one of the complex relationship between two sisters.
One of the better books about WWII.  I learned a lot about the French Resistance and the hardships the French people suffered while they were occupied by the Germans.
This story has so much depth.  I love how the history was told with love from beginning to end.<br/>I could picture everything being told.  It was beautiful and sad.
One of the best books I've read in a number of years.  The background of WWII France was fascinating and brought tears to my eyes more than once.  Well worth reading.
I loved this book.  I found the plot captivating and the characters believable.  As someone with two sisters I really thought the author understood the relationships.
I could not put this book down.  The subject matter is, of course, difficult and painful to read, but the book is very well written and compelling.  A very good read!
This book is a MUST read! I finished it a week ago and I still miss the characters. Not only did I enjoy the story - I also learned a lot about WWII. Buy this book!!!
what a tear jerker<br/>could not put the book down<br/>I have always been interested in the holocost<br/>terrific story<br/>one of the best books I have ever read
This book was engaging. It depicted the difficulties the French endured during the war. It also told stories of the brave women and men who worked for the Resistance.
Captivating and heartbreaking. The kind of book that finds you thinking about the characters during the day and sneaking to read at every chance. Beautifully written.
This story is about pain, suffering, endurance, survival and love. May God bless all those of the French Resistance for doing the right thing and making a difference.
One of the best concerning the plight and lives of those who endured the brutal Nazi occupations of France and  how two sisters took different paths during that time.
Although the book is about atrocities during WWll, it was interesting to read about what the French suffered during the occupation and the role that the women played.
Awesome read! I can't even imagine surviving that terrible time. Strong women and lots of love! History can teach us so much about the world and its beautiful people.
Historical fiction at its best! We usually read about concentration camps in WW II history but this is a new viewpoint for me. I hated to get to the end of this book.
Loved this book. Such a well told story that sucked me in I didn't want it to end. If you are interested I historical fiction or just want a good story, then read it.
Ms. Hannah has written an epic story which is almost impossible to read because of the horrific truth of the story of WWII France.<br/>A triumph of the human spirit!
The best book I have read in a very long time.  The story was very well written and made it difficult to put down.  I only wish more books were this well-thought out.
I really enjoyed this book. Kristin Hannah has a way of spinning a story that completely pulls you in. I would recommend this book to anyone, whatever their genre is.
What a wonderful story!<br/>Fact or fiction?<br/>Probably both.<br/>I am now gonna find another Hannah story which couldn't possibly be as good as The Nightingale.
Could not put this book down!  Kristin Hannah has a beautifully descriptive way of writing.  My heart broke and soared within the same chapters.  This is a must-read!
Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors and she does not disappoint with The Nightengale. So real you feel taken back to experience history in a new and real way
I loved the characters  I can't imagine going through all those things for so long. Very inspiring  the book made me feel so blessed not to have to live in such a way
I always learn something new when I read a Kristin Hannah book and this book has opened my eyes to the roles brave women played in WWII. This is my new favorite book!
Best book she has written yet! I stayed up until 1 a.m. so I could finish the last third of the book because I had to know how it ended. Very surprised by the ending.
Great book, loved it!
I so enjoy her books!
Well written and great characters. Love that part of history. Intricately woven tale that will have you turning pages. Bravo and now to read more of Hannah's writing
I thoroughly enjoyed this story.  It gave the reader insight into how the residents of the occupied towns had to cope with living with the war and it's consequences.
Engaging and tense. I felt like I lived through one of history's most difficult wars as lived by the innocents in France. Definitely a page- turner and all- nighter!
A Very Well written book that pulls you toward the end. This book has many twists and turns and just when you think you figured it out you haven't. It's a good read.
The characters were well developed and believable. The storyline is also well developed and it is both heartbreaking and heartwarming in equal parts. Very good read!
Beautiful story about people's strengths and frailties during extremely difficult times.<br/>Loved the characters and it made me cry at times.  Recommend it highly.
Family relationships didn't quite ring true for me.  But the evocation of everyday life in war did.  Glad I stayed the course after almost abandoning after 50 pages.
Too wordy for my taste.  I don't need to read about every flower in detail.  I also found it difficult to read about the torture  and violence.  Not what I expected.
The book starts out a little slow but stay with it and you will not be able to put it down.  Beautifully written, deeply intriguing, heartwarming; a wonderful story.
The author captures your attention in the first few pages and paints a picture of what the war was like for the French women when France was occupied by the Germans.
I loved this story. I wanted to keep reading. The characters were very interesting and the author touched me emotionally. What a hard life these brave women endured!
this book was well written with good transitions between events and characters.  We must never forgt the horrors of this war and this book serves as a good reminder.
A very griping story of the French resistance during World War II and the challenges faced by the French under Nazi occupation. Great writing and and very memorable.
Incredible story about family love and loss in what we all know was a horrible time to be young or old in Nazi controlled Europe .<br/>Definitely have tissues ready
Wonderful story about survival despite suffering horrific treatment from Hitler's regime. I couldn't put this book down and can't wait to read this authors next book
Masterpiece!!!  Perfectly written - great description of ww2 and how it affected the French. Touching, human, raw and full of love. A beautiful, atypical love story.
Great read! Often times the book may be wonderful but the author will rush the ending. Not so here. Kristin Hannah took her time and completed each characters story.
Just a wonderful story about a horrible time. It tells of the triumph of the human spirit and love.  I cannot imagine anyone not thoroughly enjoying this book. Bravo
This book had me crying for about the last forty pages. I've read quite a few books on atrocities and heroism during the second world war and this is maybe the best.
I am crying as I write this.  My heart is broken for all the lives broken and murder.  As a grandchild of German refugees,  I can only be angry at what they endured.
The book has a slow start but quickly picks up towards the middle. It's a wonderful tale of sisters living in occupied France and the ending will leave you in tears.
Truly one of the best books I have read! The subject is uncomfortable as much as it is important at times. The<br/>characters are so real and the ending satisfying!
Nightingale was one of the best novels I read about the Germany invasion of Europe. I've recommended it to all my "reader" friends. I did not want it to end!
A book filled with the horror of war and man's inhumanity but also filled with the hope and strength that people find within themselves. The book touches your heart.
I thought this was a good book, but could've been a bit shorter. The character development was well-done. I would recommend it as a good historical fiction re: WWII.
This was a good read. The story line was interesting and the character development fairly well done. If you read for pleasure and relaxation this book fits the bill.
Fantastic! I couldn't put it down.  I was cheering for both sisters, and loved the historical accuracy. Great story, great character development. An excellent read.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. Kept me interested all the time. Gives people a good idea of what a country like France went through during the war.
This book was absolutely amazing. I don't know how else to describe it. Kristin Hannah wrote this story beautifully. This is one of the best books I have ever read.
One of the best books I've ever read! Once you start reading it, it's almost impossible to put down. This book is one that you won't foget anytime soon. I loved it.
The intensity of wartime and the will to survive are vivid in this memorable novel.The characters and their perilous choices are riveting.A highly recommended read.
As always ,Christine Hanna delivers the best stories with intensive research for her historical books which is a page turner and keeps you interested until the END.
If you want to read a great book about France in World War II, then I recommend All the Light We Cannot See. This book started strong, but dissolved into melodrama.
A very good story filled with history about the German occupation of France during World War II.  Would definitely recommend this book and read more by this author.
Excelkent book, I could not put it down.  It was very well written and a great story.  A must read!!!! Enjoy and when you get near the end have the Kleenex ready!!!
I have read a lot of books lately with a similar subject matter. I usually really enjoy Kristin Hannah books, but I felt myself struggling to read on. My a favorite
A truly compelling story. I loved reading it. Couldn't put it down. It is disturbing at times - but powerful - a great story that reminds us of the horrors of WWII.
Very well written, but if your looking for a happy book, this is not the one! Very accurate portrayal of world war two and what the women at home had to go through.
Hard to put the book down!  The character development and the story line were well done.  The suspense was enough to keep one interested without being overwhelming.
Extraordinary story of the courage of French persons during WWII.  If only we would learn from stories like this to do all we can in the face of extreme injustices.
Would give it 10 stars if I could. Read it on kindle and couldn't wait to open back up on breaks. Such an incredible story teller. I have not been disappointed yet!
This will always sit in my heart along with The Book Thief and Sarah's Key.  Beautifully wound stories culminating in one incredible ending. I couldn't put it down.
Needed a good editor at the beginning...a tad sloppy.  That said, it pulled itself up by its' boot straps and emerged with a great plot and tense drama.  Well done.
I love Kristin Hannah's books and Nightingale did not disappoint!  Her books just draw you in that you can't put it down and you're disappointed when they are over!
Heart wrenching story.....well conceived and beautifully written. Wonderful characterizations...Hard to put down! A different kind of holocaust story for everyone!
Interesting story of ordinary people compelled to extraordinary acts of heroism. It is an in depth sketch of the pain and suffering of war on a populace of people.
Excellent.  Kept you in suspense.  Wonderful writing.  Depth of the characters.  Enjoyed it immensely, but sad at what people went thru, and I believe it was true.
One of the best books I've read all year!  I learned a lot about what it was like living in France during WWII, not something I've thought about or studied before.
From the beginning I was hooked. You've heard similar stories but this one is particularly engaging. I just can't imagine what this time in history was truly like.
Outstanding novel by Kristen Hannah.  The characters are superbly created and developed throughout the book.  This is a page turner...well worth the reader's time.
I loved this book. Kristin Hannah's writing transported me  to France during WWII. I really liked the characters. A great read that I will recommend to my friends.
Loved this book! Very well written, it takes you to a very dark period in history and how these two very different sisters saved countless lives in different ways.
The best book I have read in a long time! Characters were well developed, a brief review of WWII history, and a page-turning story! This book hit on all cylinders!
Well written and researched.  I had a hard time putting it down.  The characters were almost too real.  I have to say that I would recommend the book to any reader
Loved this book.  I don't know if there has been a book I haven't liked by Kristin Hannah, but I have been telling all my friends to read this one, it is worth it.
This is one excellent book.  Great edge-of-your-seat story, with well developed flawed characters that you care about.  One of the best I have read in a long time.
A spellbinding book to read.  Brings back many memories of the World War II time even though living in the USA did not go through the terrible struggles in France.
A romance wrapped up to depict the tragedies and triumphs of the era. Women and men coping with senseless violence. The role of women is powerful and illuminating.
This is one of the most moving books I've read in quite a while. I had a really hard time putting it down. It's an amazing story of the triumph of the human spirit
Very well written with 1 or 2 unbelievable coincidences...a must read for every Jew living in Europe now...read with a prayer that no people should suffer WW again
Not a rich read. Was very frustrated but the lack of depth and disconnect to the time period, culture and lack of maturity the characters exhibit for their age and era.
This was an excellent book of the struggle of the French during WWII . The courage of both women makes me wonder if I would be able to do what either of them did.
Well written book about life in Paris and how people coped back in World War 2 during the Paris occupation by the Nazis- very timely with recent bombings in Paris
This book was enjoyed by all of our book club, the first of her books we have reviewed. The strong characters enhanced the unfolding story to the surprise ending.
What a beautiful story!  I couldn't stop the tears. I had read stories about the heroics of the Resistance. The Nightingale let us into their plight and feelings.
Enjoyable and engaging read. At times it seemed a bit inarticulate and there are lots of loose ends that remain untied in the end. Would recommend it nonetheless.
The history that based the story was gut wrenching. The story was told beautifully though painful at times to imagine. A love story...on so many different levels.
A great book about life in France during WW II.  The story focuses on one family and how they survived and coped during the war in both Paris and the countryside.
I love Kristin Hannah writing and how she draws you in to knowing each character.  Intense reading, emotional at times and a few surprises.  Couldn't put it down.
This is a beautifully written book !  The characters came alive and I was filled with emotion as I took this journey not only of survival but of heroism as well .
A riveting story of the struggles to fight in the French Resistance during WWII.  The story is woven around one family and the heartaches and triumphs they faced.
Brilliantly written- a journey into the past written with passion and heart. Excellent in every way. One of the most endearing historical fiction stories in years
Beautifully written, page-turner. Story unfolds in bits and pieces. Excellent character development. Felt like I knew the characters thoroughly. Highly recommend!
The story moves along very well, the characters are interestingly developed, and the historical significance of the novel is educational.  But it was so sad......
The very BEST book I have read in a very long time.  It is one of those books that I hated to see it end.  Put it on your reading list--you won't be disappointed.
This portrait of the women's side of WWII is stunning and heartbreaking and triumphant. I hope we never forget the atrocities they lived though. Highly recommend!
I think this is one of the best books I have ever read. Her intertwining of the plot and characters throughout the book is so compelling. I could not put it down!
One of Kristen Hannah's finest. I love that each of her books are so different. She does not follow a cookie cutter format. Her characters come alive. I loved it.
Excellent writing! A historical fiction that made U feel u were there the characters.  Enough detail to paid vivid pictures of their lives, sorrows and happiness.
This was one of the best novels I've read in years. The story is truly gripping and makes you not want to put the book down. I would highly recommend this to all.
I just love this book. It is written with superb knowledge of the time period and I felt I knew the characters. What a talent and what  a satisfying story to read
The book plodded along then somewhere in the middle, I couldn't put it down. Great story- I love WWII settings & their heroics. Some was predictable some was not.
Truly the best read this year.  I could not put the book down.  The depth of the story and realistic history is really what writing should encompass.  Well done!!
This was such a good book. It was heart breaking to read how their country was torn apart. It was amazing to read about the sisters and how they survived the war.
I enjoyed this book tremendously. I was hooked and couldn't stop reading. The story was breathtaking and I loved it. I couldn't stop thinking about it days later.
The story is about two sisters during World War II in occupied France.  There were definitely surprises and twists.  I was very emotionally involved.  A good read.
Truly an amazing book. I was caught in the first chapter.  Characters are human and you connect with each of them almost immediately.  I can't say enough.  Do not
This is one of the best books I've read.  I have always had an interest in World War I I and this book was a real page turner for me.  I could hardly put it down.
Excellent.  So many people to thank for their help and bravery.  Even though this book is fiction  it had to be based on true stories.  Some marvelous people around who do the right things.
Excellent reading...did not want to put it down.  Eye-opening reminder of the devastation and impact of war on those not necessarily on the "battlefront".
Loved the characters. Grateful for the insight in to how ordinary people got put to the test.  You will wonder how you would hold up under the horrific circumstances of the time.
I can't say how this books ends because I'm not done reading it yet, but I love the book!! I can't put it down. If you like WWII fiction, you will like this book.
I loved the book. As I read each chapter I kept wondering.."ok. Who is going the the reunion in Paris?" Good job in keeping it a secret until the end of the story
Oh, this was good. It took a while to read only because I had to put it down and let it rest because it was sad. But it's a wonderful Book that will not leave me.
This was one of the best books I ever read. rich characters against a<br/><br/> historical backdrop  left me weeping in the last chapters by far an amazing read
Wonderfully written with a realistic intensity that conveyed the horror while focusing the reader ultimately on that what endures from one generation to the next.
Compelling,wonderful history story of those who were brave and those who were not under the stress of German Occupation. Well written, a book you won't put down.
It is a pages turner!  Very well writen, bringing close the realities of war deep and personal. Yet , you are left with feelings of hope for humanity at the end.
Whhhhaaat happened Kristin?? This is the first book of hers that I didnt like. It was soooo boring and others have done a better job of doing historical romance.
Recommended by a friend and I flew through it and at the end was crying so hard I had trouble finishing it! But after all was said and done it was a great story.
If you're interested in World War Two, the French Resistance, and brave and strong women, this book is for you. Have some tissues ready for the beautiful ending.
Excellent story set in WW2, one that I didn't want to end. Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors and did not let me down with this story, one of her best!
always love Kristin Hannah's books, but this one is outstanding.  I learned a lot about the world war 2 that I did not know.  I would urge everyone ot read this.
Because I remember some of WWII it brought back sad memories but ones I hope the world never forgets.  War is a terrible thing and does terrible things to people
Well done but it is fiction but like other authors, she has relied on historical info. Characters were well written and the story had lots of nooks and crannies.
Once I started reading this book, I could not put it down.  Was sad but it brought to mind that tyranny like Germany allowed must NEVER happen again.  GOOD READ.
Beautiful, gut-wrenching, emotional... once I started this book, I couldn't put it down.<br/>*Received an advanced copy of this book through Goodreads First Reads.*
I LIKE READING BOOKS THAT RELATE TO THAT TIME PERIOD.  THE SISTERS' CHARACTERS WERE NICELY DEVEOPED.  THE ENDING WAS A SURPRISE.  I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED THE BOOK.
I never realized what a big part that the women of France had in the fight against Germany during world war two. Excellent story and details. Loved the history.
one of the best books i've read in a long time..had to put it down at least 10 times because i would turn into a sobbing fool..love kristin hannah..her best yet
it has been a long time since I have read a book of this caliber.<br/>It will capture your heart and take it on a beautiful journey through horror and despair.
Wonderful story about WW  2 and the Holocaust A story of 2 sisters and how they coped during this painful time in history . A page turner,could not put it down.
The Nightingale was a moving story taking place during WWII.  I cried and became one with the characters. It showed the compassionate and human side to society.
Beautifully told story<br/>Heartfelt and heartbreaking with vivid characters<br/>Powerfully written with unexpected turns<br/>Loved every minute of this book
Beautifully written, this book takes me into the heart of the hardships of occupied France and the effects of war on human connectedness.  We must never forget.
An spellbinding story of two sisters during the Nazi occupation of France.  Kristin Hannah makes the characters come alive. You may cry while reading this book.
Beautifully told story of a French family under Nazi rule during World War II.  The characters are believable and so human. I highly recommend The Nightingale.
The characters wrap you into their lives and leave you wanting for more. Though not one for sappy fiction, this one had me shedding a tear for the protagonist!
Well written,excruciating historical novel that reminds us how resilient humans can be.<br/>The French went through Hell in WWII,often forgotten by Americans.
An entertaining read.  A bit formulaic and predictable.  A good beach/airplane read. Reminded me a bit of the great book "All the light we can not see"
Very heart warming.  I feel I learned so much about the war from this book.  One can easily identify with the characters and feel their pain. Recommend highly.
Fabulous and gripping read.  I love Kristin Hannah and this was a very different type of story compared to her usual novels, but just as much of a page turner!
Great book!  An amazing story about France during WWII.  It showed the love, strength, and courage two sister had to endure and the tragedies they faced.
A very good family saga against the background if WWII. And it was a nice change to read about the perspective if a non-Jewish family caught up in the horrors.
I was hooked from the first page until the end. This is the type a book where you read at the table and until you can't keep your eyes open at night. Loved it!
What a fabulous book. I loved it. It is definitely one of my favorites.  I couldn't put it down. I cried like a baby. I  have recommended it to all my friends.
Master storyteller!  She painted pictures with her words and kept me on the edge of my seat!  Great story.  I'm looking forward to reading more by this author.
I give it 5 stars. Very hard to put down. Beautifully written and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading fictional stories about this time in history.
I'm not good at writing discritive reviews, so I'll just say this book was awesome. It brought me there and I didn't want to leave them when the book was over.
Great character development.  This book was heartbreaking, full of World War II history in France and I couldn't put it down.  The ending left me wanting more.
Much like Winter Garden, I learned another perspective of WWII through a beautiful story with convincing characters. I actually had difficulty putting it down.
her descriptions oof the  war with its hunger ,poverti and lack of  everything were very touching making you feel than as strongly as depicted ... Great story
Awesome.  Great. Spectacular lit.  Required reading.  Imagery and chapter development just superb.  You are one with Isabelle and Vianne.  Best book in years.
A beautifully written portrayal of some of history's blackest moments during World War II.  A novel, yes, but based in fact.  Everyone should read this story.
This book was everything I was told it would be.  I could hardly put it down.  Kristin Hannah is a wonderful author.  I am compelled to read more of her work!
It was hard to read about the horrific acts the people of France endured during the war. It was heartwarming to read about the heroic efforts to save so many.
I would like to have all my children read this book, not only for the richness of the family, but for the historical content interwoven within the storylines.
When women who helped and fought against prejudice and injustice in war are often forgotten. This book brings their bravery and determination to the forefront
So well written. It was such an amazing glimpse of what life for women in France during WWII was like. Highly recommend. Lovely characters and amazing ending.
This story made me cry while reading. The emotional descriptions were so real. It started out slowly but once I got a few chapters in, I couldn't put it down.
It was a great book but it made me cry a lot. I think it was actually one of my favorite books by Kristen Hannah. Another book that I loved was Winter Garden.
Her best book, and such a close up picture of how hard it was to live in the midst of World War II. I have always enjoyed Hannah's books. This one is special.
One of the best books I've read this year! Wonderfully written. A story that moves one to question war, and man's ability for cruelty in modern world history.
This was a very powerful book.  We all know the story but this book brought it all to life with a realism that was almost frightening....many tears were shed.
I want to reread it and I just finished it. The story of the French resistance is rarely told. It's fiction but there were real people who risked their lives.
Excellent book.  I could not stop reading once I started.  This book is one of those you don't want to start reading if you have anything else you want to do.
The best piece of popular fiction I've been priveledged to read in recent years!  Beautiful use of language and plot that kept me on my toes beginning to end.
I have never been so moved by a holocaust story.  I literally cried at the end of the book!  Wonderful writing. Trulymadeyou feel asif you kneweach character!
I loved this book.  I have not read something so moving in quite a while.  What a gut-wrenching portrayal of amazing people during a terrible time in history.
I enjoyed this book and it was very interesting to learn more about the German occupation in wartime France.  I did find the storyline was a little contrived.
I don't know.  It was certainly readable.  Having read 'All the Light ..' recently, it does not compare with respect to the depth of feeling it brought to me.
Some stories resonate with the past and bring it forward.  This book does a beautiful job of putting you in ww2 France  the lives the losses the love of life.
One of the first great books I've read in awhile. I just couldn't put it down. Hannah develops her storyline and characters beautifully. A definite must read!
A wonderfully told story of two sisters during WW2 and how different people survived and helped throughout the war.  A riveting cannot put the book down read.
I loved this book and am looking forward to reading more books by Kristin Hannah. If you enjoy historical novels this is for you! It was hard to put it down !
By mid book I couldn't put it down. I became so touched by the troubles they endured and the strength the characters demonstrated. I really enjoyed this book.
I enjoyed this blood so much. It was well written and so well done I couldn't put it down.  I have read many books on World War II bit this one tops them all.
I loved this book. It was a beautifully written, heart wrenching story! The characters were strong & powerful, and the end had me in tears! Excellent writing.
It is rare that I love a book so much that I can't wait to get up in the morning after reading late into the night, just to read some more! I was transfixed!!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is written largely from the perspective of women in France during WW II - this is different from most books about the war.
Riveting story, could hardly put it down.  Really described such atrocities. Made you feel the cold and hunger and just wonder how it all could have happened.
Wonderful book with rich characters and a superb portrayal of wartime France.  If you loved "All the Light We Cannot See", you will love this one too!
I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend it to others. My book club is reading it this month at my suggestion.  I can't wait to discuss it with them.
This is a wonderful story of love, and survival in the darkest of times.  Get your kleenex ready and plan to read from cover to cover withput putting it down.
This sort of books written in a decade. There will hardly be anyone who dislike this book. If it were possible, I would give this book ten stars. Great story.
This is the best book I have read this year, it was so wonderful, I learned so much about the Nazi occupation of France, during WWII. Very emotional all read.
What a treat when I come across a book that I can't put down.  Beautifully written.  I LOVED the ending even though by that time I'm reading through my tears.
A MUST read. It's been a week since I finished it and I still haven't started another book because I am still reveling in The Nightingale. Hoping for a movie.
By far , one of the best books  I have read in a very long time. So well written..and I know that both the story and the characters will stay with me forever.
Something different from Kristin Hannah. A unique perspective on World War II, told from the viewpoint of a French woman. A good, worthwhile, fulfilling read.
The Nightingale is a heart wrenching tale of ordinary yet incredible people in France during WWII.  I am seldom moved to tears by a book, but this one did it.
I enjoyed it very much because I am of that era.  I cannot  believe that sort of wrong-doings could go on and to such an extent..  I found it to be authentic.
I chose a 5 star rating because this book was so interesting and hard to put down.  I was in tears at the end of this book and would recommend it to everyone!
One of her best! Couldn't put it down and when I did I couldn't wait to get back to it. One of those books that you think about long after it ended. Loved it!
Amazing narrative drive. I started reading it Saturday afternoon and kept reading all evening until I finished it. Probably my favorite book of hers thus far.
I've been telling every friend I have to read this book. The ending is surprising, and heart wrenching. I cried fast, hard and loud through the last chapter.
Never had I read a book that elicited such a range of emotions and brought me to tears like The Nightingale. Amazing story of love, survival, and heartbreak.
A beautiful story about the hardships and bravery of women during the Second World War.  Well written. I found it hard to put down and was sad when it ended.
Wonderful story and well written. The author makes you feel like you are there during those difficult times. I intend to read more of Kristin Hannah's novels
Easily the best book I have read this year. A gripping account from the viewpoint of two French women during the Nazi occupation of France. Loved every word.
I truly enjoyed this book. It brought WWII to life by seeing it from the woman's perspective. I fell in love with the characters and hoped and hurt for them.
This is one of the few stories that will stick with me.  What an amazing story.  It left me completely gutted. This will definitely go on my favorites shelf!
I really enjoyed this book. A little bit slow at first but then you just can't get the book down. Another perspective on how people lived and felt about WW2.
This was one of my favorite books ever, I didn't want it to end.  I felt as if I was living both Isabelle's and Vivian's lives.  Truly a most wonderful book.
I enjoyed reading this beautifully written account of a French family who helped Allied forces and Jewish to avoid capture by the Nazi soldiers during WW II.
Thoroughly researched. Well developed characters. Excellent portrayal of events in history that far too little is known about. It made me want to learn more.
I had know idea of the hardships suffered by the French during the Nazi occupation.  I felt that the book did drag but was I was more forgiving by the ending
Richly detailed characters, enduring enormous deprivations, taking heroic risks, while clinging to family and love throughout the horrors of occupied France.
Interesting, well written. I thought the character development was good, and the descriptions of life in those times under German rule was very enlightening.
It was a very good read.  hard to put it down.  I was crying so much at the end I couldn't even see to read.  Now, I am ready for Kristin Hannah's next book.
Emotionally exhausting but a necessary read for anyone who wants to truly understand the impact of the horrors of war, and the wonderment of human endurance.
Great book.  It portrays some very important history<br/>  I hope everyone will read it when considering how to vote in this upcoming presidential election
This is the best book I have ever read!  It is written in the blood of WWII. I'm finding it difficult to describe the incredible story. Crying tells it all.
Wonderful book – couldn't put it down – this is the second book I've read from this author – absolutely no disappointment here – Home Front was great too !!
Loved this book!  Great writing dealing with a very tragic period in human history.  Sad, but thought-provoking--very glad it was selected for my book clib.
Great story - well researched and you care about the characters. Very well written and I hated when it was over -- not often I get to say that about a book.
An excellent reminder of how France suffered at the hands of the Nazis. A surprising good read from Kristin Hannah the is not just another fluffy girl book.
I so enjoyed reading this book, I missed the characters after finishing the last page.  The plot was well organized and kept my interest through to the end.
I found the story very engaging, but felt that the writing, at times, was very repetitive. I would recommend the book because all in all it was a good read.
I very much enjoyed this novel!  It's captivating characters kept me engrossed in its pages until the last one.  The perfect harmony of fiction and history!
This book was brilliantly written.  It captivated my attention from beginning to surprising end! I have already recommended this book to family and friends!
Haunting, outstanding novel of the French side of WWII and the Resistance.  Beautifully written in an evocative and memorable tone.  Highest recommendation.
Powerful, moving, beautifully written!  My mother belonged to Hitler Youth and this story gave me insight into what people did to survive the Nazi invasion.
I have read many books about the war years and how they affected people.  This book is the best one yet.  I do not cry easily.  I cried.  It is a must read.
The Nightingale is on of the best historical fiction stories I have read. I highly recommend it. It's a dose of WW 2 history with an amazing personal touch.
Kept me very interested. Some graphic descriptions of violence during the Nazi invasion of France but integral to the story. Characters were well developed.
The writer paints a picture with words to the point where you can see the places described. This was one of those books I couldn't put down. A great story!
Outstanding love story and WWII drama.  Enjoyed reading it so much and didn't want it to end.  Thought the history was pretty accurate.  Highly recommend !
This book takes you into a time in history of the horrors of WWII in France. Very well written and you totally engrossed into the story of the two sisters.
I didn't want this book to end.  All the characters were well developed and the style of writing made it a page turner. I will probably read it again soon.
I could not put this book down. A heart wrenching story of love, sacrifice and the disturbing atrocities of World War 2 set in France. Really a great book!
The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah is a compelling and intriguing story that explores a multitude of human responses when faced with the adversities of war.
Well written and a wonderful look at the heroism of some in a horrible time in world history.<br/>A good reminder of man's unbelievable capacity for evil.
This was one of the best books that I have ever read. The characters were fully developed and the story was easy to follow. I really didn't want it to end.
Riveting, compelling and horrifying story about conditions during World War II!  It was an outstandingly well-written book, and very difficult to put down.
Amazing book that will stay with you a very long time. The strength of family, women and friends in WWII France. Nobody weaves a story like Kristin Hannah.
I couldn't put it down. Such an emotional roller coaster following the very different lives of these two sisters during WW2 in occupied France. Great read.
Wonderful Story.<br/>Very sad.<br/>A little unbelievable regarding Isabelle's role.<br/>Fictional, but also very Non-fictional.<br/>Liked it very much!
Very good read, especially if your interested in WWll stories. Gives the reader a inside look at what the French went through during the German occupation.
Kristin's compelling characters draw us into an accurate account of historical events which should never be forgotten so that they will never happen again.
I loved everything about this book. The story of 2 French sisters during WWII and how each lived, helped,survived and loved.  Best book I've read all year.
A beautifully engaging heartbreaking story of the tragedies of war yet the triumph of strong women engaged in a cause carried out with the greatest of love
True to life story of two sisters during the German occupation of France during WWII.  Extremely well written, one of the novels that was hard to put down.
Amazing! One of the best books I have ever read.  I gave it to my daughter too and she loved it as well.  It will be one of my favorite books of all times.
This book is fantastic. Such a beautiful story with remarkably rich characters. And the ending, wow, just wow. This book moved me in ways I never imagined.
An intricate story which weaves the lives of anyone having served in and survived WW II's German Occupation of France. Atmospheric, painful, and inspiring.
I have been an avid reader for many years.  I have never read a book that touched me like this one.  It is quite simply the best book I have ever read.....
Well written with ample twists to keep you in suspense. Nice historical jaunt. Good character development. Enjoyed the summer escape from hot temperatures.
well written story that opens up as it develops and  takes the reader on several suspenseful journeys culminating in a most interesting, well presented way
A tale full of heroes: some had to hide, but the legend uncovered is beautiful. Sisters with bravery in their genetics reveal that beauty cannot be hidden.
Enjoyed the story very much.  Kept my interest to the end.  I didn't predict the correct ending.  That's good , I don't necessarily like predictable books.
Although I am a history lover.....this book needed to be just about the war or about how the war affected a family not both. Too long and too many details.
Excellent page turning book.  There is an interesting, sad background going on, but the personal stories keep you reading.<br/>This is very well written..
Wonderful book. Excellent development of characters. A good reminder of how the French struggled during WW2 and the eventual relief from the Allied Forces.
A great book! Loved every page and would recommend highly. Had to read for a book club and am so happy to be enthralled with historical fiction undertones.
This is a 5 star story. The characters and the setting are so vivid it will tug at your heart strings. A story of love and survival. A lesson for all time.
Heartbreaking history told by believable characters. One family becomes the tragic mirror of war. Excellent springboard for teaching at high school level.
Extremely well written and totally captivating. She did an excellent job of capturing the atrocities of war and the systematic destruction of its victims.
Characters you will remember. Made me understand my French neighbor who was blind in one eye and a member of the French resistance but rarely spoke of it.
Great story of two sisters during WWII -- all their trials and heartaches -- and yet they survived somehow.<br/>I couldn't put the book down.  LOVED IT!!
I loved this book.  It is a wonderful story of 2 sisters in France trying to not only survive WWII but also doing everything they could to help the cause.
Story was good, details were good. The author kind of writes like a high schooler, with too many obvious statements and describing too many trite details.
Superbly written. A story that told about the Nazi occupation of France, but also dealt with the lives of two sisters and their families. A gripping story
Wow. First book that I will ever be honestly able to say that, I look forward to reading again. I've truly no words. Ask me again tomorrow? *heartbeating*
What an amazing book. Brought me to tears and incited my anger. Although the characters are a work of fiction, the historical realities were overwhelming.
Begins a bit slow at first but becomes very engaging.  I never realized how much the French suffered especially the women and children.  A very good read!
I loved this book from beginning to end. It was beautifully written and made you really empathize with the characters. I would love more books like that!!
A stunning engrossing read. I had the privilege of  being in Paris while reading this thrilling heartbreaking book. It made the reading all the more real.
Enjoyed this book.  The characters were engaging and I learned so much about the occupation of France by Germany during WW II.  Would recommend it highly.
This book was so good I couldn't put it down. The story and characters draw you in and you feel like you know the characters. I would highly recommend it!
This book is totally amazing. - captivating, heart stopping, heart rending and educational! My husband enjoyed it too and he is only a non-fiction reader!
What an incredible story!  Loved it right from the start.  Kept me engaged the entire 440 pages!  Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys reading about ww2.
Fantastic Read! Loved it! It's the type of book that once you start reading, there's no putting it down. I throughly enjoyed it. Alert: tissue box needed.
WWII from the point of view of a French father and his two daughters, one a ready partisan and the other a reluctant young mother. A very compelling tale.
Slow start to this book, but it has been a long time since a book brought me to tears.  I strongly recommend you take the time to read this terrific book.
A beautiful book that captures the atrocities and the unfairness of war. Yet it shows that love and family can survive in even the most horrible of times.
I couldn't put it down! Incredible story of love, pain, hope, fear, fearlessness, truth.. just wow. The story wraps you in. Be ready for lots of emotions.
Best book I've read in years!!!! I can't praise it enough. It was a complete surprise. Kristin Hannah is a gifted writer. Can't wait to read more of hers.
One of the best books I've read this year...I read about 20-30 a year....really compelling story.<br/>Don't miss the roller coaster ride with this one...
I felt as if I was living through the war with them.  It was moving and a very good read.  I highly recommend it to anyone that enjoys historical fiction.
I love all Kristin Hanah's books but  this one was exceptional. It really tells a real story of the war and the characters. I enjoyed this book immensely.
Really enjoyedthe perspective of this story....compelling..truly cared about the characters and what they endured-<br/>Highly recommend to read this book
I had to read the final pages through tears, story of strength and survival of people doing what they can to help another human being. Every life matters.
Read this book shortly after All the Light we cannot see- loved both. Strong heroines demonstrate remarkable courage in France during the Nazi occupation.
This is the best book I've read in a very long time. I couldn't put it down. This is the type of story that makes you so grateful for your every blessing.
Absolutely wonderful book.  Best thing I have read in a long time.  This is the first I have read from this author, but I will certainly look for others.
One of the best stories of misunderstanding and courage ever. Seldom does a book make me cry but nightingale shows the strength of the French Resistance.
Great book!  Could not stop reading......the characters are real and lovable!  Difficult subject matter, Nazi occupation of France and atrocities of war!
Finished the book with tears streaming down my face. I was completely taken in to the world of the 1940's, and reminded how much we take for granted now.
Excellent book!  Got into it immediately - unexpected ending & sad.  I would recommend this book to anyone.  It was written beautifully & easy to follow.
I loved this book. At times I was horrified by what happened during WW11, but it should be read by all the nay-sayers who insist there was no holocaust!!
An outstanding fiction. The love and affection between two sisters is displayed beautifully. The description on human sufferings makes you experience it.
This book is simply excellent.  I couldn't put it down.  A spellbinding tale of love, loss, war and perseverance.  You'll never forget Isabelle & Vianne.
Compelling. I could not put this book down.<br/>Very historically accurate,  wonderful character development.<br/>I will be reading more of her novels.
One of the best novels I have read in recent years.  Great characters and story plus a good history lesson.  Also an ending that was worthy of the story.
I loved this book.  It's very real for the setting and at times hard to read.  I felt like I needed to eat a sandwich in parts of it.  Very well written.
Very well written...great story...true...<br/>Ms. Hannah entwines emotions, history, and love into one of the best books I've read in a long, long time.
I am loving it and can't put it down! It is our Book Club's selection for this month. Beautifully written, a treasure to read and I don't want it to end!
I loved the story and the way it was portrayed. I will probably purchase other books by this author. Very little overt sexual content, excellent handled.
While it is a departure from the books by Kristin Hannah I've read in the past, she does an excellent job with a difficult topic.  I recommend it highly.
Haven't read it yet.  I gave it the 5 stars because it came highly recommended with, "Mom, this is your kind of book.  I think you will like it."
This is one of the greatest books I have ever read.  The writing was superb and the story was so engrossing that it was almost impossible to put it down.
I don't read books like this. I hate period romance novels. This book was fabulous. I went through every emotion with the characters. Highly recommended!
Loved this book, written with intrigue and passion.  Parts are hard to read, but it was so realistically written you got a sense of all those travesties.
Excellent read. As in life, this story unfolds in unpredictable ways that reveal the depth of the human spirit and the strength of convictions lived out.
Kristin Hannah's books always keep me on edge.  I love her writing style.  That's why I have now read 7 or 8 of her novels and currently reading another.
This is the story of two courageous woman who lived through World War I I.  The characters are easy to relate to and charming. Their stories are amazing.
I LOVED this book.  The story is very engaging and the characters are well drawn out.  I was in tears at the end of the book and very sorry to finish it!
As always, Kristin Hannah weaves a beautiful story of life lessons. Captivating, heartwarming, memorable. Highly recommend. Can't wait for her next book.
Great read.  A page turner.  The historical perspective and the characters kept this book moving.  This book should be on everyone's summer reading list.
I absolutely loved this book.  It was such a hard book to put down!  I am excited that it will become a movie for I think it will make a wonderful movie.
A very good read but quite graphic. It is hard to imagine that things were so bad during the war and it sure makes one realize how well off we are today.
I loved the characters and the story. I just finished the last few pages on the NYC subway, teary eyed, moved by the message of loss, survival, and love.
I loved this book. The characters were so alive and each page brought you into their world of war, love, dispair, hope,pain and the importance of family.
This is a wonderfully written memoir of two sisters and a father torn apart by war.  A powerful reminder of the important role that women played in WWII.
Kristin Hannah books are always great.  I only gave this 4 because I've read so many WWII books lately.  We never enjoy war but do celebrate strong women
One of the best Kristin Hannah books I've read!  Learned a lot about the pains caused by the war too.  It was gripping and I had trouble putting it down!
I wish Kristen Hannah could write 10 times as fast as she does. There is such depth to her characters, and so many layers. Best author I have ever read!!
The Nightingale is quite possibly one of the most interesting and best books I have ever read!  My mother-in-law was a war bride, and never really talked about her life growing up in the middle of a war in England.  My father-in-law was from the New Orleans area, and simply fell in love with the young "nurse" in the unit he was sent when wounded in WWII.  This book, "The Nightingale",  tells of the many brave women and men who fought for the human rights of their jewish neighbors, friends, and family in a war-torn country. It was dangerous, and we will never know all the sacrifices made for others just to live daily life.  My In-laws are now deceased, but this book really hit close to home in the few stories that was told about the war with Germany.  I know they would have both agreed that this was daily life in young love.
Slow beginning, but don't give up on it. It's well worth the read to give an authentic depiction of life for women during the Nazi occupation of France.
Great story with every possible  emotion.  Memorable vignettes and people.  A little lose with facts and definitions but not as. Important as the story.
This wonderful book kept me mesmerized from almost the first page I couldn't put it down the characters were all so memorable I will not to forget them.
Though it is sad with the war atrocities, it is written in a unique manner, has some mystery with great descriptive specifics and was quite a fast read.
Very good book. Enjoyed it very much. Sad and sweet. It was informative about the struggle the French endured at the hands of the Nazis in World War II.
This was a great read. I looked forward to reading it each evening.highly recommend it. It's exciting and excruciating, always leaving you wanting more.
Good book about WWII and the holocast point of view of two different sisters but still the same Ut is also about what you do for family and other pepole
Excellent book ! I enjoy the author's writing style. She keeps you engaged through out the entire book....this was one book that I was reading at 2am !!
A great book that will stay with you long after the last page.  For those who love France, World War 2 historical fiction, and strong female characters.
Excellent story. Held my interest throughout the novel. It is inspiring to see what these people were able to survive during a terrible time in history.
I've never given a review before but I felt this book deserved all the praise I could give. The best book I've read in years!!!  I couldn't put it down.
I loved this book.  It was well written and Kristin Hannah has the ability to make the characters almost part of your family.  Well done - a great read.
One of the best books I have read in a long time! Couldn't put it down. Didn't want it to end but couldn't wait to see what happened. Highly recommended
I like the way Kristin Hannah writes.  I would like to read more of her books. In this one I felt that I knew the main charaters and impatized with them
Very emotional read and no one could ever imagine the cruelty and evil of the Germans to mankind especially to hatred toward Jews! May God bless us all!
This book was a terrific read!  Having read similar books with the setting of Europe during Nazi invasion, I found the perspective from the French to be rather compelling.  The plot develops as two sisters react differently to threats of Nazi control throughout France.  Of course, their results can not be predicted.
Loved this book she makes you feel like you were there describing everything in such detail.  Not a happy story but so well told.  Couldn't put it down.
A good read (and a good cry) surrounding two sisters and their very different approach to participation in the Resistance in France during World War II.
Another view of WWII from the experiences of the French and French resistance. Well told, heartbreaking but inspiring. A testament to survival and love.
This book was FABULOUS!!!!! Could not put down.  The history aspect was great, the story of the two sisters fantastic.  A real tear jerker.  a MUST read
Beautifully woven tale of the power of love and the resiliency of the human spirit. Hannah had me captive to the final paragraph. Will recommend to all.
One of the most poignant, romantic and tragic stories I have ever read.  Every page filled with history, romance and intrigue.  I could not put it down.
Excellent read. First book I read from Hannah. Wife and daughter convinced me that this would be a compelling story that I would love.  They were right.
A story of women at war and how they fought, in their own way, and what sacrifices they made.  It gives us all hope that we would all be as courageous!!
Incredible story about the heroism of a woman during the 2nd world war in Paris. A story of family dysfunction and redemption. It was an wonderful read.
Could not put this book down. Almost didn't read it because I'm not particularly fond of books about wars. So glad I didn't miss out on this great read!
Outstanding historical novel of France during WWII.  The characters were women of amazing strength and courage; I learned soa great deal about this era.
Wonderful book.  I could not put it down. Can't imagine what people went through during the war.  One never knows the inner strength each one of us has!
Well developed content with very intriguing threads throughout.  Definitely a page turner and a tribute to the strength of the French women of that era.
Great read, as usual by this author. On the other hand, this is quite different from the many of her previous novels I have read. I highly recommend it.
This book is heartbreaking but absolutely beautiful.  The characters and story don't leave you. In fact having a difficult time picking up another book.
This is the best book I have read so far this year. Well written, moving, and follows the untold heroic acts of French women during the nazi occupation.
Great writing, compelling story.  You feel that you are there walking next to each of the characters.  One of the best books I have read in a long time.
Took my breath away....a new insight into the war... And the suffering it brought to so many innocent women of France.  Thank you..it's quite wonderful.
I have been reading novels for over 40 years. I can say honestly that this is, by far, the best book I have ever read. Maybe now I can get some sleep 😄
Beautifully written!  The feelings of each of the women....their loves and their losses were expressed in words only women can truly understand!  Bravo!
This is one of the best books I have read. One reason she is my favorite author. Every book she writes is different and very interesting. Outstanding!!!
Kristin once again offeres a read that is thought-provoking and powerful. I find myself thinking about the characters weeks after setting the book down.
A great book. It was well written, and the storyline held my interest until the very end. I hope Kristin Hannah will write more historical type novels.
Welll written and engrossing. Story line keeps you engaged and provides a real sense of witnessing the World War II experience. Would recommend to all.
Great story telling wrapped around a horror filled history....the experience of war and the resilience of the human spirit shines brightly in this book
Enjoyed this book very much. A few surprises. The story kept moving. Don't think there was a slow chapter in the book. Will read more from this author.
Interesting storytelling method - not sure until the last chapter which sister survives WWII.  Very much enjoyed the relationships between the sisters.
A real page turner. Interesting story line and great character development--thoroughly engrossed in the unbelieveable hardship of living through a war.
I loved this book.  It kept my interest from the time I started until I finished it.  I shed some big time tears towards the end, but it was cleansing!
One of the best books I've read this year.  It brings you into France pre WWII and through the war from the eyes of several members of a French family.
A very readable, very emotional historical fiction piece.  I found this book much more sophisticated than the other book I had read by the same author.
Excellent book! Well written, well researched, well constructed with depth of characters and defined scenes. One of the best books I've read this year.
An incredible look at what horrors were happening to all Jews during WWII.  I was interested in the fact that it was told by women's part in the fight.
Beautifully written story of love, relationships, sacrifices between fathers and daughters, sisters, husbands and wives, best friends during war times.
Beautiful writing, a wonderful story and outstanding characterization.  I especially loved how she captured the spirit of Paris in the end of the book.
I loved this book and highly recommend to those who are interested in WW II.  Beautifully written and you will think about it for days after finishing.
An amazing story of hardship and courage.  Probably the best book I have read this year -- 2015.  Ironically was reading it while in Germany and Paris.
Great book. Each and every page is intense.  The story is spellbinding very emotional. I couldn't put it down.  Highly recommend, it didn't disappoint.
I truly enjoyed this story. I could not put the book down. I am now planning a trip to France to learn more about the history behind he book! Loved it!
Love the writers style and the history she weaves it into a meaningful story with vivid characters.  Loved getting to know Paris and the rest of France
Kristin Hannah does it again.  This is a different setting from her other works, but she manages to convey the love between family that binds together.
My favorite genre is historical fiction and this book delivered a wonderful story set in Second World War.  Couldn't put it down  and sad when it ended
This story will grip you from the first moments. Through frightening years and bittersweet love among friends and families.  It is a beautiful journey.
An awesome read. Couldn't put it down  it had it all historical great character development and human interest. Thanks to the author for her hard work.
This book was suspenseful by developing the characters so the reader truly felt the pain. For the first time in a long time I read late into the night.
It's hard to imagine that a book about war could at times feel light and somewhat girly, but this was an easy to read tender and sweet book. Recommend.
Having recently been to France and having gone through a "Resistance Museum" while there, I felt I was right there during WWII. Fantastic book.
Wao, that was a very interesting book. I really enjoyed this book. At the end I was crying.<br/>I read a lot and I put this book on My Favorities list
Great historical fiction that grabs your attention from beginning to end.  It tells of the pain and sorrow and fear and anger of war and love and life.
Great story.  I was so engrossed in this story of the French Resistance, I couldn't read fast enough. I cried when I finished it...for several reasons!
This book was great!  Don't miss it.  Takes place during World Was II and the things they went through.  Great twist at the end.  Keeps your attention!
This book affected me profoundly. The world can be such a horrible- and such an amazing place. Thanks to the author good teaching me about these women.
There have been so many stories about WW!!, but this one resonates on a new level.  there is no way you can go away from this book before finishing it.
Loved the historical context and such a well written story. I couldn't put it down and it's definitely one of the best books I've read in quite awhile.
This story of love, loss, war,and redemption took my breath away. Truly one of the best books I have ever read. It was inspirational and sad and happy.
This book kept you interested and wanting to see what would happen next. You felt and cared for the characters . The ending was a definite year jerker.
Very disturbing and graphic of human suffering.  Left me feeling very unsettled....not enjoyable at all...
This book had me from the first paragraph to the very end of the book.  I couldn't put it down.  Fascinating and gut wrenching story.  Worth the read.
The story, rich in detail and believable lifted my spirits. The writing quality the author utilized is truly exceptional.. I will likely read it again
Very informative concerning World War II and what people when through in order to survive. Well written and I would recommend this book to my friends.
The tale of two sisters in WWII France whose lives are both changed drastically - though taking different paths - when the Nazis occupy their country.
I loved this book!  The stories intertwine and kept me highly interested.  I am now reading my 2nd book by this author, and I think she is my new fav!
It's okay. Characters did not seem to follow an arc, but had sudden changes in personality to make the story work. Still,it made me cry once or twice.
One of the few novels about WWII THAT KEPT ME READING . It seems there were just as many if not more women than men who died for what they believed in
Loved the story. Vivid characters. Beautifully told. Also learned a lot about France during WWII. Highly recommend this book for excellent discussion.
This was a wonderful glimpse into the French experiences of WW2. It was full of both heartbreak and triumph given the poverty that the war brought on.
I loved this book.  What else can I say?  It did become a little predictable towards the end , but that is the most negative thing I can say about it.
Beautifully written Holocaust story written from an usual perspective!!! Couldn't put it down!! Extremely emotional and passionate work of literature.
Great read! Goes nicely with All the light you cannot see...historically interesting and real...strong female characters with passion and perseverance
One of the best books I've read this year. Inspiring and a testimony to women who had to endure situations which were nightmarish during times of war.
I am thankful to have stumbled across this story. It is painfully poetic in its description of love, loss and war. A must read. I couldn't put it down
Loved this book!  The first book in a long time that evoked the emotional response that this did.  Great writing, great story.  I highly recommend it.
Intense  A story of survival and love. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Highly recommended  I found the history about the French and wwII survival captivating
I enjoyed immensely<br/><br/>I enjoyed the story  I was a young girl during that war and remembered the hardships the people in Europe went through.
Behind the walls of life, French women fought a secret war.  Trust, hope and enduring love and courage.  An excellent book that made me smile and cry.
This book shows Kristin Hannah at her best. Lovely story. So enthralling with the detail to history and the well thought-out characters. Awesome read.
A story of two sisters in France during the war . Each having their own path to follow and dealing with the German invasion of France . Engaging read.
Could not put this book down from the beginning. So many wonderful people. Author keeps you guessing about which sister is the narrator until the end.
I loved the book even thought it was so sad.  What an atrocity the Jewish people had to endure.  Great historical fiction and a page turner  for sure.
This excellent book is a real page turner. It is hard to put down because there is so much to this book.<br/>I highly recommend "Nighingale".
Sad but lovely, well written book. I cried for a long time thinking about the strength of women. The men get the glory but the women help save us all.
Brilliant. Strong women as main characters with a side of history that is not often told. Love and war in a realistic setting,  a winning combination.
We had this as our book for the month on our club. Everyone  was very pleased with it. Only positive reviews and a lot of tears. I would recommend it.
Best I've read in a long time . . . genuine page turner, gripping heartbreaking story.  If you like historical WWII fiction, you will love this story.
Reading another side of the tragedy of war. So good to read about the women who made not only sacrifices but major differences in the lives of others.
Well researched story that demonstrated the horror of war.  Loved the ending, it was believable and allowed the sisters to finally solve their issues.
Beautifully written. I couldn't put it down, but didn't want it end either. A gripping tale of the war from the prospective of those living in France.
The hatred and evil resulting in WWII are, unfortunately, still alive today.  These types of stories remind us of what humans can, but should not, be.
Very well written......but had to put it down a few times and digest what I'd just read.  A very powerful story about some very good and brave people!
So good.  So very, very good...  One of the best books i have ever read.  It will stay with you, long after the last page is turned.  It is that good!
Could not put it down.  Great story telling. Great writing and truly a very engulfing story. Great characters that you will grow to love and care for.
I loved everything about this book. The story was told in a way that I could see the story in my minds eye! I loved the ending & cried with happiness.
I struggled a bit at the beginning but soon the story grabbed me and wouldn't let go. It's been a long time since a book made me cry. It was worth it.
This story shook me to the bone. Writing so real it puts me there. A must read. It almost mirrors what is going on today in variou parts of the world.
I got totally caught up in the lives of Vianne and Isabelle. I learned a lot about what the war was like for the French people. Great love story, too!
A beautiful yet heartbreaking and intelligent book! I loved it . This was my first book by this author. I hope some of her others are as well written.
Painful; beautifully written; not easily forgotten and tells the story of Nazi Germany and the world's failure.  Very powerful and highly recommended.
It was a read that I couldn't put down... it was sad, heartwarming, just pulled you in... The two sisters were quite different but both so compelling.
i found this novel to be the best book i have read in the last five years..I loved it and could not put it down..<br/>great reading book for anyone..
A riveting story about deprivation, war ,loss,but so much more.  Survival at all cost, and never,never letting go of you love, a knowing who you are.
Totally enjoyed the history in book, loved the characters. Surprise ending, did not really see that coming. Encourage anyone who enjoys WW11 stories.
This is absolutely one of the very best books I have read in years!  I have recommended it to several friends and it is on my list for holiday gifts!
Beautiful, sad story. A story that encompasses the whole of France during WWII. There's love and pain in every line.  I will never forget this story.
This was one of my all time favorite books! I truly felt how it must have been like to live in a city/country being invaded by Germany and the Nazis.
This was an amazing book, and I'm so excited that it's being made into a movie, produced by Reese Witherspoon. Love reading books about strong women.
An amazing book that kept you wanting to read and not put it down. Never knowing what turn of events would happen or how it would end.  A great read.
As amazing as everything you've heard.  One of the best books I've ever read.  Well written, engaging characters, and pulls you right into the story.
I loved this book. Such an amazing story. I found it difficult to put down and go to bed. Long time since I've wept reading a book. Highly recommend.
Amazing read!  Totally different perspective on World War II that I didn't even know occurred.  Definitely emotional, and definitely worth your time!
Very interesting and heart rending story. It is well written and reminds the reader of the devastation of war and the courage of the people affected.
It was a very enjoyable book.  The incredible story unfolded and gave you a glimpse of how a war touched the lives of a family.Definitely a favorite!
Readable tale of French resistance during WW II.  Makes you realize how fortunate the US has been not to be invaded.  Would I have had their courage?
A heartbreaking story. One with history we should never forget. Beautifully written. Well constructed. A perfect ending. Read it, you won't be sorry!
It was one of her better ones. It made you think about how horrible it was during war time.<br/>I read it in 2 days n that doesn't happen very much.
Intense. Couldn't put book down. Informative re: French Resistance n occupation by Germans. Great story line that developed around historical events.
This book was incredibly good.  Great story and written very well. If you like good WWII stories, I Highly recommend, but be prepared for some tears.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It should be made into a movie!! The characters came to life through the excellent writing of Kristin Hannah.
Hesitated reading another WWII book but this one really focused on real people facing real situations that really personalized it and kept me riveted
I could not put this book down. I wept through the last 45 minutes of a very well written story. I can't wait to read more of Kristin Hannah's books.
With this book I was about to enter the lives of characters who lived through a wretched period of history.  So well written, with rich descriptions.
Excellent writing, though a novel gives a good review of history. I was surprised by the ending and I cried. Makes me want to read more of her books.
Loved this book!  It was a compelling story with strong, intense female characters.  The story was powerful and captivating.  I couldn't put it down.
I loved it from the beginning to the end, it's been really hard to start another book because for days I've been under the spell of the nightingale .
A story of honor and strength and suspense, it keeps your interest first page to last!<br/>A definite must read and great book club discussion book.
Just about my favorite World War II book of fiction. The characters were beautifully drawn and most  compelling. Loved the ending - a precious story.
This was a reminder  of what happened and what others did to secure our freedoms. Every one should read this and appreciate the price that some paid!
A very moving story and a reminder of the thousands of unsung heroes of the people who had to cope without their support systems and near starvation.
I enjoyed reading this book. I like the historical fiction aspect and the small mystery of which sister was telling the story. It did not disappoint.
Wonderfully written historical fiction. Felt like I was there.  Great character development.  I was rooting for Vianne and Isabelle the entire time..
I wish this story never ended. Such an enjoyable read. It may me appreciate the life I am allowed to live. Terrific characters. Heartbreaking ending.
Super book. Exciting. World War II was indeed sad and described accurately. The friendships were heart warming. Loved this book, hated for it to end!
Awesome book about strong women in WW2 France. I read it nonstop and then handed it off to my daughter who finished it in one long day at the beach.
A compelling book, but so sad. It amazes me that even up to today, people can be so inhumane to other humans. Have a tissue at the ready at the end.
Started slow but once it got going it was hard to put down. A horrifying glimpse of  the Nazi's invasion in France focused on the women left behind.
A page turner! Unbelieveable what happened to people during this period in history. All of the characters lives have different out comes in the end.
I loved the book! It took a little while for me to get into it but after that I couldn't put it down. All the members of my book club felt the same.
Couldn't put it down.  Loved the 'surprise' ending, although I started to think that was it about 2/3 of the way through.  Hard to tell on a Kindle!
I loved this story of a family irreparably broken by war. Strong heroic women who make difficult choices to survive in France under Nazi occupation.
Excellent book, I couldn't put it down. The history of the holocaust brought me to tears as I read. Even though I'm quite familiar with the history.
Wonderful book!  It was so compelling I couldn't finish it fast enough --another perspective of  the hardships & strenght women during WWII endured.
Oh my - while difficult to read at times, I could not stop reading this book.  The last few pages made cry.  A beautiful, moving story. A must read.
Interesting premise.  Very relatable characters & historically sound.  Provided my book club with lots of information for a lively discussion today.
Was an excellent book to learn what the women during World Two had to thru and the courage they had to do it.  Everybody should<br/>read this book.
had a hard time putting this book down.. really helps the reader understand a little of what it must have been like for so many people at that time.
This is a must-read! It is the best Kristin Hannah novel thus far. I couldn't put the book down<br/> It is well-written , enthralling and exciting.
Amazing book with characters that you really get to know, a little slow in the beginning but worth getting through it for an overall touching story.
Decent book but following my recent read of "All the Light We Cannot See" (which covered the same Nazi period in France), it was a let down.
Loved the book. Very sad but riveting. Held my interest throughout the whole book. Have recommended it to several friends even before I finished it!
The book was a great read. I've recommended the book to friends already.  I love Kristin Hannah's eloquent prose as she tells a heartbreaking story.
Really great book to read. I would recommend it to anyone because it is such a believable, touching story that I think could possibly have happened.
Spanning 2 WWs, and 3 generations, and unforgettable chracters.  This is harrowing at times, but is a closeup of France during WWII.  Worth reading!
I liked it for the writing style, and the subject matter. World War Two stories fascinate me.  I will recommend to all my book club<br/><br/>Lynne
A REAL PAGE TURNER.  I LOVED THE CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT AND THE FACT I CARED SO MUCH ABOUT ALL OF THEM EARLY ON IN THE STORY.  VERY THOUGH PROVOKING.
This is an excellent book that is a must read for anyone who needs to understand what freedom truly is. Extremely well written and hard to put down.
Excellent book. It was one of those books that is heart warming and exciting. All the struggles they went through and the secrets they had to endure
The Nightingale. Love, loss, misunderstanding, and clarity. All of this and so much more. The story both fills and breaks your heart simultaneously.
Prior to reading this new book, Winter Garden was my favorite Kristin Hannah book. Now, The Nightingale has risen to the top of the list. Wonderful!
Shows the worst and the best of humans.  The cruelty and hatred that lurks in some.  The courage and strength of others.  I hope you read this book.
I love Kristin Hannah and have read every book of hers! I do have to say this one is my favorite so far! It still haunts two weeks after reading it!
Historical fiction at it,s best. A rich page turner of sibling rivalry, courage and redemption during one of the most brutal wars in modern history.
I could not put this book down !!  Easy read and you really get caught up in the characters.  I have ordered other copies for my friends and family.
I loved this book, from the beginning it drew me in, never put it down until finished. If you enjoy historical fiction and WW2 era you will love it.
love it--could not put it down.  What the  people of France went thru during WWII to survive--but in a fascinating story of family and best friends.
This is one of the best books I have ever read.... I cried I rejoiced.... Wonderfully written its riveting hard to put down . Great story thank you.
A great book! A heart wrenching tale of love, loss and family. I was pulled in immediately and found it was hard to put down. Well done, Ms Hannah!!
Story of pure love, survival, perseverance and the absolute of goodness surrounded by total darkness. Extremely well written. We must never forget.
I couldn't put this book down. Wonderful riveting story-- the characters were beautifully crafted and this book will stick with me for a long time.
The moment I started reading, I fell in love.  It's filled with wonder, excitement but most of all survival. I learned new ways of wonder in a war.
The story of Isabelle and Vianne in the backdrop of the WWII was so beautifully and painfully unfolded before the reader.  I could not put it down!
A very moving story.  I learned a great deal about what hardships and dangers citizens in France endured in WWII and about the Resistance movement.
I LOVE KRISTEN HANNA AND TRY TO READ EVERY BOOK SHE HAS EVER WRITTEN.  IT'S BEEN AWHILE SINCE I'VE READ IT, BUT I KNOW I LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT IT.
I really enjoyed this book. Well written. Touch subject.  We are so lucky to live in this country. I liked all the characters,strong personalities.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Family connections difficult, but still connected.  Characters well-developed.  Would read another of her books now,
One of the best books I have ever read.  Thank you to Kristin Hannah for a page turner that touched my heart and increased my knowledge of history.
A wonderfully told story of the cruelty and atrocities of the human race. A must read as it seems the world has not learned from our terrible past.
The story is well written and struck a chord with me, having lived during the WWii period.  It became more exciting as I read it.  Highly recommend
This book captures you and is very difficult to put down.  This is the first book I have read written by Kristin. I look forward to reading others.
Something so heartbreaking and yet empowering about the female plight as they are left behind to fend for themselves and fight for those they love.
This well-written novel clarifies the determination, actions, and risks taken by the French Resistance. Interesting characters. Well worth reading.
Weak characters, poorly written, too long. The story was interesting but predictable.Most in our book group couldn't put it down. I had no problem.
A great book!  Everhyone should read it and I havee recommended it to many.  I always this author was a lighjtweight but this book proved me wrong.
Loved the book, especially the last chapter.  Good character development.<br/>This is quite different from all of Kristin Hannah's previous books.
The storyline is excellent - a definite page turner.  I have trouble reading about the horrors of the holocaust but got thru it and I'm glad I did.
Anger. Betrayal. Secrets. Love. War. Nazis. Hope. Heroes. Heroines. Had my attention from the very beginning. So glad I was able to read this book.
A great story about surviving the Nazi occupation of France and how two women contributed to saving the lives of Allied forces and Jewish children.
Have enjoyed Kristin Hannah's books but this one wasn't one of her best.  It was a good book and really didn't want to put it down.  Worth a read..
Just...wow.  Fantastically written and powerfully told.  A beautiful tale of the enduring power of love amid a backdrop of despair, loss, and pain.
Excellent story about the war. You could feel the pain these people  endured as well as their determination to survive during oppressive hardships.
The descriptions of the conditions under which the French had to live became repetitive but the book held my interest and had an emotional message.
I loved this book and have recommended it to everyone I know! Such memorable characters and plot. A joy to read and definitely one of my top reads.
Totally engrossing...never forget the heroism of women in history. Horrendous knife wounds of war made deeper through the pain of these characters.
It was difficult to put down yet it was hard to read just because it was so real what ordinary people lived through.  I highly recommend this book.
The character development was excellent and all of the stories and subplots worked very well. A very good read, presenting another view of the war.
I enjoyed the book, good for book club discussion. Enlightens you to the heroics of women during the war, and there part in the french underground.
Another great book my Kristin Hannah! This was a side of the war I had not heard before and she did a marvelous job with it.  All tears at the end.
I really enjoyed the nightingale from beginning to end.  World war two came alive for me.  What sadness and courage and love I found in this story.
I SIT ON MY VERANDA WITH AWE AND TEARS. SIMPLY A MUST READ.I will now buy the book for my special library  simplified due to the love of my Kindle.
Love he characters, so well written I felt their pain.  Couldn't put it down, but when I did what I had read played over and over again in my mind.
Excellent, the narrative is so precise, it's like being there.<br/>It shows courage, love and a terrible past that we all hope it'll never repeat.
I absolutely loved this book. Kristin Hannah has become one of my favorite authors. Her books are a learning experience besides being entertaining.
Wonderfully written book of a time full with atrocities and the most frightful actions of humans against fellow humans. I cried towards the end....
There is not a single book of Kristin Hannah's I have read that wasn't wonderful. She writes with her soul and I feel it in my heart....Very happy reader..Thanks
This is such a poignant and beautiful story. Not without tremendous sadness, violence and ugliness, but ultimately triumphant. Like life. Just Wow!
I couldn't put this down. The characters are really well developed and multifaceted. And despite the horrors described, the book is not depressing.
More like 4.5 stars. Descriptions of wartime abuse may be difficult to read for some but Ms Hannah has researched this topic well. Highly recommend
Amazing book- I loved everything about it, and would have kept reading this story for many more pages. That is truly the hallmark of a great story.
One of the best books I have read in the last few years.  Great plot and well written.  You will have trouble putting it down once you get into it.
This is one of the finest for Kristin Hannah! Great research on her part of the settings in the story!  Cried a river of tears! I've read it twice.
I couldn't put this book down. The characters were well developed and the story was well written. I will definitely read more books by this author.
I really enjoyed this book.  The characters really drew me into imaging the horrors of World War II in occupied France.  A well written good story.
The things mothers do ,they mother automatically the motherless. In times of crisis,they step up to the plate, because they are everyone's mother.,
A page turner that keeps you wondering who is going back to Paris after all these years. For those who love the WWII time era reads this is a must!
Great book it made me cry, but still a great. It's about two sisters in World War II, mostly we hear about men this is the other side of the story.
This was one of the best books that I have read.  It is one of those stories where you dread reaching the end and having to move on to another book
It was an excellent book.  I learned a lot about the lives of the French people during the German occupation in World War I. I highly recommend it.
K. Hannah is one of my favorite authors and this book tops the list for her.  It was so good and hard to put down.  Hope she has another book soon.
Shows the courage and perseverance and sacrifice that citizens dedicated to freedom and democracy take during times of war. This is a page turner.
Wonderful book. Lest we never forget what war is all about and the collateral damage that occurs and what people survive. A very compelling story.
This is a touching account of a time, so recent yet unknown to the modern generation. A must read for all who enjoy a fusion of fact and fiction
Loved this story of two French sisters during WWII. One of my favorite reads this year. It's a history lesson, story of love, family ties and war.
The story enveloped a tragic era described with sensitivity to all characters.  Grabs your attention from the first chapter to the last paragraph.
Loved this book! Great story about Nazi France and the power of family. Couldn't put it down. Definitely suggest to any historical fiction lovers.
World War II in France - strong women characters and a good narrative on how people survived under the Nazi regime. Good book with a great ending.
Beautiful story and heartbreaking as well. You will be captivated as it puts you in that period of time where do many lives were lost or changed .
There isn't anything I can say to describe how I feel right now. I just finished the book and is one of the greatest books I've ever read. Period.
This book is interesting, informative, emotional, suspenseful, and well written. I cared a lot about what happened to the characters.  I loved it!
I started to read this book only because of it being selected for me by my two book clubs. I am so glad I did! It is one of my favorite reads now.
Read like a true story - an undoubtedly compiled many persons into a few for this novel.  Kept me turning pages while holding my breath in places.
Hard to put down.  An excellent story revealing the struggles and victories of French women during Nazi occupation.  Made distant story very real.
Very moving.  They way she writes you really get connected with the people.  Love her writing.  Have never read a back book.  Have loved them all.
Thoroughly captivating book. You watch the sister grow in their relationship to each other as well as their determination to fight a common enemy.
I loved it!  A page-turner while seeing life from different angles on how it was to live through the most horrific and deadly war in our lifetime.
This is a riveting tale of two sisters, wwii Paris, and life under Nazi rule. It is not an easy story but well worth reading. I won't forget them.
Captivating and beautiful, love the sisters and the entire pre-post WWII trajectory covered. An indulgent read. Lovers of love and war will enjoy.
I loved this book.  I read "All the light we cannot see" and enjoyed reading about similar situations from different writers perspectives.
Beautifully written.  I have recommended this book to so many people.  The story is so well told and the depiction of an era is very<br/>precise.
I have read many WWII books. This is among the best I have read. it is well written and keeps the reader interested. I highly recommend this book.
I could not put this story down!  I knew there were horrible atrocities during WW2 , it is hard to believe how cruel humans can be to one another.
One of the best books that I have read in a very long time.... I couldn't put it down, but when I came to the end, I was sorry that it was over...
A wonderful insight to historical fact about the French Resistance and the horrible conditions people endured during WWII and the Nazi occupation.
I thought I had read enough books about WWII but thoroughly enjoyed this. Powerful story about two sisters survival under unbelievable conditions.
Very good novel although at times it is a hard subject matter to read.  Would recommend this to others especially if they like historical fiction.
very well written and very moving. Rich characters and a real eye opener for someone not familiar with the German occupation of France during WWII
Ot is a great story, great book! Couldn't  put it down. I didnt ent ti finish it quick..but you just cany seem to put down. It made me tear up....
It was a riveting story!<br/>I couldn't put it down. I felt I was living right along the<br/>with the characters.. Sad, happy and so emotional..
I would recommend this book to anyone. The descriptions made you feel like you were there with the characters. I want to read more by this author!
Great book that kept me interested the entire read. I learned quite a bit about the Effect of the war on the people of France. it was eye opening.
I hated reading some parts...so....descriptive...More than necessary.<br/><br/>Very few "surprises".....Over all....an intresting story.
Anytime I cannot put a book down its a good one! From the first chapter I was hooked! Thought it was very well written - very sad at times though.
The ending was confusing. After reading and living the gruesomness of the war the reader needed to be treated to an endiing that wrspped things up
The NIghtingale is the the story of two sisters during the Nazi occupation of the Vichy Govt. It is oft times painful and sad but also beautiful .
First novel in a long time that I was sorry to see end. It gave me a "bird's eyeview" of the war and its tidal wave affect through Europe.
One of the BEST authors!  This book will blow you away on a constant basis - when you think something else cant possibly happen - it does!  Bravo!
This book kept me totally engrossed page by page. Very good story teller. Believe able characters and storyline. Ordered more of her books already
The best historical fiction book I've ever read. I fell in love with the characters and their complexity and strenth. Will probably read it again.
The best book I've read in a year. Historical fiction at its best. Gripping story of family life in France during the Nazi occupation during WWII.
I loved this book! The characters in this book were so real, I felt like I knew them. I hated for it to come to an end. Kristen has done it again.
I literally could not put this book down. Loved the story and learned so much about WWII. Well written! Have read some of her other books as well.
I loved it.  It was one of those special books that you can't put down.  Almost every time I thought I knew what was going to happen, I was wrong!
This book touched my heart and soul.  As much as I wanted to know the outcome, I did not want it to end.  By far, my favorite Kristin Hannah book.
Couldn't put it down.  Well developed characters, great story, loved every moment of it!  Can't wait to pick another Kristin Hannah novel to read.
Deep, sensitive detail and real people that will stay with you always. A history we must keep and continue to pass on to honor those who lived it.
Amazing touching story, written from the perspective of the French during World War II. Beautifully written, could not put down. Highly recommend.
What a tremendous book.  It makes you realize how war can effect ordinary people and how there is more to someone that is visible at first glance.
A remarkable book. This is what writing and reading is all about. In the same league with Anthony Doerr's  " All The Light We Cannot See."
I absolutely love Kristin Hannah. Her writing transports you to the story and you live it deeply. I loved this book and would recommend it highly.
One of my favorite authors, and she didn't disappoint with this one!  An excellent story, and very intense at times.  Would highly recommend this!
I love historical fiction ... Perfect for the reader that desires actual facts with a narrative .... Hard to stop reading...stays on my mind .....
without a doubt the best book I have read this year----It should be in the school library--Todays young people do not have any idea what happened!
KRISTEN HANNAH never disappoints.  This is an exceptional novel compassionately written.  A wonderful insight to the women of this horrendous war.
Outstanding story. Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors but this book is her best. Five stars are not enough this book is definitely a 10!
This is an engaging story about life was in France during WW2.  The characters were engaging.  I could not put it down.  I highly recommend it.!7
Heartbreaking stories but beautifully written. Kept me coming back for more to see how the story would end.<br/>Such a personal viewpoint of WWI
One of my new favorite books. The story has so many levels of depth. Loved this.  I cried, I was touched. It draws you in and doesn't let you go.
The characters are realistic and give a different perspective to the Holocaust and the relationship between the Germans and the people of France.
One of the best books that I have read recently and thoroughly enjoyed.  This book was an huge insight into the WWll German occupation of France.
This is a good summertime read. A bit of history of the French Resistance, a bit of women's empowerment and a tiny bit of a love story thrown in.
Excellent ! I rarely give 5 stars, but this book earned every one of them ! I recommend this book highly. It is one of the few I will read again.
Hard read because of the topic but a great book.  I highly recommend this book. I like her writing so much that I bought her book Distant Shores.
This book was an exceptionally good read.  I was a bit hesitant about the book in the beginning, but then it takes off and you can't put it down.
Couldn't put it down. Quite a different perspective on WWII...from the French. Got very emotionally involved with the characters. Very good read.
This was a great story! A different perspective on heroism and other such topic with every page turn, and complex characters. Highly recommend!!!
One of the best World War Two stories I have read. Grippingly evocative. Beautifully written. Harrowing at times, but tender and gentle at other.
The book describes what life was like on the Homefront while the men were away. The women were brave and heroic. The story takes place in France.
Well-written and constantly engaging . I<br/>would recommend it to anyone. I felt deeply involved with the characters. I did not want it to end.
Best book I've read in awhile.  Thoroughly enjoyed the story lines, historical and sisterly bond.  Showing the many facets of strong female leads
Great book! I loved the two storylines, the author did a great job bringing the characters to life.  An awesome story about love, war and family.
I haven't  read a book as compelling as The Nightingale in years. It was hard to put down and I found myself crying towards the end. A must read!
Just couldn't put this novel down.  I cried so hard at the end of the book, I won't up the next morning with swollen eyes.  Well worth the tears.
I thought this was a wonderful book. One of the best reads of the year. A book not to miss. The ending was so emotional for me. I really loved it
Real enough to allow the imagination to fill out the tapestry of relationships, courage and loss.  A page Turner that gets better with each turn.
Great story as usual for Kristin Hannah. Very sad and depressing at times.<br/>Very realistic almost seemed like non fiction instead of fiction.
Well developed and sympathetic characters. Very suspenseful  Poignant story well told of heroism under terrible circumstances of occupied France.
You don't often hear stories about female war hero's, so I find it both refreshing and impressive to learn these stories.  This was a great book.
Really great book.  Of course, depressing since it took place during the World War II era and all that tragedies that went on.  Very well written
I loved this book! I have read a few Kristin Hannah books but this was the best. I love that you weren't sure who the narrator was until the end!
This book drew me in from the beginning and I could hardly put it down!  This is the first book I've read by this author but it won't be my last.
I have to say one of the best book I have ever read.  Kristin Hannah wrote this story of a heinous war through the eyes of women.  Very powerful.
Great book! I enjoyed it very much and have recommended it to others.  I have not read this author before, but I will look for more of her books.
This story of the German occupation of France during WWII was impossible to put down.  The tempo of the story as told by two sisters was perfect.
The story was gripping.  Characters were believable and their actions were honest. Ending was satisfying.  What else do you need for a good book?
Great story set in WWII France.  Great character development and story.  Nothing about the story was predictable.  Best book I've read this year.  Have a box of tissues handy.
This book was very intense. It only took me a day and a half to finish. I could not put it down. Well written, will read more books by the author
One of her best books - it was so deep, thoughtful and heart wrenching. Reminded me of her style in Firefly Lane. I was sad to finish reading it.
A very sad but truly wonderful story of incredible bravery during the horrifying brutality of war.  Love can keep us alive. And redeem the past!!
One of her best books! Historical fiction so I learned a lot. Really loved the characters. A must read book. It will make you proud to be a woman
I loved this book. I was there in France, part of the resistance. It's as good as The Citidal by Kate Mosse.  Both are excellently written books.
I  loved this book. I can't remember when last I read through the night not being able to put a book down. It is a gripping read but so very sad.
Great book.  Keeps you interested from the first page.  Brought tears and enlightenment about the French when they were occupied by the Germans.
Couldn't put it down! This novel pulled every heart sting in my body. Felt like I was right there with the characters. Now on my favorites list!
This book was gripping from beginning to end.  A horrible picture into the lives of the "ordinary" people out of the light of the documentaries.
Hannah puts the reader in place with descriptions that leave her with the colors, the smells, the noises or the hush that she will never forget.
A heartbreaking and wonderful story you will never forget.<br/>An inspiring and well written story with characters that you will learn to love.
I am so thankful that this book was chosen for our book club. The writing is beautiful,the story heartbreaking. It is a must read in my opinion.
It has been a long time since I have picked up a book and wasn't able to put it down until I finished.  The characters and settings were so real
So incredibly moving! I feel like for the first time I have an understanding of war as experienced through a woman's eyes. Thank you Ms. Hannah.
I thought this was a great book, I read it for a book club.  I was disappointed to find out it was not very accurate culturally or historically.
How two sisters dealt with the war in France. What each of them did to survive and to make a difference. A love story as well. A very good read!
Unbelievable story, writing & dialogue. Perhaps my most favorite book I have ever read. I recommend Nightingale to everyone, both young and old.
Such a beautiful and moving story! I hated to finish it because I had to say goodbye to two of the most memorable heroines, Isabelle and Vianne.
This is a wonderful story about WWII and how it effects two very different sisters!!!!!!  No one will want to put it down from beginning to end!
A great read. Both my daughter and I stayed up all night reading --- and the consequences were worth it.  I've been recommending it to everyone.
Wonderfully written, powerful story of courage and love. Highly recommended to readers who enjoy stories of perseverance<br/>Great book to read
I loved this book thought the story was well planned and it brought me up to date about how badly the French citizens were treated by their own!
Well written and moving, I would highly recommend for a book club. I couldn't put the book down.  One of the best books I have read in a awhile.
This book illicit so many emotions.  I'm sitting in a Starbucks finishing this book and I'm in tears.  Please read this book.  It's exceptional!
Superb book - very well written - really touched my emotions.  Definitely a book to recommend.  Will be reading more books by this great author.
Really enjoyed the book. It was recommended by friends and they were spot on about the story bring very compelling. I recommended it to friends.
Riveting story....couldn't put it down.  Not my favorite writing style, which is why I gave it a 4 and a half stars....but a book you must read!
This was a wonderful, beautifully written novel. Makes me so thankful for what I have. Heartbreaking and inspiring both. Would highly recommend.
Excellent book but very sad. Sometimes I had to read past sections fast cause it was so hard to read! It made me feel so bad for the characters!
A moving story of life in France during the German occupation during World War II. I couldn't put it down and I couldn't stop thinking about it.
While not always historically accurate. It's a well written book where you really feel that you got to know the characters... It stays with you.
at first, i wasn't to sure this book would be as captivating as it became about 3-4 chapters in.  touching, emotional, and impossible to forget.
I love WWII and this book gave me an insight into the lives of the French during the occupation that I have never had previously. Fabulous book.
Well drawn characters and a compelling story. I stayed up way too late with this book!  Kristen Hannah does a great job with historical fiction.
Excellent well written book. Excellent story about World War Two and the horrible conditions in France. Loved this book, didn't want it to end!!
I just finished this book.  Can't stop crying. It's like my eyes are just leaking. What a beautiful and completely gutwrenchingly painful story.
The characters are brought to life and through their Story's ,you can envision. What it must have been like and  imagine the horrors of the war.
Loved it. Moving and touching. The sitters and their stories will haunt you. I have read a number of WWII books but this one brought me to tears
It was very interesting, and am sure it was true to things that really happened.  Could hardly stop reading.  I thought it was a wonderful book!
Gripping storyline and very well written. I found it a bit repetitive, esp. descriptions of hardship and endurance. Less would have been enough.
The best book I have read in a long time!  At times it was hard to read about all the atrocities that happened in our world and not so long ago.
A wonderfully written history of the lives of civilians during the horrors of war.  All politicians should read it before agreeing to go to war.
Love this book.  Well writen beautiful and difficult story.  We can never forget what happened and the brave people who sacrificed to save many.
I really enjoyed the story although I did feel that it seemed a little superficial.  More of the historical background could have been explored.
Excellent book! I love reading kristen Hannah books and this one was great. I recommend this to everyone. Could not put it down. Michelle yeager
I couldn't put this book down! A must read! To think what they lived through...suspense, love, fear, triumph --during a dark moment in history.
I could not possibly do a review justice.  You just have to sit back, absorb and transport yourself back 75 years ago.  I love, love, loved it.
book should be required reading for high school students.  Ordinary people doing extraordinary acts of  right to bring sanity back to the world
A beautifully written, tragically sad story of a family that endured the Holocaust. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in this period.
The author is incredible at capturing the complexity of life and emotions during wartime. This novel was a great read that I couldn't put down.
The author captivated you from the very beginning until the very end. It was hard to put down. I can't say that for many of the books. Loved it
I will definitely remember this story for many years to come. It has made quite an impression on me. It should be on everyone's must read list.
I really enjoyed this story of two sisters who take different roads when calamity hits them (predominantly WWII) but whose love still survives.
Great book!  Concise plot that keeps your attention.  I have read several books about this time line (WW  II) and this is one of the best ones!
I loved the two story lines of these heroic sisters. The attention to detail puts you in the story immediately. Loved loved loved this book!!!!
This was a very engaging read with multi-faceted characters.  I was sort of sad to see it end.  I also love the time period--WW2 in France.  :)
It was an unexpected, extremely beautiful journey! The healing is not in the forgetting but in the remembering. I could not put this book down.
A remarkable book which explores the reality of war, loss, grief,love and resilience over horror through flawless emotional prose.<br/><br/>O
But 19 words are necessary. Be prepared for an emotional and gripping story.  Extraordinary, powerful and poignant.  My heart is still reeling.
This is a very well written novel at the time of WW2 where the Nazis infiltrated France, featuring a small village and one family's experience.
Excellent, must read!  Had to take a break every now and then, as it was hard to read in some places due to the cruelty of the German soldiers.
Kristin Hannah takes an unimaginable event in history and writes beautifully about it. War from a woman's perspective. Loved reading this book.
One of the best books I have ever read!!  I loved getting to know these two strong women and their struggles to survive.  This is a must read!!
Such an amazing book, really made me feel as if I was living in occupied France during WW2.<br/>Love book that has strong female protagonists!
A story doesn't get much better than this one.  The author did a lot of research on her story, and it shows.  I could hardly put the book down!
I cared about the characters a lot! I learned so much about WW II in France. It's long, but I wanted to keep reading to find out what happened.
Well written and close to historical facts about France during Nazi occupation. The characters and their relationships make history come alive.
I found the book to be very moving.  It showed the war in France from a different viewpoint.  The writing was excellent--the story very tragic.
This is an amazing book giving context through the eyes of women to the French occupation during WWII . Should be required high school reading.
Engaging novel set in France during world war II. Multi-dimensional characters, captivating narrative, beautifully written. Highly recommended!
This is a "must read" for all who are interested in the high price of war- what it takes away and how family love redeems us in the wake of it.
A heart-rending story of suffering,endurance and prevailing love in the most cruel  circumstances. Engaging from start to finish--true to life.
It was so compelling. My heart and mind were completely immersed in this story. It was inspirational. I'm anxious to read another of her books.
This is a beautifully written novel that enlightens, provokes introspection, inspires, and then haunts you just a little after you put it down.
Fascinating story of love and loss in wartime Europe.  A story which recognizes and highlights the triumph of the spirit and the power of love.
Beautiful story about struggle, hope and love in an unimaginable time. I literally couldn't put it down and cried at least five separate times.
The words on the page painted such a picture for me that I felt like I was there, in Paris, during WWII.  This is a profoundly  powerful story.
The story of the family and how each of them handled the war made for a compelling read. The unfolding of each event made me think I was there!
I thought it was a wonderful book.  Gave me insight on how the people in Paris lived under German occupation.<br/><br/>Giovanna Prestigiacomo
A Beautifully written, visually descriptive, as well as a haunting historical saga. Definitely recommended to all who desire an excellent read.
This book kept your interest from the beginning. It was a heartwarming story that told a great story of a very bad time in our world's history.
This is an excellent book.  It begins with very peaceful, pastoral scenes and grows into a very moving historical account.  Highly recommended.
Riveting. This book creates a roller coaster of emotions and some of them are not pleasant, but when you have finished you are glad you read it.
Fairly predictable, not a typical style for Hannah but a decent read.  Very long in some places.  Kept me reading but wasn't rapt by any means.
Excellent story. Loved the characters. Very well written. Once again Kristen Hannah has written a great book. Would highly recommend this read.
Such a well written book. I was crying by the time I was finished. It is one of those rare stories that will stay in my memory for a long time.
As a reader of Christian faith this story was heart wrenching on the atrocities of the nazis. This should be required reading for all religions
Very well written, very emotional.  A glimps into what people endured during WWII. Amazing how strong the human race can be when we are pushed.
Enjoyed!  Very engaging writer. Learned a lot of what struggles those living in WWII France faced and the affects the war had on relationships.
Heroic characters I love.<br/>I highly recommend this book.  Beautifully written. Full of adventure and love. Heartbreaking but so triumphant.
This story was an easy, entertaining read. I am not sure how historically accurate it is but it is a reminder of how horrible WW2 was for many.
A powerful story of family dynamics as well as the struggles of the people in WW2 occupied France and the resistance . I could not put it down!
amazing and emotional book.  I always enjoy Kristin Hannah books, but this one was her best ever.  Should provide good discussion at book clubs
I can not begin to tell you how inspiring the story is and how worth it is to read about the women during World War II. So incredibly worth it.
A thrilling yet incredible indictment on Nazi atrocities. Nice to have a women heroine. Superb book. If you read if plan o not putting it down.
Very good book about sisterly love. Seems lots of books now are set in France during WWII. This one has a little different twist. I enjoyed it.
This book was so good.  It had all of the interesting elements I look for, brave heroines and heroes, romance, historical setting and intrigue.
This was a book that I wanted to find out the ending to but didn't want to end. Kristin Hannah you wrote a great read and then some. Thank you.
Received this CD audio for review. I can only say that this book will leave you thinking about the past and what all happened with the women of WWII. This historical novel is something different from Kristin Hannah, I've read other books by her but this book takes a real event told from a very different perspective. The two sisters in this story both have different points of view and roles they play in WWII and helping the French with the cause, mainly helping Ally service men escape past the German Army. The story is so much more than that though, you will feel the pain of each character and become close to them. The suffering and anguish along with the happier times. It puts a whole new twist on "War is hell." I am so glad I was able to listen to this novel, well done.
The most amazing story and struggle and love.... What would you do for your family, how strong are you to survive such cruelties ... I love it
Excellent page turner with an ending that left me guessing what would happen until the end. I felt like I was right there with the characters.
You enter this story the moment you start reading. The characters are so vivid and the plot so riveting that you can barely put the book down.
This book totally mesmerized me - so brutal, tragic & beautiful - I am grateful to know the story of such amazingly brave & courageous people.
wonderful read!  totally addicted to this book, about half way through especially.  a little emotional.  didn't want the story to end so soon.
Very well written and even though it's written as fiction I have heard stories from WW2 veterans that served in Europe that this book mirrors.
I can't  find appropriate words to describe this historical look at Hitler Nazi's, death, devastation, Parisians will to survive. Captivating.
Wonderful read with real history but so descriptive of a real family, how much they suffered but also how in the end their love reunited them.
I learned more about World War II in France than any history book ever could teach me.  The place of women in this war is engraved I my heart.
Well written<br/>Intriguing characters<br/>On the edge of one's seat throughout<br/>Want to read more by this author<br/>Great storyteller
This story captured my attention and my heart from beginning to end. I can't remember a story making me cry so much both from sadness and joy.
Love historical fiction.  This story gave a vivid insight into the atrocities of the horrendous war and how it affected the lives of millions.
Very moving description of wartime France and the cruelties that the Nazis inflicted on a hapless population. Nazis were the ISIS of that era.
A truly captivating and heroic tale that will leave you heartbroken but transfixed. A side of World War II that most are unaware. A must-read!
Writing is superb. Details and description puts you right in the middle of Nazi occupied France and what people were feeling and dealing with.
Truly loved this book.  The characters are well thought out, the story line very real, the pace was steady but suspenseful.  Highly recommend.
An interesting story well told.<br/>Concerns a fictional girl in a true setting.<br/>France during World War II.<br/> A fast and good read.
Great read; Kristin Hannah did a great job writing this interesting book; I couldn't stop reading very long before returning back to the book.
The writing is beautiful, the plot engaging and the characters sincere. The love sisters share is unbreakable. I loved each page of this book.
This is a wonderful book and story all the way through. The struggles of two sisters in occupied France is engrossing, inspiring and touching.
I can't begin to say all the reasons I loved this book. It was superb!  Such a heartbreaking and yet wonderful story of such courageous people.
Would make an excellent movie telling the story of human endurance. The French occupation is a part of history that is not often written about
At first I didn't think I would like it. But after I got pass the scene setting,I couldn't set the book down. Will look for more of her books.
Gripping tale of love and loss in occupied France during WWII.  A moving portrayal of the French resistance and the role of women left behind.
Definitely a must read that touches your heart and keeps you wondering what's going to happen until the very end.  Would definitely recommend!
A very intriguing and poignant story. I couldn't put the kindle down!  Although very sad, I loved the characters because they played out well.
I need to read more of this author...she is excellent, this is the BEST novel I've read in years,  I truly enjoy historically accurate novels.
This beautifully written story of two young sisters in France during WW2 describes there courage and resilience as they face impossible times.
This book is our reminder to never forget the past. It is the incredible story of survival against all odds. This is a must read for everyone.
I found myself crying at the end because of the way the story ended and because I had become so in-touch with the characters. Beautiful story.
It is hard to imagine what people went through during these times. This was written very well and I became engulfed in what would happen next.
I cried:  Never did I imagine the pain level of an occupied country during WW 2. And as I cried I remembered how love ruled and rules today...
I needed a good book to relax on vacation and this did the trick! I love Kristin Hannah's writing style and will be reading more of her books.
A novel focused on heroic women and their sacrifices in occupied France during WWII. A gripping and thought-provoking read-have Kleenex ready.
A mesmerizing story. Highly recommend this book. Not just another war novel. Truly insightful and so personally written. Couldn't put it down.
Loved this book could not put it down!! We are all aware of the horrors of World War 2 but this really brought to life what everyone suffered.
I really enjoyed this book. I read it on a trip to Germany and it helped me to connect to the history of the country, beyond beer and dirndls!
Kristin Hannah brings the tragedy of war to reality. The pain and loss must have needed unbearable and yet we find strength in the characters.
Excellent and suspenseful story of the French Occupation during WWII.  A  story you won't and shouldn't forget.  I couldn't put the book down.
I cannot say enough about this book !  I  haven't cried at a book like I did with this one in a long time. This book will make a great movie !
Beautiful, powerful story. A triumphant look at love, family, heroism. Left me in tears. Hope they follow through with making it into a movie!
Very intense WW2, set in France. Strong female heroines. This is the best Kristin Hannah book so far. Five stars with extra exclamation marks.
There are so many words written about the Resistance;there are none more powerful and emotionally evocative than those written here by Hannah.
Excellent story! Well written. Moving. Gripping. I couldn't put this book down - read it from start to finish in a day. I highly recommend it.
I relish stories about WWI and WW2.  The is a very poignant story, well written, full of facts about the war and it has you by the first page!
I wasn't expecting the extremely serious subject matter, but it was hard to put down.  An interesting family story with many twists and turns.
I loved this book. Very brutal,however the story reminds me that life can go on. Redemption and love are always possible when one has strength
Wonderful read. Even more insight as to how many suffered. Especially Jewish but also so many not Jewish.great historical novel. Sad but true.
Couldn't put the book down and didn't want the story to end.<br/>It was a very emotional and beautiful ending.<br/>This was the authors best
I found this book very powerful; characters true and strong; story gripping. i could not put it down.I love her writing but this was the best.
Don't waste your money, it's poorly written, the characters dialogue<br/>sucks, I couldn't finish.
Beautifully written, amazing characters, heartbreaking story. What an incredible book. Thank you for sharing the tale of these unsung heroes.
A page turner, the characters draw you into their life experiences and make you feel the raw emotions of living in an enemy occupied country.
Everyone should read this book if for no other reason than we must never forget the holocaust and those who gave their lives for our freedom.
Kristen Hannah is one of my favorite authors & this book exceeded my expectations. Very different genre, but Wow-what a book. Keep em coming!
I enjoyed the story but it was very over priced.  I thought a hard copy would cost that much.  I'll think twice before ordering another book.
A profoundly moving, distressing tale from the point of view of two very different, but strong female characters caught in the misery of war.
This book should be required reading.  It portrays an era that shoud never be forgotten over time. The brutality and heroism was astonishing.
It's story like this that remind that love does conquer all, despite the fact that we continue to make the same mistakes over and over again.
The Nightingale was one of the best books I've read in a long time, I stayed up a few nights to finish it, just absolutely love every page.😀
Enjoyed this book very much.  I couldn't wait to turn the page to see what happens next.  The characters were all believable and interesting.
An amazing story of two sisters and how WW2 affected not only them, but the female population, of France. Such a good read. Strong recommend.
Gives one a clear understanding of the awful way the Jewish people were treated by the Germans and Poles in WW11 in a heartwarming love story
A story of love, heroism, human suffering and depravity. It reminds us that one must take action in whatever way they can to correct a wrong.
Beautifully written. Such sadness but a beautiful,story of survival.<br/>I couldn't put it down.  I will remember this book for a long time.
A very nice surprise since it was recommended by you based on my past reading. Very moving and emotional.  Love the strong female characters!
Starts a little slow but wow, by the time you are halfway through it's a page-turner. Well thought out story, suspenseful. Very much enjoyed.
Having read scores of novels about WWII, The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah will be long remembered as one of my very favorites.  Very moving.
Very well written and poignant.  I have not stopped thinking of the characters since I ended the book.  Such a horrible time to have endured.
Fabulous book!!! Be prepared to read late into the night. I Could not put it down. One of the best books I have read. Highest recommendation.
There are many books about the Nazi years but this one is superior. Two strong sisters experience the horrific time in totally opposite ways.
Fascinating to learn about what it was like to live as an "ordinary" citizen in occupied France and the various ways people resisted.
I absolutely loved this book; looked forward to reading it any chance I got.  Interesting, engaging, thoughtful, exciting historical fiction.
This is a wonderful, sensative novel.  It is well worth reading!!  It tells us more about a period in time that we don't think about anymore.
A poignant story of love and loss during World War II. My heart aches for the families forever changed and it reminds us to love one another.
I think the story is riveting.  Anyone who is interested in  France during the 2nd WW will find it intriguing.  I couldn't put the book down.
Her writing was up there with Kate Morton, Daniel Silva, and Linda Fairstein.  Kristin, you did a fabulous job on the Nightingale, top notch!
Really gripping. Wonderfully rounded and appealing characters, but sometimes a little too much redemption,  kinda like a Hollywood war movie.
The author is a terrific storyteller. The characters jumped from the pages. The ending was somewhat a surprise. Which of the sisters survived
Great novel, touching story of sisters during World War ll, their sometimes difficult relationship, but their continued love for each other .
Totally engrossing story, one that you new probably happened during this time period. Very good I've told all my reading buddies to read it !
So heartfelt and beautiful. A perfect story of survival and hope. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a fast paced, great read.
Best book I have read in years. Thoughtful, painful and wise. Very well written. A must read. It broke my heart and then made it whole again.
Excellent book . Very well written and descriptive I felt like I was there. I could imagine what they were going through. Surprize ending too
This book is, in a word, stunning. A well-written, engaging tale that is almost impossible to put down. Be SURE to add this one to your list!
I love Kristen Hannah's novels and this one did not disappoint.  Great character development and well researched history.  Thanks Ms Hannah!!
Personal story of 2 very different sisters trying to survive during WWII· Well developed . Wonderfully written . Defines the meaning of love.
It is amazing what stories can be told in the context of history.  Rich character development and wonderful historical fiction.  Loved it!!!!
A wonderful well told story; rich in characters, heroism, drama, love, life and history. Thank you Ms. Hannah you have written a masterpiece.
This is a wonderful book, I couldn't put it down.  Very interesting and easy to read.  The history of WWII, though sad, was very interesting.
Easy to read.  Enjoyed the characters.  Heart-wrenching, eye opening  story (but not depressing)of the effects on France during  World War II
Kristin Hannah made me feel like I was actually living in Occupied France.  This was a beautifully written book and a history lesson as well.
Beautiful, brutal, graphic, deeply touching, engaging historical novel.<br/>The senseless tragedy of war, courage and love, all represented.
Very great book. A lot of historical information about life in France under the Germans. A must read. Keep your Kleenex handy toward the end.
A real page turner! It was gut wrenching, nerve wracking, and heart breaking. I cried buckets through the ending! I loved every minute of it!
Really Wonderful historical novel<br/>WWII France, French Resistance... Brought to life!<br/>  I would read it again-- don't miss this one.
This is a wonderfully well written work of fiction. It is extremely well written and extremely interesting. I look forward to your next book.
One of the best books I have read in a long time. It will stay with me for a long time. The message I took from the book, love trumps hatred.
She is one of my favorite writers. I thoroughly enjoyed the book and plan to keep it along with other novels I have that were written by her.
This was an excellent read.  Great historical content with a beautiful story within.  I highly recommend it to anyone who likes WWII stories.
This is the book for you, set in Paris and outlying villages occupied by the SS inflicting pain with cruelty. Two young sisters are heroines.
What a fantastic book.  It takes you through the gamut of emotions and the characters come alive.  Would definitely recommend it to everyone.
As usual, I thoroughly enjoyed this Kristin Hannah book! Thoughtfully written, intriguing plot, and relatable characters. Highly recommended!
My heart hasn't stopped beating and the tears are still flowing.  A great story with strong female characters.  One of the best books read!!!
Loved the story and the way it was told. It drew me in at multiple levels and made the characters come to life. It would make a great movie.
This haunting book gives us an evidently necessary reminder about the lists that some people (Trump!) think are merely "management."
This is one of the best historical novels I've read in a long time. It is unique in that it's from the French perspective. It was wonderful.
I am crying finishing this book....there are not too many books that make you cry, hurt, love, all at once. Beautiful and heart breaking ...
Remarkably well written.  So vivid were the characters and settings portrayed that it becomes a movie in your head.  A very satisfying read.
Kept you reading, made you think about how much we owe so many people whose names and stories we will never know.  Would highly recommend it
Enjoyed the time period, characters, writing and content. Not a difficult read, but it kept my interest and I cared about these individuals.
What a gifted writer Kristen Hannah is! Having read "Night Road", I knew this novel would be a winner! The story will stay with you!
Felt like I was reading a book written for young adults, simplistic .<br/>Makes use of stereotypes instead of really developing characters.
This was highly recommended and I read it immediately. I enjoyed every word even as I cringed, feared or cried. This is my book of the year.
A great story of war, love and family relationships.  This book also passes the tear jerker test by making you cry for both joy and sadness.
Too long, too graphic, details not accurate for time and place.  I dldn't finish it even though it was good in parts and highly recommended.
A must read. I will read more by this author. Because of the home book I have a greater desire to learn about history especially world war 2
Absolutely close to the top of my favorite list of books I have read.  Just started Mystic Lake and already know I will like this book also.
I, like others, am writing this through my tears.  What a moving story.  Touching, tragic, inspiring.  A great story of how families endure.
Best  book I have read  in a long  time.  Character development  was excellent. Couldn't  wait to get back to the book. Hated to see it end.
Came highly recommended to me and I wasn't disappointed.  Intense book that I am still thinking about even after having finished a week ago.
Loved it. Recommended it to several friends. The courage and struggle's of these two sister's make an excellent read. Could not put it down.
I just can't even put into words how much I loved this book. So well written and lots of good information. I really had no idea what it was even about when I bought it. I’m a huge Kristi Hannah fan so I have to own everything she writes. Yes I think I have almost all of her books! She must have had to do so much research for this book and it just makes the book that much better. Do yourself a favor and BUY IT!!!
What a fantastic book!!  I felt and could imagine each character throughout this book.  Their pains, their joys, their fear and their love!!
Hope it becomes a movie!  I could not stop reading it!  I most likely lost sleep, until it was finished because I could not stop reading it.
a very good book! A reminder of how bad war is.Graphic descriptions of two sisters part in trying to help their country against the Germans.
Could not put this book down. I loved it, it's the best book I have read in a long time and I have never given a review. Highly recommended!
Absolutely amazing story, unpredictable plot. Great way to learn about the daily lives during the cruel war. Highly recommended to everyone.
A ten star rating.....incredible story of survival and love!!! A heartbreaking adventure encompassed with strength and bravery. A must read.
Kristin Hannah did a superb job writing this amazing story of Nazi Germany. She is also a prolific writer and I will read more of her books.
Couldn't put the book down. The story was told eloquently, and with such vivid description I felt as if I was part of the character's lives.
It was an amazing read  , the style of writing, content, my favorite book of the year,!<br/>Always so much to learn during that time frame.
Second World War Germany from the perspective of two sisters who battled Natizism each in their own way.  Great story well done.  Fast read.
I love all of Kristin Hannah's books but this may be the best. Please don't stop the excellent work.  This is my reading treat for the year.
It was a riveting, thought provoking, heartbreaking, yet heartwarming book of suffering, courage, hopefulness and love. It is a must read!!!
I love the history of this book. Very touching story. Kept me interested the whole time. This is one of my favorite books by Kristen Hannah.
Loved this book.  Great character development.  Historical fiction that is a sad part of the past.  Author makes the history books personal.
Incredibly powerful book. It has opened my eyes to a world I knew nothing about. How fortunate my life is. I have never lived through a war.
I could not put it down. I loved the characters. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a well written story and interesting characters.
Well written. Great story that at times is disturbing but true and needs to be remembered. People made great sacrifices to shape the future!
Wonderfully written!  By far my favorite Kristin Hannah novel to date. Full of emotion and in depth character development. Highly recommend!
I have read almost all of Kristin's books and I would compare this to Winter Garden...loved how she weaved a beautiful story around history.
Kristin Hannah continues to write with great detail to relationships.  I think I have read all of her books.  Just keep them coming.  Thanks
This book held my attention to the very end.  You realize at the end that there are many hero's  in this story, land you love all of them...
HUGE fan of Kristin Hannah and this book did not let me down! I could not stop reading it. Well worth the late nights and neglected chores.
Really enjoyed the book and was bummed when I was finished reading it. Five stars, though Amazon may've posted my rating before I was done!
She breaths life into her characters and they remain with you.  A beautiful story about what survivors went through during occupied France.
One of the best historical novels I have ever read!!  It is unforgetable. The characters are unbelievable real, and the story is well told.
This is the best book I have read in a long time.  Thoroughly enjoyed it and couldn't put it down.  Wonderful characters and a great story.
This is definitely one of the best books I've read in a long time. Once started I couldn't put it down! I look forward to reading it again!
This is by far one of the best fiction holocaust novels I have ever read. Wonderful, left me with an aching heart and wanting to know more.
I loved this book.  It shows the courage and wit women had in a very difficult situation.  Danger, suspense, and love make it a great read.
What can I say about this wonderful book but that it is amazing, heart wrenching and beautifully written. Kristin Hannah has done it again.
A beautiful and exquisite story. Kept me wanting to read on. Sad, painful, hopeful, and a showcase of the brave and resilient human spirit.
I liked everything about this book and would recommend it to everyone! The author wrote every word with such truth, understanding and love!
This was one of the best books I have read. It told the story of how two sisters worked against the Nazis in France in very different ways.
I really liked this book. It was based on some history we so easily forget WWII Germany. I was sad in some places but the ending was great.
Not what I was expecting, but compelling characters and believable story line. I think one of the better books I've read by Kristan Hannah.
Like most Kristin Hannah books it was an excellent read. I laughed, I cried, I finished the book in two days because I couldn't put it down
I really liked this book. WWII and Nazi Germany are always tough reads..horrible war.  I do recommend this book tho! Could not put it down.
Very good story. Hardship and trauma experienced by the people in the book were a bit too intense sometimes. A book that will be remembered
Wonderful book - thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it and was so sorry when it ended.  Nice little surprise right at the very end as well.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. It was heartbreaking to read  but it is a time in our history that should not be forgotten.
Wonderful heart wrenching story of survival in the midst of war.  This story demonstrates the power of love, strength, and will to survive.
One of the best books I have read in a very long time!  Wish I could find others as good as this one.  I hated to come to the last pages!!!
I liked the whole book. Very much a story you could not put down. Not until the very end did you find out some of the answers to the story.
I listened to the audio version of this book.  It was fantastic!  it kept me engrossed the entire time and made me want to extend my walks!
The ending was too much of a stretch to tie this story together.  That said, a facinating perspective of the French Resistance during WWII.
It was a new story of WWII and the Holocaust that though I knew existed had not read in a book.  Very interesting, sad and beautiful story!
Quite simply one of the best books I have ever read.  No, probably THE best book I have ever read.  Amazing from start to finish.  Perfect.
I thought this book was excellent. It really gave you an idea of what Jewish people & others who helped in the war went through. Great book
Beautiful, painful at times, and an amazing tribute to the women that survived and fought silently through the Holocaust. I truly enjoy it.
One of the best books I have ever read.  The story stays with you and reminds you of the cruelty of humans, as well as<br/>their goodness.
Uncomfortable reminder of the atrocities mankind can stoop to and bravery of a few willing to fight for justice regardless of consequences.
I enjoyed this book very much despite the fact that at the end it was too sentimental (at least to me). Good charaters, exciting storyline.
This is the first book I've read from this author, and now I'm sold! A gripping, emotional, heartfelt story that I didn't want to put down.
Vivid characters that you feel you know. Devastating settings that transport you. A heartbreaking , rewarding, and winning story. Loved it!
I enjoyed the book but in the beginning it took an effort to keep reading. After about a quarter of the way through I couldn't put it down.
I loved reading this book and wish it never ended. Such a wonderful story that will make you reevaluate your view of life.  Totally recommend!!!
I would recommend this book highly. Could not put it down.  A gripping tale from World War II that depicts some of what the French endured.
This book is so rich in history, one we should never forget yet entwined in a story of family and incredible enduring spirit.  A must read!
I'm not much of a reader, but couldn't put this one down. I longed for a quiet second, minute, hour to engulf myself in this amazing story!
This is an excellent book.  The Uthor is able to weave a tale that makes the reader feel she is in the middle of the plot.  Very well done.
A beautiful story. This book takes place in France and tells the story of two sisters who each try to stay alive during the Nazis regime. .
This novel leaves me breathless. It's really just that simple. It tells a story to be forever remembered in a way that cannot be forgotten.
The ugliest of times but absolute goodness shines . A story of complex relationships and extreme hardship and the beauty of surviving both.
A well written story about the hardships  the French people endured during the German occupation.  I liked the way she concluded the story.
I absolutely loved this book.  It captured me from the very beginning and didn't let go until I finished it.  I am still thinking about it.
For those who were not yet born during World War Two it is a true story of what the French people indured and the determination to survive.  A book not to be missed.
one of the best books i have ever read.  gripping.  informative.  tragic.  loving.  a terrible look at mankind as well as a redemptive one.  an intense look & feel of what it is like to have war take over your homeland, your family, your neighbors, your entire way of being.  a quiet, humble celebration of women and children - their resilience, courage, fierceness, endurance, and their ability to live with faith and meaning.
This seemed like a real departure for Kristen Hannah, but it was well written and as engaging as her other books. It was a compelling read.
This story is beautiful and poignant and a tribute to the bravery and strength of the French people during the Nazi occupation during WWII.
I thought I knew so much about the Holocaust, but I did not know how much France suffered.  So well written by Kristin Hannah!  Great Book!
Could not put this one down except to reach for more tissues!  A  touching reminder of lives touched by war and the price paid for freedom.
I loved the history in this book. The sisters unspoken love for each other broke my heart.  Once again Kristin Hannah has written a winner.
This is one of the few books you can't put down. The way in which it is written keeps you on edge and it is truly man's inhumanity to man.
Sad book but well worth reading! It was based on the second WW in France. I found it very interesting about how people lived thru the war!
Very well written, moves along quickly, keeps you interested.  Suspenseful, maddening, we all know the outcome...sad, with some happiness.
This is a good book. It was probably one of the most depressing books I've read in a long time but that should be expected in a WWII book.
It is a very sad story. Unfortunately it does not have a great writing style. The ending did not tie up all of the characters in the book.
Since I went thrue 2nd. World War I could really relate to this story.  It was very well written and<br/>Researched.  I will give it a 5.
Outstanding story and telling, compelling characters and narrative,<br/>building and interweaving, culminating in heroic love beyond all.
It really helped me understand the French resistance and what it was like in France during the war.  A great read that I highly recommend.
A real page turner. She brought me into the war in a truly intimate way. Great ability to tell the story and make you feel you were there.
An excellent page turner with a compelling story about the awful truth about life during the occupation of France in the second world war.
Couldn't put it down.  Now that it's done I want to read it again. A book about the strength of bonds between women and the ones they love
Five stars because there was never a dull moment and giving us such a roller coaster ride.  Learned so much. I value my freedom even more.
Thought this was a brilliant book about the courage of civilians in the Resistance in France.  Look forward to reading more by this author
This is a book that will break your heart and still bring joy. It is a story of courage and sacrifice. It reminds us of what so many lost.
Two main characters…two personalities…two types of resistance to the German occupation of France. New insights into a well-treated period.
I am a huge fan of WWII themed books so this was right up my alley. LOVED it! Fast read and very engaging. Would definitely recommend it!!
Stop what you are doing and read this book!! It is a page turner. Kristin Hannah does a wonderful job through a beautifully written story.
What a well written, inspiring book. A fascinating story that captured my interest from the beginning. Highly recommend reading this book.
The author has a way of transporting the reader to the scene. I've read many accounts of World War II, and for fiction, it rang very true.
Hannah's book gave me an entirely new perspective on World War 2.  Her characters' hardships and bravery were heart-wrenching.  Inspiring!
Wonderfully engaging, disturbingly cruel, realistic story of the time. I loved the writing and the story and hoped for a different ending.
This was one of the best books I've read in a long time!  This should be on a high school reading list. Very eye opening and entertaining.
Nightingale was a beautifully written book.  I loved it and cried so much in several parts.  I've been recommending it to everyone I know.
Couldn't put it down.  Best book I've read in a long time. Filled with history and loves lost and gained in a war to horrific to describe.
Really enjoyed The Nightingale, brought me to tears more than once. As well as being Very informative, it was emotional, and entertaining.
Such a wonderful book. Hard to keep reading but impossible to put down! A story of love, family, resiliency, and forgiveness- a must read.
Great book you can wait to read the next page<br/>Gives you a lot of insight of how. Many of the people of France survived during the war
a story of what happens to a family during war, how they survive, and eventually heal. This is a story to be handed down, and read by all.
The Nightingale was great.  I couldn't put my kindle down.  Once again, Kristin Hannah has a wonderful read.  Can't wait to see the movie!
awesome book.  Our book club not only enjoyed the book but the book club review questions sparked some very interesting discussion points.
This story is about two sisters facing the atrocities of war when the Germans invaded France and  how the sisters coped in different ways.
A truly magnificent journey - unbelievable trues about a terrible time - writing was magnificent - will read more of her booksA PLUS story
I loved the story & the detail! The characters were so nicely developed & the main characters were not  fully good or fully evil -like us!
A wonderful gut wrenching story. Once again Kristin Hannah touches our hearts with her incredible writing. I could not put this book down.
Couldn't put down. Brought tears to my eyes. Historical fiction brought to life. Characters were well developed and real. Would recommend.
Couldn't put down. Brought tears to my eyes. Historical fiction brought to life. Characters were well developed and real. Would recommend.
This book was eye opening for me...<br/>I so enjoyed Ms. Hanna writing a richer story.<br/><br/>Beautiful and tragic<br/>Wellness done
I loved reading this!!!! Couldn't wait to get back to it. I almost could feel what everyone felt when they had<br/>to go through so much.
I'd say Kristin's best. I couldn't put it down. I love stories about about the survival of the Nazi's and  how they didn't break everyone.
Wonderfully moving story about WWII from a female perspective.  Amazing story of survival, family and how love can carry through anything.
Excellent, historic novel. I couldn't put it down. It was the right mix of suspense, romance, action and emotion.  I definitely recommend!
This book is not fun to read because of the subject matter.  However, it is well written and tells of a time that should not be forgotten.
Sad I finished it so quickly. This book gives a wonderful depiction of France during WW2  through the lives of two very different sisters.
A heart wrenching tale. A newfound respect and compassion for the amazing survivors of a brutal and wretched time.  Get the Kleenex ready.
Great book! A page turner. World War II  set in France.  Much history and a love story blended together. I think you'll enjoy it immensely
Yet another masterpiece that touched my heart in a way I will never forget.Kristin Hannah...outstanding author...She's an artist of words.
Opening was not as consistently good as the rest of the book. The description of the trip over the Pyrenees made me feel like I was there.
Enjoyed this story of The German invasion of France during WWII.  Enjoyed the character development of most characters and the storyline.
This book was wonderful.  It was a beautiful story that brought me to tears while still inspiring me.  I cannot recommend it enough. - LG
The French Underground during the 2nd World War is the setting for this beautiful story of love and forgiveness.  I couldn't put it down.
A little slow in the beginning but unable to put down towards middle/end. A story that stays with you long after you've finished reading.
This book provides an interesting historical view of life in Nazi-occupied France.  The characters are somewhat two-dimensional, however.
This was a breathtaking and heart wrenching tale of the effects of war. It was beautifully told and one of the best books I've ever read!
A wonderful story telling of the heroic women during WW2. A new point of view that grabs you and keeps you interested until the very end.
It touched me in so many ways. We cannot forget the pain and the courage of the women who lived through this terrible time in our history
I loved this book. The author describes the characters and settings so vividly I could really see them. I could hardly put the book down.
Powerful story and well written.  Difficult to read as injustice overwhelms.  Life is destroyed but hope and courage win.  Worth reading.
Excellent portrayals of women's situations which lead to different choices in wartime. Informative, deeply touching portraits of courage.
Very interesting read, great insight into some of the things people in France had to go through during the German occupation during WWII.
This was such an amazing book. It really gave a vivid picture of life during the war. I kept asking myself "How did this happen?"
Great read. Even though it's fiction the story is very believable. It feels like you are reading something extremely real the whole time.
Amazing story of strong woman who fight to make a difference during the horrors of wartime while experiencing love, loss and forgiveness.
This is a wonderful  read. Engrossing story set in France during the German occupation. I felt as if I was living it.  Expect some tears!
I loved this book from the first chapter.  The characters are well developed and the story moves so quickly.<br/>I couldn't put it down.
Compelling story about two sisters who survive World War II in different ways. A good read.<br/>Historically accurate for the most part.
Wonderful story about residence and courage of people occupied by a brutal country. Keeps your interest with various characters of story.
Kristin Hannah has done it again....wonderful book.  I became attached to the characters and the story was beautiful, sad, and emotional.
I wanted to find a book to love as much as All The Light.... This is Not the best writing, but the story is engaging and keeps you going.
This WW11 story is of two French sisters.  Good characterization, and history of the times as the sisters survive the French occupation..
Great characters in this historical fiction. You'll get pulled into this one and the heartbreak associated with wartime. Highly recommend
This book was excellent!  Couldn't put it down.  Ran the battery down on my Kindle and had to recharge it before I could finish the book!
This book dethroned my favorite book at all times, The Stand by Stephen King. It was so well written and moved me at least a dozen times.
I haven't cried over a book in years until I read this one.  Great story and characters.  Should be read by all "lest we forget."
I really like this author.  I have read several of her books.  I recommend this book and this author to everyone who enjoys good reading.
This story kept me reading trying to figure out who was the woman in Oregon.  Loved the story of life and survival and the power of love.
A great read.  Tension filled and moving.  A WW11 book centering on the French Resistance.  A family story, a love story and a War story.
True to life yet written with sympathy for the victims and without malice towards the enemy  Recommended for both make and female readers
What the French and others went through should never be forgotten or denied by anyone. I will probably read this again, only more slowly.
A wonderful story of love and the ugliness of war.  The perspective from the view of women and men trampled by war but filled with grace.
One of the most unforgettable books I have ever read.....beautiful, heartwarming, heartbreaking, and inspiring.  His book is a Must Read!
Finally...I discovered a book where I like the characters. Even the ones who were not my favorite kind of people had redeeming qualities.
I enjoyed reading this book very much, even though it caused me to cry a lot at the end.  Beautifully written and a very important story.
One of the best books I have ever read. I highly recommend reading this book to anyone. When j finished reading this book I was in tears.
Absolutely enjoyed this book.  Didn't want to put it down.  I keep picturing in my head who would play the characters in a movie someday.
An unforgetable story of bravery and determination in the face of evil..<br/>A great celebratory read as we commemorate the end of WWll.
Another wonderful story by Kristin Hannah, riveting from beginning to end.  Looking forward to my next adventure by this talented author.
What wonderful book. I ordered the hard copy as a gift to someone very special. This is a must read. Lovely, deep, meaningful characters.
Great read. Couldn't put it down. The women of the WWII era get very little recognition and yet played an important part of it's history.
A well-written historical piece of fiction, The Nightingale has richly drawn characters whose stories pull you in and make you want more.
Wonderful book, loved every page.  Is well written, holds your attention right to the finish. I would highly recommend it to all readers.
Gets better and better with every chapter. Reads more real than fiction. A very special book!! I would definitely recommend this to read.
An amazing journey into occupied France in the early forties.  The poignant story of Viane and her family wil always remain in my memory.
Really liked it  ~ Great insight into a horrible time of history.  Made it real without gore. A great story of family love and sacrifice!
Always enjoy Kristin's books. This really is a great story, and very sad too - the dire experiences set back in the war. Very good story.
Seldom do you read about the French women in the Resistance. And while this is fiction it is rendered in such a compelling way. Loved it.
Seldom do you read about the French women in the Resistance. And while this is fiction it is rendered in such a compelling way. Loved it.
If you enjoy historical fiction, you will not be disappointed. This is an excellent book... Heartbreaking and inspiring at the same time.
Moving and belivable relationships.I would recommend to any maturue reader.not a book for u.der thirteen.this is Kristin Hannah s  best.i
Loved this book!  Had a hard time putting it down. I love books that not only have a great story line but also teaches you about history.
Through almost unimaginable conditions love gives the courage to act in this vibrant account of life in Vichy and German occupied France.
Thought I would be bored. But couldn't  put it down. Moved through time flawlessly and beautiful not Hollywood ending  Highly recommended
Couldn't put this book down. Great read. Really felt the suffering of the French during the German occupation. Would highly recommend it
Enjoyable read, nice focus on female involvement in the war. Great characters.  Won't replace "War and Peace" but enjoyable nonetheless.
Loved this novel.  It grips you from the beginning.  The author was great at the detail, setting and characters. It brought me to tears.
This is a beautifully written story. You will not want to close this until you are finished.I recommend this book to anyone with a heart
Heavy subject but written lightly.  Another Holocaust story told from a righteous Christian viewpoint - that's what made it interesting.
Really good book. Best I have read in a while in fiction. I had book hangover after this one for a few days. I finished it in a few days
So beautifully written.  Engaging and poignant.  It made me laugh and cry and scream out in anger. This is one book I will never forget.
The Nightingale is a beautiful story of love, tragedy and loss.  I could not put the book down and feel my soul nourished by reading it.
Fantastic book! I highly recommend this book. It brought the French occupation of WWII to agonizing life. A painful yet engrossing read.
The plot was very suspenseful, and for those who know little about the overtaking of Paris by the Nazis, this novel is very informative.
The story is touching. The first time I learn something about World War II through women's stories. Men tell stories, women get over it.
This time period in history is my favorite.  The characters had such courage and loyalty for their family and country.  Excellence read!
I loved it! It's well-researched, engaging without being too schmaltzy, and has its share of surprises.  Best book I've read all summer.
Loved, loved, loved, loved this book!  I think the story reflects history of the worst experience to the human culture ever experienced!
Great book, it is so amazing to read about the bravery of some people and the cruelty of others, society has not learned from it's past.
Every woman should because of heroism of one lady during WW 2. Every page commands attention . Reader simply can't put down the book....
The Nightingale is a touching story of family love, forgiveness and sacrifice. The characters are authentic and will capture your heart.
I loved this book. Often we read stories from Jewish holocaust survivors and this was from a different perspective. Beautifully written.
Thoroughly enjoyed book... great character development. Loved the world war Ii French underground historical aspect. Plot twist and turns kept interest.  Fun beach read
Excellent story of those most difficult times in the lives of the people living in that part of our world before, during and after WWII.
Slow in beginning and simplistic.  As the plot progressed it got better.  It was good to read about women in the Resistance during WWII.
I loved this book. Had trouble putting it down at times and read a little bit at a time towards the end because I didn't want it to end!
It's very compelling.  Even though I lived thru that time there was a lot of info I wasn't aware of. Of course I was a lot younger then.
Just absolutely amazing. What an incredibly written story, it's better than I could have hoped for. You will not be able to put it down.
A great read about the French resistance. And another look into the horror of World War II. Though a novel, a story that rings too true.
it took just a few pages to become totally engrossed . I couldn't stop reading throughout the entire book. best book I've read in years.
What a very powerful look into France and the Nazi occupation. A look at love lost, love found, lost and found again. I loved this book.
A gripping story about two sisters who contributed to the French resistance during World War II, each in her own way.  Highly recommend!
I typically don't read this kind of book, but I really enjoyed it. I learned from it and cried while reading it. Truly an amazing story.
I love all the characters in this book. I love that I learned a few new things about the war and that the book truly has a happy ending.
I've read a lot of books about WWII and the Nazi atrocities but none like this one. I couldn't put it down until I turned the last page.
Wonderfully written.I became of how unbearably difficult it must have been for people left behind.  Let us pray this never happens again
Incredible read! I highly recommend this book if you can handle the tragedy that some many people endured during this period of history.
A well written  historical novel depicting the horrible atrocities of WWII in occupied France depicting two sisters with opposite lives.
This is one of the best books I have ever read. Learned so much. Never really understood what it was like living in an occupied country.
Eye opening!  A happening that must never happen in the world again. only if the future is so lucky. I want to read more of this author.
Had trouble putting the book down and stayed up late to finish it. Well written and great story.  Keeps you guessing throughout the book
Incredible novel. Must read so we never forget. Thank you for this very moving history in story from.  Amazing book. Absolute must read!
I could not put this down, circa ww2, it was sad , but also uplifting. History buffs will love this. I think one of Ms Hannah very best.
Cheryl Miller<br/>Roanoke Va<br/><br/>Kristen Hannah is one of my favorite authors!  You won't regret purchasing this one!  Enjoy it!
In my opinion, her best book thus far!!  Story was captivating to me & I lost sleep for a few nights as I could NOT put this book down!!
This book is for all women to read. We are told a story that will touch mothers and daughters, and reminded of the strength we all have.
A wonderful book.
Not the best read
It was just okay.
Great read.......
Loved this book. The pace was good and the story riveting. Well written and historical accurate. Recommended this author and this book.
I enjoy historical fiction with great character development and this was perfect.  Great story and a range of emotions.  Terrific read.
The book was difficult to read in that there was do much tragedy and anguish. But it was worth reading and definitely held my interest.
Really enjoyed this book.  Although it was fiction, from my knowledge of WWII, it seemed very realistic, as though it was a true story.
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel from beginning to end.  "The Nightingale" kept me reading and reading.  The length was perfect.
Beautifully written, and the intertwining of the stories of the two sisters' lives felt both natural and suspenseful. Highly recommend.
It's amazing how love and beauty can be revealed through a tale that also has so much pain and tragedy.  Makes me feel so very blessed.
Complex story revolving around a simple plot...  good character development, but I never got in sync with the book.  Seemed long to me.
This was our September book club choice. I don't always love the books that are chosen, but this was one of the better ones! 5 Stars!!!
Once I started this book, I couldn't put it down.  It brought the history of the war to life for me. I would highly recommend this book
Loved the way this story was told. It was fiction but must have happened. France was affected by the war but I didn't realize how much.
A  well written life story under  Nazi rule in France and how 2 sisters coped living with this situation.  I highly recommend this book
Gripping right from the beginning, and was never dull. Easy to fall in love with Vianne and Isabelle, as well as the other key players.
This was a beautifully written, intense, romantic and thrilling story. I couldn't put the book down and found myself racing through it!
I loved this book. I could not put it down. It was difficult subject matter and the author brings you right there. Beautifully written.
I loved how it weaves lives of all people during a perilous time. Fear tried but failed to conquer love. So powerful, you live it, too!
Great book.  Historically interesting, piques your interest, characters are realistic.  Great read and want to read more by Ms. Hannah.
Best book I have ever read! The ending brought me to tears! Characters stay with me for days. Would read it again! Love,Love,love it!!!
This book will take you into its story, characters, and time and hold you.  It will change you. The writing is compelling and beautiful
I already love WW II stories- this was entirely believable.  The way she wove the emotional component into the storyline was masterful.
An amazing story that makes my life's trials seem insignificant.  What these women endured is incomprehensible. I couldn't put it down!
one of the best books I have ever read.I felt like I was there. Cried alot. Most emotional book I have ever read. Could not put it down
Wonderfully written,  well thought out characters depicting an awful time in our history when some people treated others barbaric ways.
I loved this book. All the characters had faults, but in the end were family. Brave, fearful, helpful & kind in the face of the Nazi's.
very moving story.made me understand what people in France must have gone thru during the occupation by Germany. extremely well witten.
Heartbreaking and heartwarming all in one. Very well written. Keeps you guessing which sister is the narrator.  Would highly recommend.
For me a Holocaust survivor, I had to read it in small bursts.  It brought back memories of my time in France 1939.  It is a good read.
I couldn't put the book down. The characters captured me as did the time period. This was a well written book! Worth your time to read.
Kristin outdid herself with this book. The storyline about surviving war from many different characters was captivating and intriguing.
A riveting and deeply moving novel about loss and redemption with two incredibly strong women at its core. You won't want to miss this.
One of the best books I have ever read. What the Jews had to endure . It was so sad but gave me an insight into a world I did not know.
Masterful! Did not want it to end. Hannah brought all the characters alive so much so you felt them in your soul. Yes I loved the book!
A great book for groups such as book clubs.  Great discussion book.<br/>A little hard to follow in the beginning.. Sad happy sad again
Excellent book. I couldn't put it down. It gave you a real appreciation for what the Parisians went through during the Nazi occupation.
For anyone who knew someone who survived WWII in Europe. Wonderful story of 2 sisters who endured through the terror, sadness and pain.
Heart wrenching<br/>Page turner<br/>Well written, brings the images to life<br/>A part of world history that should not be forgotten
This is good historical fiction and a book that holds your interest from beginning to end! I have already recommended it to my friends.
Beautiful story- very well written. This is one that will stay with me for a long time,<br/><br/>Looking forward to reading it again.
What a great read.  So heartbreaking and compelling.  Didn't want to put it down.  Well written, kept you riveted from start to finish.
Excellent. Going to read it again but slower. I was inspired to look up more information about French women and the Résistance in WWII.
This is her very best book.  I loved the story, and her research was excellent.  This was such a dark time in the history of the world.
I totally loved this book. I couldn't put it down after I started reading it. I love her books anyway, but this one is one of her best.
A beautiful book depicting courageous women living through the worst of times.  I found the book hard to stop reading--wonderful story.
Totally engaging, hard to put down. How little we really know of the hardships and sacrifices endured during that dark time in history!
One of the most moving WWII books I've ever read. Gripping and fast paced. I couldn't put it down. I would highly recommend this book .
One of the best books I have ever read.  At the end of the book I actually wanted to start all over again.  Highly recommend this book.
I could not put this book down. Amazing story and amazing writing. Humbling and encouraging at the same time. Well done Kristin Hannah.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. I couldn't put it down. I have read this author's work before but this is her best yet.
So many twists.  Heart wrenching and hard to imagine such brutality.  A wonderfully told tale.  Would highly recommend this great read.
A truly grueling and moving tribute to a disturbing time in history. Another Kristin Hannah masterpiece. A powerful story beyond words.
Didn't expect one of her novels to be so based in historical fact but utterly loved it! I believe I shall have my husband read it next!
Our Book Club discussed this read for over two hours.  A very lively and informative discussion.  All 10 members enjoyed it immensely.
Very intense and captured my attention from the beginning. You felt like you were living the story.  Great emotional twist at the end.
This was a story of love and loss, filled with history and intrigue and heartbreak - loved every page!  How brave the characters were.
I really enjoyed learning about the French resistance during WWII.  It had a good story wrapped around enough history to keep it real.
Excellent read!  The characters were so believable and interesting.  One of the best historical fiction I have read this year.  Bravo!
Brilliantly written. Great perspective on the role of women during WW2. Loved this book. Hannah is a sensitive and intelligent writer.
A great book! I couldn't put it down. I cried many times yet it wasn't depressing...just heartbreaking. I would make a terrific movie!
Thoroughly enjoyable reading. I didn't want to put it down.  Suspense filled story and great character development  keep you roped in.
I hung on every word. It is passionate, inspiring, and hopeful. It makes you believe in love again and it's power to change the world.
Tragic and sorrowful account of the horrors of the Holocaust and the resilience of those forced to live through the German occupation.
The story was riveting and the author really wrote it very well.  I was so caught up with the story that I couldn't put the book down.
Captivating, compelling story of family bonds that can and does surpass the very worst of war times and horrific actions of the Nazis.
Excellent story! Highly recommend to everyone. Will read again.  I cried as I felt the emotions and frustrations of these two sisters.
I love the relationship between two sisters and how they took their own path during WWII, to survive. Simple amazing story! I love it.
I liked that the story took place in France.  I liked the personalities of both women.  I actually felt emotion when reading the story
Such a great read. Would definitely recommend it.  Their story and what they went through during the  war  was definitely eye opening.
Loved the story of women who were heroes and how we judge ourselves and each other. This is truly a story about the strength of women.
Fantastic book and well written. Would highly recommend to anyone but especially those interested in the stories revolving around WWII
I enjoyed this book very much. Once I started to read this book I could not put it down.This book is a great read does not disappoint.
Excellent story of courage pain war and the survival of a whole generation.  The greatest generation.  This book was  a riveting story
The was a real page tuner.  I didn't want it to end. The strength of the main characters is what all women should find in themselves!!
Fantastic.<br/><br/>Couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>I have read many of Kristin Hannah's book but this is the most heart wrenching.
This was an incredible book.  I highly recommend reading as you will not be able to put it down.  Love, loss and survival!  Beautiful!
I stayed up half the night reading. I couldn't put this book down. At 3 a.m. I turned off the light with tears running down my cheeks.
This is the best book I have read for a long time. An array of suspense, romance, and a surprising finale. I wanted the book to go on.
I really enjoyed this book. So wonderful to read about the horrors of WWII from the perspective of women heroines. I cried at the end.
Gripping story describing the effect of war on the civilian population and how they fought back, suffered, and clung to life and hope.
Absolutely one of the bestest books I've ever read - Kristin Hannah is truly amazing and each new book just gets better than the last.
Kristin Hannah grabs you in the very first page and you don't come up for air until the very, very end.  Best book I've read in years.
Books about the complex relationship of sisters are always fascinating. This one is set in wartime France and told with great empathy.
Loved this book.  Very well tied together.  The characters were so believable and interesting.  I would love for you to read this book
This is one the best books I've read in a long time!! Beautifully written. A kristin Hannah masterpiece!!!  Can't wait for the movie!!
A real page turner. Couldn't put it down. Wonderfully real characters. The locations leaped off the pages and had me holding my breath
Unlike any of her other stories but so wonderfully written. Kristin Hannah is a true talent. I know she must be so proud of this work.
This book was fantastic. I could hardly put it down.You see war thru the eyes of those left behind. It reminds us of what is important
An intriguing and compelling story--riveting and emotional. An absolutely fascinating love story told in the backdrop of World War II.
Thought provoking and heartbreaking. Took on vacation and kept returning to it because of its intense story and intriguing characters.
Good writing- good description of the events in the occupation of France-  good unexpected twist at the end of the book.  recommended.
Have read many books about WWII. This was the first about French Resistance. Learned so much & helped to understand the French better.
Absolutely a wonderful read.  I could not put this book down.  I am a fan of Kristin Hannah, but she really outdid herself on this one
Can I please give it more stars? Without doubt one of the best books I have read. Do yourself a favor and read this one right away!!!!
Stories of wartime heroes are usually about men. In this story two sisters who are as different as night and day become heroes. One quietly saving Jewish children from certain death in concentration camps and the other heroically leading downed aviators into Spain. One sister did this even while Nazi officers were billeted in her home. The other hiding under an assumed name became the Nightingale leading the soldiers to safety. The story is told weaving present day with those in Occupied France. It isn't a World War II story in the normal sense, but rather a telling of women enduring great hardships and retaining their sense of humanity. I literally could not put this down until I had read the whole story of these two sisters
Wonderful from page one!  Could not put this one down. A story and characters who keep you wanting more, but I didn't want it to end.
So happy to have found this author. Well written and kept my interest to the last page. Looking forward to reading more of her books.
This story covered life in a small French village under Nazi occupation- thrilling resistance to brutality.  Would make a good movie.
I really enjoyed this book.  The women who helped France, behind the scenes, were incredible.  Their strength and courage inspire me.
Suspense filled, realistic, and a real page turner.  I would highly recommend for anyone who has any interest at all in World War II.
very very very good read - extraordinary plot twists and turns, achingly beautiful story of loss and sacrifice and the power of love.
It was an excellent story as are most Ms Hannah's books.  I was disappointed that she didn't explain how or why Vianne go to the U.S.
This is a beautifully rich, thoughtfully written book where you fall in love with the characters and are sad when the book has ended.
Great character development.  A dark chapter in history yet an uplifting message about family, friendship, and doing the right thing.
This book was amazing. I read it about a year ago and I am still trying to get my friends to read it. Such a good World War II story.
I'm new to Kristin Hannah but, wow, what a great storyteller.  A beautiful and compelling story, beautifully told.  Highly recommend.
Excellent. Christine Hannah out did all her other books with this one.  Well researched, and brougth the reader into the story itself
One of the best books that I have read in a long, long time! I have recommended it to many people.  In a way I didn't want it to end.
Beautiful story. Informative touching and well written. Descriptions made you feel like you were there. The ending was excellent. Sad
The best book I've read in a long time.  A lot of history intertwined with a really interesting story.  I highly recommend this book.
I have enjoyed every Kristen Hannah book I have read, but this one most of all! Such a sad period of history, but a triumphant story.
I loved the story! It helps to help you understand what families lived through during war times.<br/>I strongly recommend this book!
What will I do now that the book has ended?  I will recommend it to everyone.  It is a wonderful story that had me crying in the end.
It is good to learn about history through story. This book revealed so much about what the French endured during the war. Compelling.
Not all French people were cowards and collaborators. This story of courage in the face of unbelievable obstacles is an amazing read.
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time. So well written. The author is amazing and I will look for more of her books.
Wonderful account of a terrible time in France and the world. Gives such understanding of what people in France went through in WWII.
Absolutely inspiring story of a family in World War 2 times. Grasps you and takes you on their journey the whole time....page turner!
Fascinating story depicting the role women played in WW2 as well as the suffering of the French during this horrible part of history.
I enjoyed the beautiful development of each of the characters<br/>A suspense filled story<br/>I highly recommend reading this book!
One of the best books I've read this year.  The stories of each member of this family, and their friends, brings forth many emotions.
Be prepared to cry. You will fall in love with these characters. Their strengths and their vulnerabilities. You will like the ending.
One of the best books I have ever read.However,I stayed up all night to finnish it,getting 1 hour of sleep before the alarm went off.
Each page in this book is a masterpiece.<br/>It is just such a good book, emotional, captivating.<br/>Highly recommended. The best.
Great story line with in depth characters. Would highly recommend. Just enough history to make it fascinating thanks for a great read
Very good story.  Liked her Firefly Lane years ago about the bonds of friendship.  This is a captivating story that I really enjoyed.
This is the best book I have read in years. It took me a little time to get into it and then I couldn't put it down. Highly recommend
I read all of Kristin 's books- knew her mother and worked with her in Snohomish , WA so decided to try them years ago- I was hooked!
Could not put this book down.  Kristin Hannah has done an awesome job reminding us of how bad it was when the Germans invaded France.
Something very different, very engaging.  A lovely story that may go on just a bit too long.  -- But You will remember it far longer.
A rolling story of love,loss,and heroism during World War II. This was,a book I found myself thinking about long after I put it down.
A beautiful story of war, family, love, sacrifice, and forgiveness. Starts a little bit slow, but stick with it. It's worth the wait.
I really enjoyed the story as hard as it was to read I couldn't stop!  I would recommend this to anyone who likes historical fiction.
Compelling and heart stopping and vivid.<br/>Recommend d reading add it to your list.<br/>Fast paced and exciting and heartbreaking
A great read about a truly horrific time in human history.. ......man's inhumanity to man leads to such resilience in the human soul.
So good.... Did not speak to my family from the time I picked it up..... Make sure to start on a weekend or plan to call out of work.
I'm an avid reader and this book ranks in my Top 10 of all time perhaps in the Top 5, GREAT BOOK in every way. Thanks Kristin Hannah.
Loved the way it was written and I developed deep affection for the characters. An example of two strong women in the worst of times.
Learned so much about the women who sacrificed all in the French Resistance movement.  A very moving book.  Thank you Kristin Hannah.
Great character development - great story - really felt how difficult it was to live in France during Nazi occupation during the war.
This was a good story but a bit unrealistic in places.  I did enjoy learning some new things about the French resistance during WWII.
For those of us who have not lived through war, this book brings war to life in the most dramatic way. I could not put the book down.
I enjoyed reading about these two women surviving during this horrible war.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes to read.
I've read hundred of books about WWII and the Holocaust, but this well-written story was the most most unique and interesting of all.
I SIMPLY COULD NOT PUT THIS BOOK DOWN. A BRILLIANT READ. THANK YOU, KRISTIN HANNAH, FOR WRITING THIS BOOK, YOU ARE A LITERARY GENIUS.
Am 91 and relived the war. We went without many things and our men were all overseas but heir hardships were so much worse. Good book
A haunting historical novel concerning the German occupation of France in WW 2<br/>We need to open our eyes and learn from the past.
Very interesting book and much historical information.  I would recommend to anyone who is interested in finding out more about WWII.
Wow! Best WW2 novel I have read in a long time - Great story and satisfying ending! Ready to reread and have shared with many others.
This book is just a wonderful portrayal of life during WWII in Paris.  It is very well written and very enjoyable, but also very sad.
The Nightingale was an outstanding read. I have never read a Kristen Hannah novel before and I will certainly read more of her work.
I learned so much concerning the war. I had never read it from a woman's perspective. I was empowered by their strength and passion.
Well written, great story. Two extremely strong women face incredible hardship and both come out heroines. Highly recommend the book
A wonderful story with such interesting characters, especially the strong women..  Couldn't put the book down.  Highly recommend it.
I felt like I was very involved in the characters, and found myself thinking about them even when I wasn't reading. one of the best!
Great book!  Held my interest from beginning to end.  Great characters and learned a lot about the occupation of France during WWII.
I loved this books.  The characters were very well developed and I learned a lot about WWII as it related to the French.  Great book
The BEST book I've read this year...completely different perspective on WW II...would certainly recommend "The Nightingale".
Kristin Hannah tells a beautiful story of tragedy, love and courage. It very well written and brings the reader right into the story
One of the most compelling, engrossing, and heart warming books I 've read in years.  Bravo Kristen Hanna!! I await your next novel.
I could not put this book down. It touched my heart, made me think about any war's effect on families. Thank you for a great story.
This book is so well written you can not put it down The ending is emotional and it stays with you for some time Highly recommended
I could not put this book down.  It was beautifully written and I felt some of the pain that must have enveloped these brave women!
I have never rated a book before this. I have<br/>felt this book  I need to share. No words can say  how much you will enjoy this.
Great book! Second book I have read on WW II this year.  It is hard to imagine the suffering that took place in places like France.
I thought the book was wonderful. I loved the characters.I<br/>Thought it was very well written. I would read another book by her.
Great insight as to what women contributed to the resistance in World War 11.  Couldn't stop reading it but did not want it to end.
This is almost impossible to put down!, magnificent read! Recommend for everyone!!! Different angle  to World War Two! Tear jerker!
This is one of the best books I've read in many years. It really helped to open my eyes to the horrors that took place during WWII.
Great plot; complex characters;suspenseful; presents good sense of daily life during Nazi occupation in France. A good summer read!
Excellent and heart wrenching . Good character depth. Descriptive of a very tragic and complicated time for the French during WWII.
I am still reading and at about 65%.  It is a great book thus far and really holds your interest.  I definitely would recommend it.
I loved this book, has been a long time since I have found a book I have not wanted to end.  Read it, you will not be disappointed.
More of what we did not know of the women and their loves.  And life and death.  But most of all--life.  For the many Nightingales.
Beautifully written, a timeless story. The tragedy and the characters come to life. This book is one I would definitely recommend .
This book is definitely a five star+ must read. It was simply riveting from start to finish. The ending will truly move the reader.
Well written & a sad but beautiful story of a family, living in France during the Nazi occupation, and what they did to stay alive.
I loved this book and every character in it!! It made me want to read more books about WWII in France and I am NOT a history buff!!
Read Nightingale!<br/>From page 1 Kristin Hannah draws you in. I didn't want to<br/>Stop reading; or to have to charge my Kindle.
Fabulous read!  ~~ Well-researched, a bit graphic and disturbing but, given the topic, how could it be otherwise?  A powerful book!
I Loved The Book, We were on vacation and I had a hard time putting it down to do other things. She is one of my favorite authors.
This is a moving story that drew me in to the point at the end I felt that the characters seemed like I had known them personally.
A great visual work, you can truly feel the joys, physical and emotional pain, during war torn France`s german occupation in WWII.
History of the sacrifices and pain and love for mankind.  Stories of survival and the life and freedoms we often take for granted.
Starts a bit slow but once it gets going it is a great read.  You really feel for the characters and the ending is worth the wait.
The story started slow, but once it took off, I could not put it down. The writer made you feel the experiences of this awful war.
This was a lovely book about the cruelties of war and the willingness to survive. I enjoy when books flashback into a former life.
Was a good story I usually can see what's coming but with this I did not.  Her situation with weight and drinking was very sad....
WOW!!! This the BEST book I have read in years!!! I didn't want it to end!!!! I will continue reading more of Kristin Hannah......
Loved this book....love even with so much horrific war experiences....How could the Germans be so cruel is beyond comprehension...
A little slow to start and then I couldn't put it down.  It's been awhile since a book has touched my heart like The Nightingale.
Stories of unsung heroes during the occupation of France is livid and captivating. We can never forget what happened in that war.
A fascinating story of a French family and how the individuals dealt with the challenges of living in France during World War II.
The book was wonderful.  An easy read and it was great from page 1.  Certainly a difficult read for those who lived thru the war.
I'm sitting here in tears as I write this review. Do yourself a favor and read this book. History must never be forgotten. ~Karen
A beautiful book that makes you feel you are living and dying in war torn France. You fight with them until the end of the story.
Excellent story.  Totally believable and exciting.  Wish there was more.  I cannot believe how heroic the sisters were. Well done
I enjoyed the style from the very first page. Later, some passages seemed repetitive and weak. I cried reading the last chapters.
If you enjoy reading novels in the World War 2 era, this is a great read. I had trouble putting this down. I highly recommend it.
Beautifully written. Painfully honest and real. Celebrating women of the greatest generation. A tribute to heroes in World War II
This poignant story of two sitters living in France during WWII may be the best book I've read all year. It was hard to put down.
This book kept my attention throughout. I have recommended it to several of my friends and they have thanked me after reading it.
An amazing story of love and survival by two sisters who fought in their own way against the Nazis. You can't put this book down!
Loved it from beginning to end.  Wonderful and thoughtful journey without glossing over the reality of war.  Highly recommend it.
Haven't gotten tears reading a book in a long time! Page turner .<br/>Well written story of a difficult time and life in history
LOVE LOVE LOVE!  I never like anything other than "beach reads", but this was worth every minute. I couldn't put it down!
Absolutely loved this book! Beautifully written - extremely moving.  It is on the top of my list as a wonderful gift for friends.
Really enjoyed this book! Author does a great job of transporting you to Paris under German occupation. Definitely a page turner.
Such a great story.  I loved the characters.  Their struggles were so real.  Couldn't put it down.  I highly recommend this book.
Loved this book. If you like historical fiction the this is a necessary read. WW II....occupation of France by the German forces.
One of the best books I have ever read. It will keep you up late reading. I hope they make a movie of it. Would be a blockbuster.
A beautiful book. And a time in our history that should never be forgotten.  God bless the survivors. And the strong of spirit  .
Amazing story. I couldn't put it down and fell in love with the characters. Story of strength in the face of unsurmountable odds.
Best book  I've read in a while and I read them all !!!  Can't wait to read more by Kristin Hannah.  Great characters and events.
What a wonderful book! It touches the soul. Have plenty of tissues ready by the end of the book. This is a book not to be missed!
I loved this book. I could not put it down!!!! I really gave you a different perspective of what people went through during WWII.
A great read... Full of emotion and intrigue. Tearful ending but wanting more. A book that stays with you long after it's ended.
This was a great story set in WWII occupied France. It has wonderful female characters. I highly recommend this book to everyone.
So well written I couldn't put it down! One of those books you don't want to end. Great story that keeps you wondering what next.
I really loved this book..  I have told many to read it.  It told the side of the war that you don't read or hear about  to much.
great story!.great history!  This book makes one realize how much the French citizens did during WWII to help defeat the Germans.
Was a very good read.  Very thought provoking.  Cried with the cruel treatment and times.  Sister's lives were heroic and tragic.
Storytelling at it's absolute finest! A fictional tale based on actual events...I couldn't put it down and mourned when it ended.
I could not put it down. I never really thought about how other European countries suffered during the war. Loved the characters.
She is a tremendous edit writer.  Rich, moving, passionate and compelling in her words and stories.<br/>You must read this book.
Although I thought the book was expensive for my Kindle, I thoroughly enjoyed the book and could not put it down until the ending
I could not put this wonderful book down. When I finished reading I hurried to give it a 5 star rating. Thank you Kristin Hannah.
I love when a book draws me in within the first couple of chapters.  Great job Kristin Hannah.  So enjoying it.  Keep on writing!
Heartbreakingly addicting. I couldn't put it down even though sometimes it tore me up. A tense and beautiful plot about sisters.
I couldn't put this page-turner down. So beautifully written. I'll never forget Isabelle and Vianne's stories as long as I live.
Very well written book. Held my interest. What a terrible time in history. Praise to the women of France. I could read it again.
Such a good story but so hard to read, to understand. I can't imagine living at war and at the end love is what keeps you going.
I know this is a best seller, but it could have used some editing.  The story was compelling, but there was too much repetition.
I just loved this book. The characters were very well developed and the historical presentation of France's role was excellent .
Beautifully written. One of the best books that I have read in the past two years. Deeply touching story. I highly recommend it.
This book haunted me...I could not put it down. I felt everything the characters did. It is not for the faint of heart though...
Excellent book well written page turner highly recommended. Full of story emotions and suspense.  I really enjoyed it and shared
A simply amazing book, shed tears at the end. France during WWII keeps coming in fiction these days and this is one of the best.
It is difficult to find the right words to explain the experience of reading this book.  Beautifully written, engaging.  A gift.
Very compelling book.  Gave me a new perspective on France and the life of the French people during the occupation of the Nazis.
It really brought home the difficulties and courage of women during war. It is still true today for women in war torn countries.
I couldn't put this book down it was a real emotional roller coaster. I will be definitely reading more books by Kristin Hannah.
I could not put it down.  It was well written and totally believable.  The characters were alive and their struggle became mine.
I have never read this author before, but this was the best book I have read in ages. I couldn't put it down.  Highly recommend.
I really loved it.  It was good to read after the Pulitzer Prize, "All The Light We Cannot See" which was also VERY good
This book gave me a view of what hardship the people of France suffered through this war. Kristan is one of my favorite writers.
This book is rich with characters and history. It is well written and definitely worth reading, but prepare to shed a few tears.
Slow at first but the characters and the plot come alive in the last third of the book. I'm glad I held on. A beautiful story!!!
this was a very intriguing wonderful read. I found out so much about the French during the Second World War. A real page turner.
It's just the best book I've ever read, simply put, and I've read almost 150 books.  These characters will haunt me.  Read this.
My wife was born in France in 1939 at the beginning of WW 2, some of the things described in the book she experienced first hand
Touching, triumph and love!<br/>The strength of these women is amazing!<br/>Their perspective of the those left behind at war.
Great book.  It started slow but once I was past the first 2 chapters I could not put it down.  I read the ending through tears.
Really good. Really makes you understand how war makes people feel. I feel very fortunate to not have faced this in my lifetime.
With a slow start but a strong finish and an emotional journey inbetween, this book was haunting and beautiful at the same time.
Enjoyed this book very much. However it was disturbing to see how the French people, esp Jewish people were treated during WW ll
This book completely captured my full attention.  I was so absorbed by the bravery and courage portrayed by the people involved.
A wonderful story of a hard time my favorite time to read about .looking forward to Kristin next book. Always a surprise  ending
Story was mesmerizing. Kept me riveted through the entire book. Simply written. Can be used as teaching tool for high schoolers.
One of the best books I've read of this genre.  Her characters were well developed and the story line was completely engrossing.
Too predictable.
Loved this book!
This book made me feel so deeply. It is the story of strength and courage and love and survival.  One of my all time favorites.
It's fiction, but it made me think about the French people left in France after the invasion.  They were not all collaborators.
It a story of the worst and best of human nature...but ultimately, it's a love story. One of the best books I've read in years.
Another tale of French and German connections during WW II. A wonderful companion piece to Doerr's All the Light We Cannot See.
I loved this book.  It was by far the best book I have read in the last few years.  Going back to read some of her other books.
Loved this book. Wonderful to read  about French women in the Resistance during WW2. A page-turner that ultimately made me cry.
nicely written - held my attention and I felt I got to know the people.  Not in my top 10 but, nevertheless, an excellent read.
One of the best books I have every read.  Stays with you days after you finish reading it. Beautifully and emotionally written.
The story is wonderful. I really didn't like the writing style but the story won: I read it to the end, learned about the lives of the non-Jewish French women and children in WWII, about the French Resistance, and I was moved to tears.
. This was a real page Turner.  A new twist on an old and tired subject. Well written and believable. The other horrors of war.
fabulous book, had difficulty putting it down. Gripping novel with a vivid account of the reality for the French during the WW2
Just like Julien's first taste of Paris! The book is very well written with an unexpected ending. I think I will read it again!
Beautiful.  Heartbreaking.  This will stay with you, unlike so many other stories that seem to evaporate shortly after reading.
This author never disappoints. This is outstanding....her best so far. She's writes historical fiction as well as contemporary.
Great and powerful book! Loved every word. This book really makes you think about the value of ones life and what is important!
This book had me captivated from the moment I started it.  I could not put it down and I'm still thinking about the characters.
There were a few instances in the book that brought tears to my eyes.  That rarely happens.  Couldn't put it down.  Great read.
Loved all the characters and seeing a picture of the German and French people during the horrors of WWII. A sad story over all.
For those of us born after World War II, this is a great insight into the struggles of the soldiers and the people left behind.
Great book. Page after page. Written well. Would recommend it to anyone interested in WWII history and historical love stories.
Really enjoyed this book. Completely lost myself in the story. It is the best of historical fiction which is my favorite genre.
A beautifully written story of two sisters during WW1.  I'm still thinking about it months after reading.  A very special tale.
Great read if you like France and WWII.  Culturally insightful and layered with lots of great history.  Gives you another lens.
Excellent in every way. Well written, plausible, historically correct, suspenseful and good characterization. Highly recommend.
Great great great great great!!!  This book was truly amazing!!!  Wonderful, great, amazing, truly a blessing of a book.  Great
best book iv read in many years and i read a lot,<br/>this book is living proof, Women should rule the world<br/>my hart akes
Enjoyed the interaction between the sisters. Good to read a book that focused on what was happening to many people during WWII.
I loved the development of Vianne and Isabelle, and the depth in which the author details their journeys.  Very worth the read.
The author brings to life the French resistance during WW2.The characters live and breath and history comes to life. Well done.
This book will make you cry, make you want to talk to your siblings and hold them close. You feel like you know the characters!
This is an awesome book. It will break your heart and touch your soul. Should be required reading for all High School students.
Great story! I couldn't put it down. The characters draw you in and give insight into how awful this time in history truly was.
Great book. Best I've read in a while. I really enjoyed it. It was sad, but hopeful and inspiring. Those were some tough women!
Love is stronger then war. In spite of terrible hardships,2 sisters show our capacity to endure comes from our ability to love.
This book was amazing.  I could not put it down.  Couldn't wait to keep reading!!!  One of my favorite Kristin Hannah's ever!!!
Excellent to have women's stories of the war and resistance.  Well done and well-written.  I stayed up late to finish the book.
Many of my friends absolutely loved this book.  I really felt there was nothing new being discovered and it was so predictable.
Beautifully written story of two sisters and the paths they take to survive in occupied France. I could not put this book down.
I very much enjoyed reading this book.  It brought back memories of WW2, but really gave a look at how the war affected France.
Very easy read, I was hooked by the first chapter, I was drawn into the lives of the characters and felt a part of their lives.
This was such a well written in depth picture of what the concept of survivor really means. A must on everyone's reading list!!
I enjoyed the way Kristin described the french countryside and what people went through during such an awful period in history.
A story about a horrific time in history beautifully written by Kristin Hannah.. I have already recommended  it to my friends..
Another great read by Kristin Hannah. This is one that won't ever be forgotten....it pulled at my heart strings the whole time!
Kristin Hannah has written another powerful story. I am sad I have finished reading it.<br/>I recommend this book to everyone.
Probably my favorite Kristin Hannah book, and . I've read them all. Kept my attention and heart from beginning to the very end.
This was an excellent book.  I couldn't put it down and, after reading it, I have recommended it to many of my kindle friends.
Loved, loved ,loved it!  Makes you look inside yourself and consider how you would fare under such inconceivable circumstances
Written with great insight into what was experienced by women during WWII. Good development of characters. Highly recommended.
Fantastic! Wonderful characters with a fascinating story line. If you enjoy historical fiction, this is a book you can't miss.
In crisis situations, how does one respond? How does one survive? How does one trust and love? The story gives us the answers.
I loved this. Great writing, story. Compelling, didn't want to put it down. I highly recommend reading this story to everyone.
Didn't want to quit reading this book. It perked my interest again in history as well as the punishment war places on society.
Wonderfully written about the two sisters who helped save many lives in different ways during the German occupation of France.
This story captivated my mind heart and would like no other. A must read for anyone. It teaches a lot about life love and war.
Beautifully written, haunting story.  I literally sobbed out loud at times while reading it -- but still couldn't put it down.
The beginning did not hold me.For the rest I paid serious attention...for the end I was enthralled!!!an excellent read.Read it
Wonderful book, i truly enjoyed thi book. It is very well written.  I love WWII historical fiction and his dis not disappoint.
The story of the lives of women and their behind the scenes rolls they played during WWII.  Heroism and pain, love and hatred.
great book. well written and kept me engaged all the way through. I kept going back and forth on guessing who was narrating:-)
How many individual stories of personal heroism remained untold?  Many like this one, I'm sure  each unique and worth knowing.
Amazingly beautiful in every way.  Haunting and lovely...  By far the best of Kristin Hannah.  I could read it all over again!
This book was spell binding, packed with history, war atrocities and survival. A very good read that is difficult to put down.
The book was difficult to put down. It introduces you to many points of view and aspects of courage. It was very well written.
I thought Winter Garden was my favorite book but after reading The Nightingale it's number one on my list.  I loved this book!
This is a great book I couldn't put it down and was sad when I came to the end.  I can't wait for more books from this author.
This touching, emotional roller coaster is worth every minute. Not to be missed. Another of the millions of holocaust stories.
Loved this book!!!!  I read it on the way home from a trip, and my husband complained that I didn't talk to him the whole way.
I learned a lot.  Sad ,but gripping and I hated to put it down.  I really thought it was a good book.  Very thought provoking.
A wonderful story about love, war, family and what matters in life. Heartbreaking but empowering at the same time. Five stars!
Very very good. I have always enjoyed every book of Kristin's. This one was different than the other's but enjoyed every page.
I would give 10 if I could! I have read all of her books, this is certainly one of her best! I can't wait for her next book!!!
This is must read. This is a heart wrenching, action packed, fast paced story that follows two sisters during occupied France.
This was an amazing story of Nazi occupied France up close and personal through the eyes of two sisters.  It is a page turner.
What a great book.  Loved it from the first page.  Hard to put it down.<br/>Good stories of how WWII affected so many people.
This book held my interest from page one and I would pray that it was all fiction, but sadly I know it was drawn from history.
I enjoyed the mix of the personal story and the WW II history.  Well written and tough to put down once started.  Great story.
What a great book! Kristin is an awesome writer she really opens your eyes as to how lucky & blessed we are. I love her books!
Kristin Hannah has told a beautiful story.  Each of her characters were so real. I will recommend this book to all my friends.
French resistance during WW II - profoundly moving and true to the history of the time, this is a page turner with real heart!
I've always enjoyed<br/>Ms Hannah's books and this one's the best. I would recommend it to everyone.  Beautiful and inspired.
This book has consumed my soul, such a heartbreaking and beautiful story. The Nightingale is a book that will NOT disappoint.
Best book I have read in well over a year. Great story and storytelling.  Couldn't put it down.  Didn't want it to end. Cindy
Best novel I've read since Maeve Binchy's books.  Couldn't put it down even though I'd sworn off reading any more WWII books.
The book was wonderful - it was clearly written and held my interest throughout.  One of the best I have read in a long time.
A great book told from an interesting perspective, The Nightingale kept me awake many nights because I could not put it down.
Great Book!  Cried my eyes out the last 2 chapters.  Very different from almost all the other WWII/Holocaust books I've read.
Incredible story of how the French fought back against their resident German forces. Excellent writing and skillful plotting.
A gripping story with a strong historical base.  The characters were well drawn and empathetic.  I would highly recommend it.
Loved seeing the war in France from the view of women. Women are so much the glue that holds families and societies together.
This book is about human survival, love and how a soul cannot be destroyed by war. I enjoyed the book so much sorry it ended.
Loved this book. Loved how the characters were developed and the story line. Warning .... have your tissues ready at the end!
Very few books get to the cry zone with me.  This one did.  Well worth the library waiting period.  Might have to buy it now.
Highly recommend this novel.  It was well-written, and it will provide a stimulating discussion for our book club this month.
A gripping story of war, heroism, bravery, sacrifice guile, and the search for love. Would make a great movie on many levels.
This story rings true throughout.  I have been a fan of Hannah and I think this is her absolute best book. Be sure to read it
Beautifully written - a tale of pain, love and incredible heroism, cruelty and unbelievable lack of human feelings.  Read it!
A fascinating portrayal of life in France during Nazi occupation.  Characters were well developed and the story was fabulous!
Pages kept turning. Great recreation of France. Nicely written and to the point without using fillers. It's worth it to read.
I've only just starting reading this novel and can't put it down!  I love the character development and the historic context.
Amazing- I have never read such a vibrant, compelling description of the exodus from Paris.  Such a great well written story.
Nightingale held my interest from the very beginning. Very well done!!  Another story and view of a horrible time in history.
This book was essentially no different from any WW II book that you have ever read. I felt like I've read this story 50 times
Beautiful story that leaves you in a haze for awhile. Shed a new, unique light on France's experience of the Nazi occupation.
History in a beautiful painful story. Believable well developed characters. Very well written. I never wanted to put it down.
A great read - descriptions throughout are illuminating, and allows the reader to create a picture of the scenes and players.
What a terrific novel.  I enjoyed reading it.  A novel about the French Resistance during WWII.  I would recommend this book.
By far one of her best books.  Please convey to her personally if you can.  It made me feel as if I were living in that time.
Excellent. Well written. Hard to read because of the intimacy of the horrors, but she wrote in a way that you had to read on.
Another Great book by Kristin Hannah!  Loved the history intertwined with great fictional characters. I couldn't put it down.
This is a great read for anyone who is into historical fiction. It's both heartbreaking and heartwarming. I highly recommend.
As a child survivor I felt the honesty in which this book was written.<br/>I recommend this as a story of survival and love.
I could not put this book down. It is emotional and beautifully written. I absolutely loved it. Incredible historical detail.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book! I couldn't put it down! Definitely worth reading! Wonderful story that I never wanted to end!
Interesting historic info.  Story somewhat shallow with regard to the whole of the characters.  Rushes to predictable ending.
I could not put this book down and neither could my husband.  It personalizes war and its effects on families - what a story!
A book that should be read by anyone that grew up during the war yet never really knew more than the history books told them.
I would recommend to everyone will read other books by this author what a gifted author  a lot of sadness but a lot of beauty
I had a hard time putting it down . It still goes through my mind although I finished reading it a week ago. Beautiful story.
What a beautiful and heart breaking story of love and loss. Highly recommend this very well written story of courage and love
What an amazing story! So many intricate sub plots. Had to read it quickly. Haunting, sad, but what strong female characters.
Excellent story, fast reading. Compelling story about the war. Very disturbing to see how people were treated during the war.
Beautifully written with the brutal truth of hardship during the occupation of France as a back drop to a great family story.
To many young people today the Holocaust and the horrors of war are abstract; this book describes the reality of it superbly.
Touching and wonderful book.  Love of family and country told in a beautiful and historical story.  I would highly recommend.
The Nightingale was average. Not exactly an "I can't put this down" type of book, but definitely wanted to finish it.
Wonderful book!  I recommend it to everyone.  A very insightful look into occupied France during WWII.  Couldn't put it down.
Wonderful read that keeps you reading from before WWII until many years later! France comes alive...before and after the war.
An excellent book that I couldn't put down. This is my first Kristin Hannah novel that I've read, but definitely not my last.
I found the book to be very interesting and well written.  A different view of the horrors and human triumphs during wartime.
Wow. One of the best books I can ever remember reading. KRISTIN is so beautifully descriptive. I feel I'm living in her tale.
Well written, I enjoy novels with the WWII period as the subject and the stories of people who lived through it and survived.
Thought it was rather hard to follow and did not really hold my interest until near the end.  Not one of her better books....
Another great read from kristen hannah. I felt like I was right there in war torn France during the war. Hated for it to end.
I have read most of Kristin Hannah's books.  An excellent author, she has clearly done her best writing with The Nightingale.
Really good book. Being the child of Holocaust survivors , this book brought back stories I heard during my growing up years.
Reminds you of All the Light We Cannot See.  Good story well told.  Good female characters.  Evocative language.  Well done.
Puts you right in France for WWII from the perspective of two sisters. It's SO good, but heartbreaking. Well worth the read.
This is an amazing story of bravery, love, friendship and perseverance. It is a WWII story that you will feel in your bones.
This has truly been one of the most amazing books I have ever read. I don't think another book has touched me like this one.
Loved this book.  Became very attached to all the characters in the book and cried at the end.  Would recommend all to read.
this is the best book i have read in quite some time.  i stayed up to finish it.  THANK YOU for the wonderful story telling.
Loved this book. Riveting and engaging from page 1. Characters were believable & historical facts seemed right. A must read.
Great read from historical perspective and the lives of the characters woven into the story.  Very sobering time in history.
The best read for me of 2015, could not put it down. I plan to read more of her finely written stories of heart and truimph.
Gripping tale; difficult to go away from the book.  I am still thinking of the story.  Looking forward to the movie version.
I choose this rating because I almost never use the 5.  Loved the characters:  Isabelle, Vianne, Sophie, Antoine and Julien.
I almost couldn't put it down every time I read a few pages. Terrific story and well written. Would definitely recommend it.
I loved this book.  It was a heartbreaking story of WW II  France.  I would rush to get home from wherever I was to read it!
This book has it all! Love, heartbreak, adventure, and suspense all combined to make for one of the best books in the genre.
Heartbreaking story, beautifully written and developed.  The main characters were two strong women who rose to the occasion.
There are many WWII/Holocaust books out three, but this was an interesting story form a different angle.It was a quick read.
A touching story about the strength of women during the horrible years of WWII in German occupied France.  It was so moving.
Couldn't put this book down....from first page to the end page!!!!!  Exciting, heart-<br/>breaking; a real woman's book....
Exciting, heartbreaking, emotional story that kept me page turning long into the night! Sad that it is based on true events.
Kristin Hannah has knocked it out of the park with this book. Very moving, incredible story. A must read for all Hannah fans
I really enjoy these stories I nursed a French lady years ago who had done the taking of pilots over the mountains so brave.
Read this book to find out who the real Nightingale turns out to be. And how they helped to save some of their people. WW11.
One of the best books I have read in years. A true picture of the nazi atrocities in occupied France. Could not put it down.
It's been a long time since I stayed up till 2:00AM to finish a book. But I just couldn't put it down! Loved this narrative!
Well written page turner. It depicts the horrors of war as experienced by women at home and their courage to face the enemy.
This is a very good book about the time period.  You can really get "into" the characters and their differing lives.
This is a well written book which held my interest throughout.  Although painful to read this story, I couldn't put it down.
This is a great book.  I leared so much about the Resistance movement in Frnace in th context of a great story.  I loved it.
This book is beautifully written and has wonderful u l characters!  If you enjoy historical fiction you will love this book!
Loved this book even tho the subject matter was hard to imagine.  Telling the story of a family during very difficult times.
Loved this story that brought me to tears<br/>Learned more then I knew about France and the war and the people who suffered
I can't remember a book that has affected me so much. It held me in suspense and in the end just tore me up. Very emotional!
Great story of the sacrifices, challenges, and choices people had to make during world war 2. Very well written.  Excellent!
Tears, history, love and war...definitely one to read.<br/>Read it in bits and pieces and always sucks you right back in...
A breath-taking story of one family's survival during the German occupation of France, it was nearly impossible to put down.
Totally absorbing. I could not pUT it down.  We were traveling g in Europe and the book made the trip even more,interesting.
Loved this book. Want to know if it was based on an actual person. A real "page Turner"...housework was put on hold!
A very well written story about the trials endured in France during WWII. Very emotionally engaging. I couldn't put it down.
Cannot get enough of this author! Tears and joy all over again. A truly amazing book just like all Kristen Hannah novels !!!
Loved this book. My parents were Holocaust survivors and I cannot Lear enough about what happened during that horrible time.
Wonderful heartbreaking story of love and loss in a terrible time and the healing that comes from love of family and friends
Enjoyed this read very much.  Lots of World War II stuff I didn't know.  Well written, fun to read.  I enjoyed it very much.
I thought this book was great!  Recommended it to several friends. A novel but with enormous historical facts and relevance.
So well written. A well developed story that intrigues you and gets you invested in the characters! It was a wonderful read!
Could not put it down. Very poignant story of a family and town torn apart by war and how they survived. Have tissues ready.
Beautifully written, emotional story! This story would transfer well to the big screen.  I hope to see it as a film someday.
Well written piece about the people whose country was occupied by Nazi Germany and the horrors they endured under Nazi rule.
I was sorry when he story ended.  I miss reading it every day.  Excellent story for those of us interested in WW II history.
I couldn't put it down.  It was such a beautiful story.  Rarely does a book move me to tears but this one did several times.
Loved this book. Made me cry a lot but loved every word. Didn't want it to end. Thanks for giving us such a beautiful story.
Very hard to read due to the subject matter.  But so we will written.<br/>I cared about the characters;couldn't put it down
May be her best book yet. I love every one of her books, and this one was amazing from beginning to end. Thank you, Kristen.
A must read...an excellent, well written book.  The storyline is captivating and I found it difficult to set this book down.
I thought this book was wonderful.  I think it will be the 2015 book of the year.  I have recommended it to everyone I know.
excellent book, had a hard time putting it down. The first I read of this author and will definitely read more of her books.
This book grabs you right from the first chapter. Story truly keeps your attention throughout. I highly recommend this book.
A brilliant read. I am looking to read more books by this author. I felt as if I had lived every moment with the characters.
I absolutely loved this book. I couldn't put it down! What a wonderful story about two sisters & their roles during the war.
My mother, a survivor of WWII died on April 3rd, 2015 at the age of 88. After being abandoned by her mother in Poland, she survived on courage, sheer luck and the boys in the Resistance.  She rarely spoke of the horror she witnessed, but you could see the pain on her face as she thought of her childhood.  After the war, she left Poland to find the mother who had abandoned her, in France.  There she met my father, fell in love, and began a family, she so desperately longed for.  I was born in Philadelphia, where they relocated a final time.  Thank you, Kristen Hannah for this extraordinary book and for making me feel closer to my mother, my hero.  I miss her every day.
Very interesting from a historical point of view.  The characters were intriguing to<br/>follow throughout their journeys.
I was glued to this book, right to the finish.  the struggle between standing up for what is right and feeding your family.
This book was such a well written, beautiful story.  What a great book club recommendation.  It deserves a five star rating
I enjoyed this novel very much. Great story line, interesting characters, knowledge gained from the  circumstances depicted
Captivating read !! I enjoy the feeling I get when I just can't put the book down because the storyline keeps you involved.
Wonderful book about WWII and Nazi occupation in France! I have read many about this subject, but this was one of the best!
A wonderful book. Could not stop reading.  Romantic, heart breaking and inspiring all in one. A must read you won't forget.
It had me engaged from start to finish. Best read in a while! I loved how the story was told from two people's perspective.
A great view of WWII from the perspective of noncombatants.  Civilians dedicated to the effort of saving lives. Great read.
A little slow t the start but once you get into a few pages of it it was an outstanding red. Be ready for a good cry though
One of the best books I've read about WWII. Ordinary people doing amazing things to help strangers in need. Excellent read!
Well written, informative about French Resistance, and the triumphs and trials of women during WW 2.  Couldn't put it down.
Another great read by Kristen Hannah! A true page turner! Tears were send at the end.<br/>I look forward to her next book.
I enjoyed this book because I love reading about world war2 and felt informed about what the people. of France went through
A vivid description on every page.  Like watching a movie, but better as we can see inside the characters hearts and souls.
This was one of the best books I have read. I feel everyone should read this book. I see life in an entire different light.
A very vivid saga of war and how love is the strongest emotion that protects us and keeps us alive during the darkest times
I usually do not review books but Nightingale was the best book I have read in a long time.  You will not be disappointed !
A piece of history we should never forget. At some points very difficult to read. Amazing what the human spirit can endure.
I'm enjoying this book. I've had many personal interruptions since I've started reading it--it's still holding my intetest!
Excellent personal story of two French women and how they reacted to the Nazi occupation  of France--could not put it down!
This book was hard to put down and, at the same time, hard to digest the many ways women were abused during Hitler's reign.
One of her best books.  I had not ever considered women's role in the war.  Amazing story that you not be able to put down.
A book like that is sometimes difficult to read but we need to be reminded what Hitler did to many many people during WWII.
I learned a lot about the history of the war so I found this educational and touching.  Great story with even a good ending
This book is from a woman's perspective which is something you rarely see.  I felt like I was there with them.  Great book!
One of the best books this year.  Loved the history and story.  Ending had me in tears.  Recommend to everyone, great story
Eye opener to how things were for women in France during the war. It's very moving and it's something everyone should read!
I truly felt I was actually there watching all the events unfold. Fabulous writing, fabulous story. I couldn't put it down.
So realistic. Brings you through an amazing range of emotions. Makes you feel as though you lived through the war yourself.
A gripping saga.  Full of surprises but a little too graphic with the violence.  A happy ending which is always a positive.
There were some really tough parts, emotionally, to read in this book but it was very well written and I am glad I read it.
I had never read anything by Kristin Hannah and I was very happy that I picked it up. Excellent read from beginning to end.
Kept my attention and enjoyed it, even though subject matter and place in time are hard to read about. I would recommend it
Reminded me of how much a person can endure with determination and love. Oh, how they suffered and survived to be reunited.
I really enjoyed this book.  It made me want to do more research into this era.  I will look for more books by this author.
Nicely written. Inspiring. Was happy to read a story about non-Jewish French citizens doing something positive during WWII.
Extremely well written! I could not put this book down. It should be a movie! A lot of history that I did not have knowledge of.
Great read, heart wrenching but sheds light on life in an occupied France for those who stayed behind.  Highly recommended.
It was a well written and poignant story that examines the holocaust from a different perspective. It was a wonderful book.
Wonderfully, written.  Read until the wee hours and cried at the end.  Anxious to read more books by this northwest author.
One of those books that stay with you long after you read the last page. Another one won't come along for a long time...:(.
Very good book.  It keeps you wanting to finish in one sitting.  The characters captured your heart and you felt for them ,
This is one of those books that you remember.  It included history, truth, romance and love.  Makes me want to visit Paris.
Great story...... Gave this book as gift<br/>Many times.....tough reading but<br/>Wonderful story..... highly recommend !
Wonderfully written, hard to read and yet I couldn't stop.  Women are much stronger than we know when faced with surviving. This book will be one that stays with you for a very long time.
Vianne and Isabelle two sisters surviving the invasion of France by Germany each doing what they must to endure to the end.
this was a great book - held my interest all the way thru.  Kristin Hannah is a great writer - I've read many of her books.
Excellent book! It was so hard to put down. I have read many of Kristin Hannah's books and this one is one of my favorites.
Once I began, I couldn't put this book down.  It is a story of courage, sacrifice, and love. Wonderful! I highly recommend.
This wad a wonderful book, bought the reality of what people went through and did to survive.<br/>Thank you Kristin Hannah
This was a uniquely interesting perspective of WWII.  I both captivated and horrified by the experiences the women endured.
I've read many memoirs from WW2 and Holocaust survivors and it all rang true.  I loved this book and highly recommend !!!!!
I enjoyed reading this book tremendously. It is a book to savor and read over time. A thought provoking, emotional journey.
Heart wrenching and beautiful. Stories that need to be told<br/>This is chat wé cannot ever learn by reading history books
Could not put this book down.  Finished it in one sitting.  Haven't cried over a book in a very long time, but this one did
She is an amazing writer. This book shows you what the Nazi's did,not only to the Jews,but to the French. It was excellent.
One of the best books I have ever read. It was hard to put down. The characters began real and you felt you were with them.
Wonderful book could not put it down except when absolutely necessary. K. Hannah books are usually always like that for me.
The characters are very, very real. Beautifully drawn! I felt as if I were there! Thank you so very much, Kristen Hannah!!!
What a great book! It is beautifully written and a moving reminder of the importance of the French resistance during WW II.
With an unexpected blast of intensity, Kristen Hannah has outdone herself in The Nightingale. Read it. You won't regret it.
A must read. This book is absolutely awesome. I think it is one of Kristin Hannah's best novels.  I would highly recommend.
I have not finished the book yet. I am finding it relevant to recent events in Paris specifically, but the world at large.
Such a complex and compelling work. Held my attention easily and pulled at my heart strings always. A great feminist read.
this book touched my heart in so many ways- as a mother, daughter, wife and woman. very rarely does a book such an impact.
Couldn't have been told better!!! Rich characters, riveting plot line! Cannot wait for the movie. You must read this book.
I really enjoyed reading this novel and placing myself in the characters place. I wonder if I could have been so strong.,.
Riveting, beautiful, exciting, scary, and sad. This was an incredible story that was hard to put down. I highly recommend!
This book was so well written.  You seriously care about the characters and what happens.  Great book, I highly recommend.
Very well written.  A look at the French Resistance during WW2, with great characters.  Somewhat implausible but exciting.
A very thorough portrait of World War II France.  Somewhat rushed at the end, but overall a satisfying and emotional read.
I'm fascinated by the world war 2 time in our history and reading this story gave me a different perspective. Well written
Maybe the best historical novel I have ever read. The passion and the drama; the pain and the love oozed out of the pages.
I enjoyed this read.  I was a little slow in some sections.  I wish there had been more about the father and their mother.
This was such a great book. It captured my attention and opened my eyes to the reality of war as I have never experienced.
I really enjoyed this book.  It kept my attention throughout, and it was a 3 Kleenex ending.  I'd recommend it to friends.
Everyone is talking about this book.  I was sobbing at the end.  Interesting angle from the French perspective during WWII
Nightingale is a fabulous book. Easy to read and captivating story with many twists.  A very good read and worth the time.
This is the first book I have read by Kristen Hannah and when I was finished, it left me searching for more of her books !
Download now and savor this gem of a novel.<br/>I've read a lot of WW2 novels but this one ranks as one of the very best.
Could not put it down. Truly admired what role women had during the Nazi occupation in France.  They were true heroine s..
Compelling story and characters that depict the personal risks during WWII. Haunting descriptions that have stuck with me.
The writer grips you and is difficult to keep the book down. The journey of the nightangle is heart wrenching. Lovely book
This was a difficult book to read. It's raw and horrific, yet honest and beautiful. An amazing story of love and strength.
One of the best novels I have read recently. Gripping, spellbinding... I just couldn't put it down!!! It was a great read!
Couldn't put it down! Haunting and powerful. I finished the book after 1 week and dreamt of the characters all that night.
This book gripped me from the beginning. It was such a wonderfully tragic story about very strong people who survived WWII
Read this book, do not hesitate. It is beautifully written with heart and soul on every page. How do we explain the world?
Excellent! Made me feel as if I was there with the characters. Still think about the story after I have finished the book.
It's been quite some time since a book made me cry ... this one does it over and over again. This story is a "don't miss!"
This is a very well written book. I didn't want to put it down and it will keep your attention throughout the whole thing.
Really enjoyed this story about WWII.  I like historic fiction and Kristin Hannah has done a very nice job with this book.
Was captivated from the first page to the last. Tears rolled down my cheeks . Felt like I was in the war with the sisters.
Great book. Very enjoyable. Great historical fiction. Didn't want to put this book down. Story of two sisters during WWII.
I am a fan of Kristen Hannah.  I love her work but this is her best one so far.  A page turner in every sense of the word.
Kristin has done it again!! Couldn't put this down.. Love the history and this story during wartime.. Never give up hope..
This was one of the best books I've read in a long time.  It was very well written and I recommended it to all my friends.
Not as good as some of her other books, but enjoyable.  She tends to repeat herself at times, but all in all, a good book.
An exciting novel over all. However, the first forty percent of the book was rather slow while introducing the characters.
This was my favorite book of the year. It has unbearable sacrifice and heroism.  I have never been so proud to be a woman.
This was very well written held your attention to the end a sthong reminder of the devastation the Jewish people suffered.
An intriguing tale which keeps your interest throughout and brings sadness when you reach the last page as it was so good!
I just finished this book. I missed an event I was supposed to attend because I couldn't put it down. It is a well-written
A beautifully woven story of courage and fortitude spurred by the power of love and selflessness. Did not want it to end!
This has to be one of the most incredible books I have ever read. It should be required reading for high school students.
An education on the subject of families who actually lived through the war during the German occupation.<br/>Revelatory!
Hard to believe the atrocities that were done during this time.  The hardships the people had to endure were horrendous!.
Powerful!  A very worthwhile read,...which helps us remember and recognize atrocities committed during times of conflict.
This was one of the best books I have read in a long time. I didn't want it to end. It ended with somewhat of a surprise.
Loved this book. It's on the same level of excellence as EAST OF EDEN.  Rarely do special books like this one come along.
I could not stop reading. The author brought you into the lives of each character. I would recommend this book to anyone!
A page turner with tears!  But nearly all the Germans are bad and all the French are good, and the writing is not 5 star.
Just loved reading this book that features two sisters so different, yet so alike even though their experiences contrast.
Brilliant. Couldn't put it down! Fabulous representation of the strength and resilience of the women in WWII.  Thank you.
The writing is beautiful and effortless in this novel. I felt transported while I read it, just the type of novel I love.
I love books about World War II.  The Nightingale focused on a few characters and really developed them. My kind of book!
My mother lived through WWII in France, she never talks about it.  This book helped fill in the blanks to her life story.
Best book I've read in years. I'm still thinking about the ending.  I'm so in love with the story; I might read it again.
Reading this book was like watching a movie. You are immediately taken with the characters and story. A real page turner.
I don't know when I have enjoyed a book as much!  Great historical novel driven by two very different but heroic sisters.
Historical fiction at its best!  This story was well written and brought out such a range of emotions.  Highly recommend!
This was a very good book. Much better than I thought it would be. I definitely think if you are considering it, read it.
This book is fantastic in every way. Highly recommended for those who love a good story with a dabbling of love mixed in.
Really a 4.5. Great book about a difficult time.  Took me just a little to get into it but once hooked moved really fast.
Hauntingly sad, beautifully written.  This story stuck with me long after i had finished it. Well researched and written.
Riveting story which reveals a period in history in a very personal and impractical way.  Absorbing and hard to put down.
An amazing story of love and triumph in the darkest of days. I did not want this story to end and could not stop reading.
wonderful book - very well written - would recommend to anyone wanting to read  - the history part of story very real....
Definitely recommend reading this book! Don't hesitate if you like historical novels and world war 2 it's worth the read.
This book was different than her usual boos.. But I loved it so much! I wouldn't mind seeing more like this from Kristen!
Heartwarming story of love and suffering among a horrible time in our history. How love and beliefs endure love and loss.
Loved this book. Well written- couldn't put it down.  Great perspective and nice twist at the very end. Highly recommend.
The silent hero's of war given a voice in a powerful story. I couldn't put it down. An amazing story written beautifully.
WWII from the French perspective was most interesting and informative. Enjoyed the book very much and would recommend it.
The only problem with this book is I read it too quickly...it was my favorite reading this year and I may read it again .
One of the best books I've read this year.  I always look forward to the next Kristin Hannah book - she's a great author!
First time reading the author. Loved the way she turned a but if history into an excellent book without the boring parts!
Very descriptive of the hardships endured by the French in World War II.  Full of emotion, great read  keep Kleenex handy
Was born in 1934 and when I read how others lived during that period al I could do was thank God for my life in The U S A
This is a beautifully written book of the hardships faced by everyone during this horrendous time in our world's history.
This book keeps you engaged and interested. I didn't want to put it down. It also is good for a history or romance reader
It was a very interesting book with intrigue, suspense, and desire for the main character's courage to prevail over evil.
Great book - one can feell the various locations just like being there.  Some happy moments amidst a very sad time period
It started out slowly but one of my friends encouraged me to stay with it.  I really enjoyed the second half of the book.
Nightingale is the 12th Kristin Hannah book that I have read.  This by far is the best one yet.  Hard to stop reading it.
An ode to the women of World War II written in classic Kristin Hannah style: touches the heart and grips the imagination.
Great characters, moving storyline... A story that will stick with you as so many that  deal with this subject matter do!
Glad it is being made into a movie..!!  A wonderful book about two sisters in Frnace who serve in WWII in different ways.
I am still crying. If you can take the pain and have the strength to finish reading this novel, you will never forget it.
This was the best book I've read in a while. It drew you in and held you there. I couldn't put it down. A wonderful story
An amazing and captivating story. It is a very powerful story that stays with you long after you have finished reading it
I couldn't put it down.  It brought back  many memories of the war and  character forged into steel under horrible times.
Beautifully written.  A view of war that takes you into the daily lives of these women and how they dealt with such evil.
All I shall say is that my mother's heart ached, and I found myself sobbing at the end of this moving well written story.
An amazing story of a terrible war and the bravery of the women left behind to survive. And what is important in the end.
This is a book about world war 2. And two sisters who did very brave things to save people who would have otherwise died.
The BEST book I have read in a very long time. I am so tired today. I could not go to,bed last night until I finished it.
I am old enough to remember WWII but never thought about the impact war has on people. The Nightingale brought that home.
A wonderful story od bravery and scaferice. The book does hav a surprising twist that I did not see coming. A must read!!
I don't know when I have enjoyed a book so much.. I will anxiously await Kristen Hannah's next book! 4 stars definitely !
Beautifully written story of two sisters surviving in France during WWII  They are so brave and heroic couldn't put down.
Excellent book!
amazing story of two sisters and their different outlooks and approach to war and occupied France.  Recommend it highly.
Loved this book.  A very poignant view of life in France during WW II during the Nazi occupation.  Couldn't put it down!
I loved reading this book.  I cried my way through the ending chapters.  Beautifully sad story about the French in WWII.
This is by far one of the best books I have ever read! Do yourself a huge favor and get this book.  Might read it again!
One of the best books I've read in a long time. I recommend it to anyone who loves a great read. I couldn't put it down.
Surprisingly, an in-depth novel about predominately the women  and how they survived during occupied France during WW22.
Believeable characters from the period whose lives describe France in ww2 women who stay alive fighting as they are able
We should never forget that horrible war and the cruelty man can inflict on others, we should never let it happen again.
I loved this book. It is beautifully written full of love losses and beginnings. I will recommend this book to everyone.
Interesting reading about how people worked against the Nazi regime and the Vishy government. Well written, a real find.
May be the best book I've ever read. The characters are so real and you quickly find yourself swept away by their story.
Great book ... captured me from the very first paragraph.  I fell in love with both girls.  I highly recommend this one.
Wonderful book about France during World War 2.  Interesting characters and description of the small villages of France.
Decent book, the language was a little flowery for me and some things were a bit predictable, but overall a decent read.
Written from the perspective of ordinary people during the occupation of France by Germany. Great character development.
A read you won't want to put down! Great character development woven into an intriguing World War 2 story set in France.
A real page turner!!! Kept trying to guess the end. BOY,WAS I WRONG.  It was a great read. Hope it's made into a movie!!
This book did not disappoint and was a great read. Could not put it down. A great story of two sisters lives during ww2.
Couldn't put this compelling WWII story down! The characters kept me guessing until the end and stayed with me for days!
Outstanding fiction about two sisters and their responses to the German occupation of France in WWII.  Not to be missed.
One of the best books I've ever read.  I could not stop reading and when I wasn't reading I was thinking about the book.
Great story. It's like I am putting myself as one of the characters in the story. Can't put it down. A real page turner.
Started a little slow but very good and informative of the German occupation in France and how the French lived with it.
Although this story was a bit slow to start, it ended up being a heartfelt, emotional read, bringing me to tears. Bravo!
This is one great book about love, bravery and spirit.  It was hard to read ( WWII  horrors) and impossible to put down.
Loved this book, we always need to remember what happen during World War 2 and the sacrifice people made for our freedom
A little different for her, I've read all of her books. Love every one of them. Great story. I was surprised at the end.
Thoroughly enjoyed this novel, it was very thought provoking.Allowed the reader to experience warn torn France in depth.
Amazing novel of a woman who survived WWII, and her family and friends.  The love, the danger, the heroism is very real.
I loved this more than I can say. Ms. Hannah is an absolute wonderful story writer. I couldn't put it down<br/> Bravo!!
This is a must read. I could not put it down. Although a novel,it read like a true story. Excellent! Highly recommended.
Once I started it, I could not put it down! It was riveting and compelling and a wonderful read! I highly recommend it!!
This was a well written, captivating story, filled with excitement, romance, history, family ties and lots of adventure.
Great story about how a family suffered through the Nazi occupation of France. It will touch your soul and make you cry.
I feel like I have read this book before......The Light we Cannot See.  However I will read anything this author writes.
It was so realistic....couldn't put it down.  I heard it is going to be made into a movie.  Hope they stick to the book.
Well written, impressive understanding of the tragedy of war. I Never would have guessed the ending which had its twist.
Excellent read.  Beautiful storyline. Very engaging. Inspiration for all women on being strong and doing the right thing
I love historical fiction and this did not disappoint. Maybe just a little slow to begin with but i absolutely loved it!
I loved this book. Wonderful story and characters. I could not put it down.  I recommend this book highly.  A treasure!!
It took me a few chapters to really begin to enjoy this book. Once I got to know the characters it was hard to put down!
Excellent excellent! Stirs the deepest part of the soul and makes you realize we have no idea what suffering and war is.
Excellent. I lived through those years, but never really knew what the French went through. We all. Need to remember it.
Wonderful book.  I am still thinking about the characters.  It also made me spend time researching that time in history.
Could not put this book down. So hard to imagine the cruelty and the will to survive and live of we humans.<br/><br/>.
One of her best!  Enjoyed from first page to last.  Would recommend to anyone interested in stories of World War II era.
Historically accurate and very moving. The 2 sister characters were complex and relatable. I highly recommend this book.
Ms Hannah, you have created a beautiful narrative about a horrendous time in our history.  So many brave people. Thanks!
The characters were well-written.  A very sad story that held my interest all the way through with an unexpected ending.
Well written, like a great movie playing out before your eyes.  Don't hesitate to read this one, I definitely recommend!
I have read every one of her books, she has a way of writing in which you feel like the characters are your friends too.
Loved it.  It was compelling and the abject poverty during the German occupation of France was unbelievable.  Well done.
This was an excellent book. It made you stop and appreciate about how many many suffered so we can live in a free world.
I couldn't put this book down. The historical back drop is excellent and the author is brilliant. I highly recommend it.
Spellbinding work of historical fiction. I have already recommended it to several friends who are currently enjoying it.
Full of tragedy, despair and pain, this book somehow manages to be uplifting. Wonderful story - I didn't want it to end.
The nightingale tugs at your heart strings and brings to life the love that helped people survive and fight during WWII.
Loved it!!! One of her best, I felt like I was in France during the war. Can't imagine their hardship. Loved the ending.
So hard to put down once began.  So difficult to read.  Heart breaking to end.  I will never forget it.  Do not miss it.
Very touching and real story about 2 extremely strong women in an unbearable war. I would absolutely recommend this book
This book is soo interesting!! I loved it. I love all Kristin Hannah books!! Tear jerkers. Can't wait for the next book!
Great book! It is written very well. I have the whisper sync and the voiceover talent is easy to listen to. Nice voice.
Couldn't put this one down. Loved how all of the stories intertwined. Love, history and some mystery. Would read again.
I love historical fiction.  This book was gripping and a window into the past.  Everyone suffers in war time, everyone.
Great book, felt as if I were part of this terrible tragedy to mankind. Surprised at end who the real story teller was.
This is a beautiful but hard story to read.  Hard because of the hardships faced by the characters.  But they survived!
Not badly written and a good read. Interesting enough to finish the book . I can recommend it , but no with excitement.
One of the best reads of the summer. A friend said it was the best book he had read in 20 years. Could not put it down.
Great book!  Could not put it down!  Written in a manner that make you visualized the story!  Definitely worth the time
Just returned from discussing Nightingale with my book club group. I personally LOVED the book! This is a awesome read.
Wonderful book not your typical Kristin Hannah book and I have to say the ending took me for a loop.  Highly recommend.
I happen to like historical novels.  It certainly relates the terror in some people's lives and the goodness of people.
One of the best books I've read in years! It left me wanting more even after many tears! I will surely read this again!
Excellent story, excellent writing.  Totally riveting, had me hooked from page 1, finished the book in less than a day.
I couldn't stop reading this! I hope a movie is on the horizon! A beautiful story about love and survival. A must read.
Very good story which could be condensed quite a bit!  Some<br/>Details could have been left out but story compelling!
The book was very well written and it was easy the settings and the characters..  I could feel their pain and their joy
Well developed. Believable .  Tragic account of sad history.<br/>.read it twice as selected for my book club meeting .
Excellent read - couldn't put it down.  Much based on actual history.  Kristin Hannah is above and beyond an authoress.
Great book.  It was hard to put down. It transports you to another time and brings to life a difficult time in history.
One of the best books I have read this year.  I love reading about WWII and this one is from a new perspective for me.
Nightingale had an amazing storyline. I loved that it was well told and unpredictable. I would recommend it to anyone.
Captures you from the beginning. Beautiful story of perserverance, struggle, honor , and love during wartime in France
loved loved this book we think we have hardships but nothing compares to the tragic lives of ww2 survivors and victims
I could not put this book down. It was definitely an emotional roller coaster. Very well-written and a very good read.
I never write reviews, but this book moved me in so many ways. Love, loss, heroism....such a wonderful, powerful read!
Gripping story that you can't put down.  I have never sobbed when reading until The Nightingale.  Beautifully written!
Amazing story.  It makes me want to be a better person;  braver, stronger, and most grateful for my simple, safe life.
I have read many of Kristin Hannah's books and this was her best. Gripping from the beginning, I couldn't put it down.
This was a great read full of insightful portrayals of both the heroes and the villains. Does anyone really WIN a war?
Could not put it down once I started it.  I recommend using the whisper sync and going back and forth.  Well worth it.
Two sisters in Occupied France facing off with Nazis.How do they survive? Read and find out. It's well worth the time.
Plot driven narrative. Interesting enough, but doesn't move the reader in the same way as All the Light We Cannot See.
Once you start this book, it's hard to to put down. Very nice ending. In-depth history of some real hero's of the war.
You must read this book. Beautiful, heartbreaking,raw and a tribute to the strength of women. I am humbled and in awe.
Loved, loved this book! Historical fiction is one of my favorite genres! Would definitely  recommend this to a friend!
Could not put this book down. I know it's supposed to be fiction, but it's easy to read it as nonfiction. A must read.
A view of the French resistance from inside one family.  Completely drew me into the book; I could hardly put it down.
Very intense, I couldn't put this one down.  I'm not an emotional guy but this book got to me at the end!  Must read!!
What an amazing book. I can't put into words how well this book portrayed what people went through during World War 2.
Through all the hate love is found.  We all have an inner strength when needed.  We just need to believe in ourselves.
Kristin Hannah does it again. I cried tears for Vianne and Isabelle. A must read. You will need Kleenex. A great book.
EXCELLENT! What more can I say? It was an amazing story & so touching - so rich with love & life & tenacity & courage!
A difficult book to read, especially if you're of German descent but wow....so good!!! Best book so far by Ms. Hannah.
I love her books and this one was great...she never lets her reader down...would recommend this one with five stars...
Tremendous research and wonderful storyline. You fall in love with the characters.  The best since Winter<br/>Garden.
Captivating read!! I really enjoyed reading this novel and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys historical fiction.
Very well written story of two sisters living in France during WWII, and how they traveled different paths to survive.
This is her best book yet.  A wonderful story about the struggles and horrors of was, brilliantly told by this author.
This was an outstanding book . I couldn't put it down until the very end, wondering which sister had survived the war!
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Great description of the climate on Europe and especially France of the impact of WWII.
Couldn't put this one down. From the first chapter to the last word. Outstanding! Now on to her next book, Magic Hour
Wonderful read but oh so depressing.  So much loss and really illustrates the pain and suffering from the Hitler era.
I hate war books. So depressing and I never read them normally. But this one is special. You won't regret reading it.
Beautifully written. Powerful narrative and an amazing story of love, bravery and hope. One of the best of its genre.
Wow I loved this so much. It was haunting and beautifully written. I just don't think that you could be disappointed!
Loved it! I'm a sucker for historical fiction of this era, and it certainly didn't disappoint. I highly recommend it!
This historical fiction book about the second World War was very interesting especially since it took place in France
I really enjoyed this story; it started very slowly, but toward the end, I couldn't put it down.  Strongly recommend!
The characters were so real the book so well written. These are characters I will miss now that the book is finished.
Can't say enough about this book.  The best thing I've read in a very long time.  Brought me to tears more than once.
Good story with great characters.  It's quick reading and makes you feel what the people went through with the Nazis.
I think it should be an assigned reading for World History classes so that we never forget the prices paid for peace.
I could not stop reading this book. Very well written and a tribute to the will of survival in the face of adversity.
An engrossing story about the effects of war on a family.  The characters were likeable , interesting and courageous.
Riveting, intense, soul searching, fearful for the main characters. The author had me living the danger step by step.
Another AMAZING book by Kristin Hannah. The Nightingale is captivating, suspenseful and emotional. I LOVE this book!!
A Beautifully written story about a terrible time, and a family's choice to rise above the horror and retain humanity
This is a page turner around a too familiar war - yet the courageous decisions of men and women energizes the reader.
Touching and compelling. I've recommended it to family and friends and have begun binge reading Hannah's other books.
Very good read. Brings to life the devastation of the German invasion. Different than Kristin Hannah's usual stories.
Excellent, it gives you a new look into what women went through during WW11.  You will not want to put the book down.
Excellent read.  Gives a different perspective of WWII from a different country. Enjoyed it and couldn't put it down.
This was one of the best books I've read to date!! I recommend it to everyone who asks for suggestions of good books!
I had a hard time putting this book down.  There was sadness, hope, and survival. Definitely a book hard to put down.
This book was hard to put down.  It was a real eye opener on the war and how the women were a huge part of the story.
This was a book club read. The characters are strong and inspirational. Hard times in history make for a strong plot.
Moving story of 2 amazing women in German occupied France during World War II  One person can truly make a difference
A very well written historical novel. Could not put it down. Ms. Hannah paints a powerful and moving picture.
I recomed this book is beautifuly written and , in a way, lets us learn more of those horrible times or World War II.
I'm crying, not from sorrow, but at joy because of this story that touched my heart in such a good way.  Thanks Edie!
Two very different sisters in France respond in very different ways to WWII and the invasion of Germans. I recommend.
I loved this book!  Every character was so well done.  This is one I will never forget and I was sorry to see it end.
Wonderful and very moving throuout the book. Make sure you are alone for the last few chapter as the rears will flow.
A story so enthralling I couldn't put it down. Chosen for our book club it is a book I would highly recommend to all.
If you enjoy reading about the French resistance during WWII, you will love this book.  The characters are wonderful.
A page turner! I found it hard to put down! A sad, tragic but beautiful story about World War II & two brave sisters.
Strong women characters and a vivid picture of what happened to women left behind by husbands off to war. Good read"
Great story of the trials and tribulations of the French during the German occupation of France. Well worth reading.
Wonderful book... Very eye opening...<br/>We all know the war was bad.... It is amazing folks actually survived....
This was an emotional, edge of your seat book. It takes a while to get into into, but one of Kristen Hannah's best!!
A page turner and a tear jerker. A heroic story about a family and friends who show the true meaning of what love is
Just when I thought I couldn't take another WWll book Nightingale comes along and takes me on a brilliant adventure.
Generally I don't like books about the war, but this book was written so well that it kept me interested to the end.
This was one of my favorite reads but it made me so sad to remember all the horrible things done to innocent people.
What a wonderful read - smiles, tears, uncertainty and different that Kristin Hannah's other books I have read. 👍👍
I  loved the pace of this book and the way the author writes.  I am a fan of hers and always look for her new books!
Strong characters, compelling history behind the plot and quick pacing, add up to a very satisfying read. Well done.
This is the first book I've read by this author and will read her other works.  Please order this book, I loved it!!
I really loved this book.  I feel liked I learned a lot about what people went through during the war.  Very moving.
I thought that overall it was a very good book.  The audio version kept me entertained during a cross country drive.
Great book--loved the history of France's occupation and how people had to cope--very unemotional in the end for me!
This is a must read - beautifully written and will stay with me forever.  Thank you to Kristin Hannah for this book.
Could not put it down--one of the best books I've read.  It really puts you in the time--emotionally and physically.
Profoundly moving story.  I usually only cry at movies.  I believe this is the first time I've cried reading a book!
I enjoyed the book very much. It was hard to put it down. There was something that kept my interest with every page.
truly  immersed myself in this story and felt as if I were there!!!!  many tears shed -overall excellent writing!!!!
This book keeps you hooked the whole time, hard to put down! Beautiful story of love and loss! I highly recommend it
Rich. Full. Amazing story. I loved it!  I don't remember the last book I read that moved me as much as this one did.
I could not put this book down! I cannot say good enough things about this book and would give it more than 5 stars!
This book is well written, a page turner and one you get consumed by quickly. Mir will rank in my top 10 ever books!
A beautifully written book about a terrible time in our history. We as humans must not let such things happen again.
Amazing story. It makes me want to be a better person: braver, stronger, and most grateful for my simple, safe life.
Well written and easy read.  It's a bit dark (considering the time period), but very interesting.  Highly recommend.
Kept my attention the entire time.  Opened my eyes to a part of WWII I had not heard before.  Didn't want it to end.
A novel I could not put down. Your heart aches for the characters in this book. A MUST read! Could this be for real?
Don't hesitate to read this one.<br/>It is bittersweet to say goodbye in the end to a book who has become a friend.
Fabulous book....so well written. Learned so much about ThenFrench resistance during WW II. And a mystery throughout
Best book I have read in a very long time! You will love the characters and the story of these two incredible women.
That was among one of my favorite of Kristin Hannah if not my favorite. Anything about WWII interest me even if sad.
Wonderful book, story I've never read about. Hard to put down once I started. I would  recommend this fir book club.
Do not hesitate to read! Such a great story around a difficult topic but so worth reading in so many ways! Loved it.
Amazing!!! I couldn't put this book down once I started it. The characters came alive and pulled me into their lives
The horrors perpetuated by Nazi Germany in World War II affect members of a French family in Paris and a small town.
Wonderful story. Great historical setting. I love it when I learn a lot while enjoying a good, human interest story.
Didn't want it to end. Wonderful story full of history and love.  A very emotional story and one not soon forgotten.
One of the best books I have read lately.  It really reveals the horrors of World War II-- a spellbinding narrative.
I loved this book.  It really made me think about the women left behind during WWII and the fear they must have had.
I felt that throughout reading each page, I was eager to explore each new circumstance that these brave women faced.
Another fantastic book by Kristin Hannah. I couldn't put it down.  I can't wait for the next book by Kristin Hannah.
The 70th anniversary of V day has provided us with a  plethora of 'new films' on WW2 (French, British, American). My family spent the war years in NA, their 20 room apartment in Paris having been requisitioned by the German High Command. When they returned, nothing was missing and the place looked as when they left. This was not an exception. There were horrors in the countryside but mostly during the last months, after D day.<br/>The novel portrays stereotypes such as we saw in post-war Hollywood movies and therefore lacks credibility.<br/>It seems to me that 7 decades after the facts, reality should have been checked.
The Nightingale is a great read. I love a book you cannot put down. Truly felt I was living their story. Must Read!
Such an amazing read. I lost time reading this novel. If you liked "Sarah's Key" you will be smitten with this too.
This book was riveting.....and haunting. A different story of WWII, taking place in France. I couldn't put it down.
At first I was disappointed that this was another wartime novel. Yet this story is riveting and such a well written
The story was compelling and I couldn't put the book down.  I did, however, find the ending slightly disappointing.
I thought this book was a little slow starting but once I got about a quarter of the way in I couldn't put it down.
I really liked this book, it was a very gripping story.. I liked the way it was written, and the characters in it..
I had never heard of this book before but it sounded good and I am so glad I did.  I enjoyed the story and history!
Wonderful story... I dare you not to cry at the end! I loved listening to this on audible. The narration was great.
I wasn't sure I wanted to read a WWII book but it was enthralling from the beginning to the end!  Very good book!!!
So much fabulous detail and character development, easy to get immersed in the story! Looking for more of her work.
I said some violence but that was only the atrocities of WWII in France.  Very good book and I highly recommend it.
So beautiful.  But definitely an ugly-cry read.  She has such a gift with making the reader feel part of the story.
It's good. It reminded me of All the light we cannot see.<br/><br/>Read them both, actually. You won't regret it.
This book brings you in immediately. There were never any lulls and I couldn't wait to have time to read every day.
one of the best books I've read recently.  wonderful characterizations and engrossing story in a historical setting
Sad but inspirational.  It was nice to read a WWII book written from the French and Female perspective.Nicely done!
I would highly recommend this book to everyone. Kristin knows how to wave a story that you just cannot stop reading
Wonderful, touching, emotional.  Loved the sisters and how they survived.  Beautifully written.  Shed lots of tears
I could hardly put The Nightingale down!  The ending was very satisfying after all that the characters experienced.
This was one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  This is exactly the kind of book I choose to read.
Couldn't put it down.  This is as close to war as you'll ever want to get.  Descriptive, unsettling and fascinating
I have read all of her books, all wonderful but this one I will never forget. A vivid account of the horror of war.
What a beautiful story!  Kristen Hannah never disappoints! I will be thinking of this book for a long time to come.
This book was amazing. You felt like you were there and the words came to life. I am sad that I am done reading it!
I couldn't put it down!  Great development of characters.  Heart breaking and joyous at the same time. A must read!
brilliant, sad, engrossing and unforgettable.  kristin hannah's books are all special and this is the best one yet.
I thought it was a great read. One of those stories you hate to see end. The story will stay with me for some time.
The novel is an excellent capture of what it must have been like living during World War 11 in France.  I loved it.
From a hard yo please reader, this book was he best I've read in a few years!  Look forward to more by this author.
A great and memorable book concerning the bravery of ordinary and poor French citizens during the Vichy government.
couldn't put it down, it reminded me a little of Winter's Garden which I loved----great book, highly recommend it!!
Loved this book.  Much better than " All the Light You Cannot See" for an historical novel on World War II.
Excellent read.  My interest in the World Wars was my primary reason for picking this book.  It did not disappoint.
Best yet by Kristin Hannah. Epic page turner. History comes to life amid a compelling story set in occupied France.
It's been a long time since I've cried while reading a book.  This is a beautiful, well-written story.  I loved it.
Kristin is a wonderful writer and storyteller.  This book was what I have come to expect and it did not disappoint!
The words grabbed you into a different time and held you there. I cried,laughed and cheered the characters on. Love
This book was so well written and told a true story about a dark period in history and the strong will to survival.
Captured me from the very beginning and the ending was a real surprise to me.  Both sisters were such brave women!
This was one of those books that you just want to keep reading. Very well written, with good character development
A lovely story of sisterhood, love, and strength set in the horrors of WWII.  Prepare your heart to sink and soar.
I loved the book. It kept my interest from beginning to end. I didn't want it to end. I would highly recommend it.
Wonderfully written expose of an awesome imagination entwined with sporadic historical facts.  Extremely readable!
Wonderfully written! Amazing story that was hard to put down that brought tears to my eyes. Great for a book club.
My dad was a WWII POW. Now I understand what they were trying to liberate. Great story and we should never forget.
This was a wonderful book, stayed up all night to finish it.  Can't remember when a book touched me like this one.
Really enjoyed this book. The relationship with the sisters, father too. A big page turner, could not put it down.
This is an amazing novel. Hannah definitely did her research and created a beautiful book with amazing characters.
I have been to Dauchau and Seen Shindler's factory and seeing those places makes it real.  We should never forget.
This is a very interesting book, I love reading about history, I have already recommended this book to my friends.
WOW!  Awesome book! A great story how 2 sisters take 2 different paths during the war.  This book you'll remember.
Wonderfully written. Couldn't put it down. Helped me realize how awful life was for the French citizen during WWII
This book was a read, that I could not put down. Very interesting story. Very well written, u will not put it down
Would expect to find this in the "Young Adult" section at Target. Too many cliche's!! Had to stop reading!
I give this book five stars because it really pulls you into it. It's one of those books that you hate to see end.
A story beautifully written.  Could not put it down.  Tears of sorrow ending in tears of joy.  I highly recommend.
Very picky, but couldn't find anything else - was surprised at how good it turned out to be! Liked it very much...
The best book I've read this year. Fabulous writing. It's already been sold to be made into a movie.<br/>Read it.
A superb novel written from the viewpoint of women during the Nazi "administration" of France during WWII.
Great book! I didn't want to go to sleep and stop reading.  I enjoyed the historical aspects if the novel as well.
Loved how she fleshed out the characters and I cried through the last chapters.  Could not put it down until done.
Better than WONDERFUL.  This is a book to keep and reread.<br/>Not to be missed. Do yourself a favor and read it.
LOVED this book. Truly couldn't put it down. Great characters, great story, great pace, and interesting structure.
VERY WELL WRITTEN.  TRUE BUT LEAVES YOU FRUSTRATED THAT HUMANS CAN BE SO HORRIBLE.  MAN'S INHUMANITY TO MAN....BOB
Absolutely loved this book!!!  Fantastic and haunting historical fiction.  Complex characters and beautiful prose.
Another incredibly moving book from Kristin Hannah. I cry like a baby with every one of her books. Just wonderful.
Historical fiction at its best, I couldn't wait to finish it.  It transported me to France and wwIi.  A must read!
A true Kristin Hannah book! Interesting all the way through with the twist at the end. Loved,lov,  Loved loved it!
Love this author but this book may be her best yet!!! Great story of love ...conquers fear and meanness every time
This book must be read by all so that no.one.forgets  what we can do to each other but<br/>also the power of love
What an amazing story! I have never before been so moved by a book. Reading it was like I was transported in time.
Beautiful written as usual by Kristin Hanna.  Story of love, friendship, family and hardship.  Finished in 2 days.
Such a great read. It brought tears more than once. Very good information about the war and about family dynamics.
One of her best! Will recommend this book to everyone.  A different look on the war indeed.  Couldn't put it down.
Loved this book, I couldn't put it down it was fantastic! I may be giving it out as Christmas presents this year.
It was such a good read.  It's always so interesting learning  another story of the holocaust and it's survivors.
I really enjoyed it. Gripping , tense writing makes every page come to life.<br/>It was difficult to put it down
I really enjoyed this book - it was great historical world war 2 history from the perspective of French citizens.
This is a beautiful story and a very well written one.  I cdidn't want it to end.  I've recommended it to others.
An amazing & heartfelt account of how war affects lives. Very well written. Made me want to read more about WWII.
I enjoyed this book. It was suspenseful at times. Gave me a new, expanded view of the German take-over of France.
I was enraptured immediately. The writing is outstanding and I had a hard time putting this one down. Great read!
An excellently written insight into World War II France. Superbly detailed description and character development.
A very powerful story!  The two strong main characters were fascinating and the story line was very well written.
It was a very good story and gives the reader a lot of insight to the horrors of the SS officers in Nazi Germany.
What a read!  I cried for the last thirty pages. A realistic presentation of the trials if the French resistance.
I have read hundreds of WWII novels.  Never have I been so drawn in by the misery people experienced by this war!
This book is in my top 10 of all time.  Stayed up until the wee hours to finish and still did not want it to end.
One of my favorite books.  I cannot believe how horrible the Nazi invasion was and what the people had to endure.
Book was enjoyable, but you had to get halfway through the book to really be captured by it. Love Kristin Hannah!
My first  Kristin Hannah book. I can't wait to read the rest!<br/>I absolutely Loved it!  A definite page turner
This book will make you see what is important. I couldn't put it down and cried many times!  God bless our heroes
Excellent read...starts out a little slow but then picks up and is a really good book that u don't want to end...
I could not put this novel down.  Compelling, beautifully written, so that I was living through these characters.
It took me to Petain France about which I knew very little. It was informative and well written and I enjoyed it.
The author brings the Second World War into black and white. The reader will truly know the meaning of gratitude.
I liked the story and I believe it was well researched..characters were very believable which is important to me.
One of the best reads in awhile. It feels good to see a glimpse of what is so easy to forget in today's world....
Loved the story - haven't had the time to read in such a long time - and still don't - but this book hooked me!!!
This book had me hooked from the first page. I thought it would be predictable and bland and it was anything but.
This is the kind of book you can't seem to put down, and you're sad when it finally ends.  I highly recommend it!
Loved this book! It felt like I was right there. I loved the perspective of the war from the French civilian side
Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors.  She once again makes the characters come to life.  Very good read.
This book is one I shall remember for a long time.  Made me cry so many times.  I will read. More by this author.
Such a powerful story of occupied France and the brave, strong women who kept it alive through so much adversity.
I love the book that Kristen Hannah has written, but I feel "The Nightinggale,"  is by far her best work.
A truly heart wrenching story that will remain in one's memory long after the last page. Great read. Great story.
A deeply touching and beautifully  told story of family, war, disaster, and the love that made it all worthwhile.
Excellent story teller of the strength and courage of two sisters during the Nazi invasion of France during WW 2.
A compelling story that was well told. Another important story about the suffering of average people during WWII.
Loved this book - some parts were difficult to read, but it was so real.  I felt as though I knew the characters.
Loved it! Makes you realize what people went through during the wars, & how blessed we are to live in the U S A !
This book is one of the best books I've read in many years?  My heart was pounding through much of the narrative.
I enjoy reading about WW2 and what people endured. And The Nightingale was a wonderful book. I loved the details.
I am a fan of Kristin Hannah and World War II. This was a perfect combination and I didn't want this book to end!
This was a beautiful book. There are parts if it that will haunt me forever. It will keep you riveted to the end.
A great read.  It will tug at every emotion.  Do not miss the chance to read this book at the very least one time
While I generally shy away from WWII stories, this one was well done and I highly recommend it. An engaging tale.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and greatly appreciated the view of World War II it shared. I highly recommend it.
It is refreshing to read about the war events from a French perspective.  That is  a view not so often cronicled.
Very well written. Kept my interest throughout the story.  It is a story of many types of love, loss and heroism.
This story was so real and poignant , it made me cry. Very well written and meaningful. You will enjoy this book.
What a heart wrenching story! At times, I couldn't put it down and other times had to just to steady my emotions.
Could not put this riveting story down. I really don't know how much was fiction but it read very real and alive.
Unbelievably good.  This is one of the best books I've read if not the best.  It's a privilege to read this book.
excellent, beautifully written, very painful story told very tenderly.  great for book clubs.  important to read.
I enjoy books about World War II.  This was exceptional writing and was hard to put down.  I was sorry to end it.
This is Kristina Hannah's best book. This should be reading for high school students. Also would be a good movie.
This is Kristen Hannah's best book to date. It will have you turning pages faster than you can think. A must read
a page turner.
Totally spell-binding!  Realistic dramatic at times and yet positive.  I could hardly put it down!  A must read!
Great story on many fronts. Captivating characters and plot twists. It changed my mind about the French in WWII.
Awesome!!!  This book went straight to my favorite books ever list.  I love the time period, I love this book!!!
Wow.  What a powerful story.  Gripping.  I read it in less than a week.  Would have been faster, but I work...:)
Heartbreaking but this is the type of story that puts all of our current time, everyday issues into perspective.
A very different look at the Holocaust time period. I will definitely be looking for other books by this author.
Great read. My heart struggled many times with the realities of war. I'd really like to read it again and again.
Very good historical accounting of what world War was like in another country.  And what the Jews had to endure.
Heart-wrenching depiction of Nazi occupied France.  Strong characters & sad but satisfying ending...a good read!
After reading this book, I loved it so much that I bought two additional copies as gifts for family and friends!
Very well written.  The characters came to life and the settings and emotional upheavals could be seen and felt!
I was captured by the story from the very start. I simply could not put the book down.  Great book, a must read.
The story about two sisters during WWII alternates between both points of view. I couldn't put it down! Loved it
I definitely would recommend this book. She told the female side of the war in France without all the vulgarity.
A really good book---Very dark in places.I learned a lot about the people living in the midst of a horrible war.
Really liked the characters and how the women were so strong. I highly recommend this book, it was an easy read.
Puts a face on real historical events and those who lived through them. First time I cried while reading a book.
An excellent book. Very well written. The plot and characters keep the reader invested it the story. I loved it.
Enjoyed the book. Much history about the atrocities of war. That's all I have to say. That's my review. Goodbye.
A moving story that is sad with the horrors of war but a must read.  Not too much wasteful writing which I hate.
I couldn't put this book down...loved the characters and how they evolved during an unthinkable time in history.
a bit slow at first but the  story develops well until you can hardly put it down near the end. Well researched.
One of the best books, I've read in a long time,.. It made me cry and laugh!!  I would recommend it to everyone!
A well written book. Felt like I was there during the journeys of Isabelle and Vianna. Thank you Kristen Hannah.
Compelling story, very well written. A story of a generation and a<br/>Genocide war in a world run by butchers.
I enjoyed this book.  It is a demonstration of what happens when government is out of control as it was in WWII.
The Nightingale is a very powerful book. Historically correct and a page turner. A recommendation to my friends.
I couldn't put this book down after I got through a few chapters. It was very good, very sad but worth the read.
A side of WWII we don't usually hear. Fascinating reading.  It starts off slow but stay with it. Excellent book.
I was captivated by this story.  I loved the writing. I felt like I was experiencing the same as the characters.
I had only read one of her other books, "Between Sisters."  In my opinion, this is a vastly better book.
A beautiful story of family, friendship, and love set during the tragic events of WWII. I didn't want it to end!
I love this book, it was great to learn about the French  women who helped each other and what heroes they were.
Loved this book.  Perfect amount of detailed description.  Can close your eyes and imagine the scenes.  Read it.
Wound heal.  Love lasts.  What more can I say some hard parts to read. But.  Truly about love and surviving fear
I couldn't put the book down. Not just men were heroes in World War II. The brutal NAZI behavior well described.
The story was very moving emotionally  and the history of the struggle in France in WWII Really brought it home.
All I can say is wow, I am at a loss to describe how beautiful and heart wrenching and inspiring this novel was.
Very good book.  It held your interest all the way to the end.  Would like to read more books by Kristin Hannah.
Fantastic book!  Would highly recommend!  My favorite so far of the author (and I've read every one of her book)
Fantastic book. Kristin Hannah, really takes you into France during WWII. I can't wait to read her other novels.
I enjoyed the read very much. I did think the ending was a little rushed. But nevertheless I wiuld recommend it.
This has become one of my favourite authors.  Her stories are so well plotted that one cannot put the book down.
Another wonderful book by Kristin Hannah, this time a World War II story taking place in France under Nazi rule.
This is the  most moving and beautiful story about such a terrible time in our history. I could not put it down!
One of the best books I have read in a while. You almost feel everything they endure. Would recommend this book.
This is the absolute best book I've read in a very long time! Looking forward to reading more from this author.
Really enjoyed reading this book.  Interesting character development. Very relavent in light of current events.
From the time I picked this book up I could not put it down. I will be recommending everyone I know to read it.
It reminds me of the incredible strength of the women and children of wartime horror.  We must learn from them.
This is the best book I've read in quite awhile. I couldn't put it down.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
Wow! This is an amazing story I couldn't put down. If you have a weekend alone and glass of wine buy this book!
Great book of silent heroes during Hitler's rein of terror. It has romance, intrigue and mystery  great reading
A fine novel with sometimes difficult to read truths. However, I shall consider this read as one of the finest.
Excellent portrait of the things that happen during War.  That is not to say it wasn't disturbing.  War's Hell.
Excellent book, quick read, was nicely surprised as it was recommended by someone who's taste differs from mine
Great story of the sacrifice of the women left behind when their husbands left for world war 11.  Heroic women.
I was totally involved in the book. Characters were well developed and very likable. It was a great beach book.
Moving story of sacrifice and love in the midst of the bitter cruel Nazi occupation of France. A terrific read.
The mood was dark only because of the times being written about.  Some parts were nostalgic and others hopeful.
great story! I plan to use it for my choice for book club at my house, just as my friend did for her book club.
Loved this book! So sad but heartwarming as well. Makes me look at life differently and appreciate what I have.
Page turner depicting the French Resistance during WW II.<br/>Interesting characters with flaws and strengths/
I am so caught up in this story. I will remember every scene, every sigh. Thank you for such a beautiful story.
A great read about family, love and struggle. A womens perspective of the war is mesmerizing. Highly recommend.
Reveals the true strength of those who made it though WWII. Tells an amazing story through the eyes of sisters.
Hanna writes a story that wakes you up early to be absorbed again in this supremely written triumphant tragedy.
I really enjoyed how the characters were developed. I could not put this book down the story is so interesting.
The view of ww2 from the perspective of women who worked behind the scenes real heroines who made a difference.
I could see this story on the big screen. Moving and captivating, I found it well written and hard to put down.
This novel will become one that I will remember for years.  it is a bittersweet story that echoes in your heart
Truly a beautiful book. I will never forget it! This is a real account of love, war, pain, and then love again.
Excellent novel about the hardships Europe suffered during WWII. A page turner you just don't want to put down!
Love, love, love it!!!! Every time I start one of Kristin's books I can never put it down. This is a must read!
Kristin Hannah does it again!  This was a beautifully written story which touches all your emotions.  Loved it!
The best book I have read in years. I hated for it to end.  I also learned a lot of history about World War II.
Terrible book..  author, editors and publishers should be ashamed for all of the out of time inaccuracies.  .  Think of the time and place.  Pre AND DURING WW2 France ... Vianne, a possibly pregnant and married  teenager goes to the university to become a teacher. The book is not clear when she goes to the university, but she is pregnant at 16, and married at 17 so she had to be both at some time during her education.  She has a career as a teacher despite the fact that she is married.. this is in the 30s.  REALLY???  In America during that time married woman resigned from their jobs.  Do you think the old world culture was different? THE mention that Rachel's husband was never good at changing nappies.... ok  sure... and  one of Vianne's kids is given an antibotic!  Yikes  in the 40s!  Antibiotics?  Is says  Isabella is so cold she thinks she is in a refrigrator!  Factories were building tanks, gas masks, ammo, and guns.  Refrigrator were not avaliable until well after the war. Iasbella walks through deep snow to deliver her properganda flyers..  THE GERMANS were not stupid ... don't you think they would have followed her foot prints..  Sloppy  book.....  if I could give this book a no star I would.  Author wrote a mass appeal simplistic sappy story that claimed to be a historical novel...... it has been compared to "All the Light We Cannot See"  ..  what a insult to that book's author.  Do not fall for the high ratings...  it is TERRIBLE.
A page turner. Some pretty ugly things happened , but the strength of humanity prevailed. Really a good ending
I really don't like to read about the holocaust but<br/>This Was a great book. Worth the read. Great writing,
Great read if you like World War II literature. It was well written and kept me interested. I enjoyed the read
Excellent story.  Dark enough considering the events and time in history but not too gory.  Very well written.
This is a great story of survival. It's a look  inside occupied France  and what it took for women to survive.
Read it read it read it. Loved it. Promise you won't be disappointed. Was brilliant and I couldn't put it down
Loved every second of this book.  From the beginning to the end it drew you in and very difficult to put down.
This book was a great read! It was hard to put down and while reading it, you felt as if you were in the book.
Hadn't read Kristin Hannah for a while and really missed her.  This book was well worth reading.  Great story.
different view of the resistance movement  done by women during German occupation. enjoyed the book very much.
Very interesting book on the life in France during WWII.  Those interested in historical fiction will love it.
Leaning what the french women went through during the war is amazing. Truly a horror but they had to be brave.
i thought it was a great story; inciteful; conveys different equally rational viewpoints of a distressful era.
I loved this book.  It was well written, kept your interest up and had a pretty good ending.  Would recommend.
Couldn't put it down. How many stories of courageous women such as these women is yet to be told. A must read!
Loved this book. Great account of a very possible scenario from WWII. Plan to read it again, slower this time.
Wonderful story, as well as educational. I was riveted and moved, cried and laughed, and enjoyed it very much.
Although a little slow in the beginning, trust me: you will have tears in your eyes in the end. Buy this book!
The best read of the summer.  Compelling story of the French partisans, family and ove.  Couldn't put it down!
What a great book! Kept me wanting to read the whole way through! Unimaginably brave they were to help others.
I can't remember when I've been so moved by a book! Love is the essence in spite of all the pain. Outstanding!
I really enjoyed it..there is no more to be said..the war we never hear about was the war fight by the women..
As always Kristen Hannah has not let me down! Being a French history buff, this book exceeded my expectations.
Wonderful story.  I loved the dynamic of the two sisters and their own unique struggles.  This is a must read.
The Nightingale is such an amazing war story yet in reality it is truly a love story...I couldn't put it down.
LOVE HISTORICAL FICTION.  This book was great.  The characters were so lovable and the stories were well told.
An interesting WWII story from the French perspective. I love the back and forth from present day to the past.
I loved this book. I Couldn't put it down. I loved the characters and the writing. Highly recommend this book.
I loved this book. It is beautifully written, with a rich story line that captivated...I couldn't put it down.
A powerful read. This one will linger in your mind long after you finish it, which you will do in one sitting.
Great read. It kept me up several nights. Sad but as true as the author could make it. All her books are good.
The Nightingale is a an excellent novel about sacrifice, love and endurance.  It is hard to put the book down.
The Nightingale was an interesting insight into the contrast of the personality difference of effective heros.
Although fiction the story is based on many truths- a must read for all to see the sacrifices made by the few.
This book is the best I've read in a long time. Even though the characters were fictitious my tears were real.
A good read for those wanting to read about the war in France.  Historical fiction.  I would read this again.
Loved this book! Kept my attention - hated to put it down.  Sadness, despair, horrors of war.  Strong Women!!
Very good but not uplifting when you consider, starving ,beating, rape,and murder, somehow I still enjoyed it
I have never really understood France's involvement in World War ll. Inspired to look further in to that era.
Loved this book! Made me cheer and sob! Definitely recommend this book for anyone who loves stories about ww2
I knew little about the impact of WWII  in France.  This story opened my eyes.  I highly recommend it to all.
Good reading, interesting twists that keep you guessing at what happens to the characters until the very end.
one of the best books I've ever read  outstanding character development and foreshadowing  loved the book  vp
This is an exceptional book!  I couldn't put it down and very well written.  I would definitely recommend it.
story about Nazi invasion in France and how awful the occupation was and how they survived. very interesting.
Outstanding! I couldn't put it down. Great writing with a story that kept my attention all the way to the end
Couldn't put it down!  An amazing story of the struggle for survival in Germany occupied France during WW II.
The best in historical fiction.  I wanted to learn more about the plight of the French during WWII. Loved it.
Outstanding read!  Tragic reading events of WW2 in France w/occupation of Germans during that period of time.
Very clear and suspenseful tale about WW2 and those who took risks to survive and to help others do the same.
The book was well written and made it hard to put down.<br/>I couldn't wait to finish it to see what happens
Couldn't put this put down. Beautuful and haunting. It will stay with me always. Have a box of tissues ready!
This was a mesmerizing book with lots of dramatic history and compelling characters.  I couldn't put it down.
One of the better books of the past year. Well written wonderful characters. I hated the Nazis by book's end.
Excellent view of WWII from another perspective. Well written, historically accurate. Would recommend highly.
This was an excellent book. Kristin Hannah is one of my favorite authors. This book is intense, but touching.
Excellent historically based novel. Beautifully written. Depicts the horror and heartbreak of WWII in France.
Fantastic book! I couldn't put it down. Another great one by Kristin Hannah! A must read by every Hannah fan!
Best book I've read in a while. Couldn't put it down. Best book she has written. Full of heart, well written.
Should be number 1 on one's reading list.  The story and character development are superb.  Highly recommend.
One of the best books I've read. A real page turner that will keep you up until the wee hours of the morning!
Great writer!A book to have and give away for a breathtakingstory!<br/>To be recommended! A book to dive in!
I thoroughly enjoyed this fictional book that took place in a time of history that I knew very little about.
I really liked this book.  The story moved along giving the reader a picture of France and the French in WW2
Absolutely loved it.  Riveting story, heartbreaking, "can't put it down" writing.  Recommend highly.
A good review to remind us of those horrible years so many of our parents and friends lived and lost during!
Disturbing but probably pretty accurate portrayal of life during WWII.  We must never let this happen again.
Best book I've read in a long time. Loved the characters. Made me cry several times. Very sad when it ended.
It was a very depressing story, but I needed to keep reading to know the out come. It was very well written.
A truly inspiring and wonderful story! Makes me fall in love with love again and finding the true soul mate.
I enjoyed both the historical and fictional aspects of this book. I especially enjoyed the twist at the end!
Wonderful story. Could not put it down.  It tells the horrors of war and the love that survived.  Must read.
Great read! Loved to learn about women's role in WWII, and the love that made the pain worth living through.
Fiction but a great story about the hardships suffered by ordinary French people during the Second World War
Loved this book.  Great historical fiction about World War II.  A lot of sad parts, but an uplifting ending.
Learned so much about the French! I didn't want the book to be over, yet I wanted that consuming war over!!!
I was hesitant to purchase another WWII book, but this one was significantly different. I really enjoyed it!
Loved it!!!! It was very well written. Kept me interested and loved the power and endurance women had in WW2
This  was an exceptionally moving and engrossing narrative.  I was moved to tears and yet joyful at the end.
I highly recommend this book. Slow start but once I got into he storyline, I couldn't put it down. Gripping.
I very much liked the story of the war years, but I did not like the omission of how they wond up in Oregon.
This book is more then 5 stars. I couldn't put it down and totally sucked me in. I will be rereading this!!!
Great story with a fantastic ending that brought tears to my eyes. It was worth the extra money to download.
I love the way this story was written. Joy, sadness, love and family interwoven in a can't put it down book.
Hannah is a very good writer. This book has a lot of heroism but also a lot of suffering--in fact I think more suffering than heroism. Every novelist creates his or her world in the image of their own soul--good writers are not journalists but creators. Hannah seems to think suffering is most worth stressing. I do not. Some would argue that stressing suffering makes the book "deeper." I do not agree. It makes the book darker.  Those who are ok with lots of suffering along with the heroism should be happy with the book. But this is not the type of book that I enjoy.
well written fast moving book that has many twists and turns to the story that has a historical background.
I loved every minute of this story.  It touched my heart and soul until the very last word.  It is a prize.
A moving story of love, compassion, and bravery.  Would any of us have the courage to do what must be done?
So moving. What an incredible book! A great  education on the French resistance during the Nazi occupation.
So far I have really enjoyed the read.  However, I am only half way through it but find it very compelling.
This one grabs you from the beginning, and doesn't let go until the end.  Even now, I wish there were more.
This was an excellent historical novel with complex characters that was set in occupied France during WWII.
Her characters were so real. I felt like I was there wanting to save them all.  Couldn't put the book down.
World War II as two sisters lived through it, with all the evil and some lovely goodness. A tale well told.
This book is one of the best written books I have ever read! I lived every emotional moment she described !
I cried all the way through this book. The author really brings to life what life must've been like then...
Wonderful and well written.  It gave me insight into the plight of the French during the German occupation.
Made being down with bronchitis enjoyable and gave me a chance to find the time to read this excellent book
It is a great book that makes you feel like you are there with them. What those people went thru is amazing
Great book. Didn't want it to end.  Would make a great movie<br/>One of her best books. You won't be sorry
Beautifully developed characters and a captivating storyline. My emotions ran amok, as though I were there.
Another wonderful novel by Kristin Hannah.  I couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end.  A must read!
Loved it.  I really enjoy historical fiction anyway, but two different perspectives from sisters - awesome.
This story reminds us that not every hero gets a medal and sometimes they are closer to us than we realize.
Amazing that's all I can say!  This book would be a fantastic movie. Love love love love love love - Bobbie
It is so good I am reading and rereading it for the sheer pleasure of the prose and the story in itself...
A very well written and compelling tale of two sisters and their journey during World War 2. A must read!!
An excellent book.  The author is so talented. I was saddened to see it end.  I would highly recommend it.
This was a very sad read and needs to be read by everyone to understand what WAR does to the human spirit.
This is such a well written book. I cried at the end. The characters were riviting the story was profound.
Love WWII books and this one did not disappoint.  It was a different view of,the war. I really enjoyed it.
Very sad book to read, very well researched, episodes of german cruelty inflicted upon the french in WW II
Great writing - well researched - quite touching as are most of Kristen Hannah, one of my favorite writer.
Moving narrative about the deprivations suffered by French civilians during the German occupation of WW 2.
Not the best written book, but a really interesting story that had me sobbing at the end. I'd say read it!
Every one who has time to read ,should this book. My  granddaughter recommend this book to me& I loved it!
If not the best so far, this is one of the greatest novels I've read. I highly recommend it to any reader.
Amazing! And I am not really much for reading but I read this whole book in 3 days! Could not put it down!
Could not put this book down although I have read many books that centered on wars this novel was rivoting
Such a great read!  I did not want to put the book down.  The ending was very emotional and a great twist!
I could not put this book down. Well written and thought out in detail. I will read more from this author!
Heartbreaking.  Heartwarming.  Story that truly shows thst most people are much much more than they appear
Beautifully written.  A definite page turner ... I couldn't put it down.  Would read another novel by her.
Terrific read; historical fiction is a great genre, especially WWII; be ready with the Kleenex at the end.
I loved this book.  Tears are in my eyes as I finished it.  I recommend this book, read it on my vacation.
Absolutely loved it ! She does such a great job with characters and excruciating plots. Highly recommended
Better read than expected...I was tired of war stories but this was excellent. My book club loved it also.
The historical setting is fascinating and horrifying. Too bad the writing is so tedious. Show, don't tell.
This is a wonderful book!  It will bring tears to your eyes at many times throughout.  Highly recommended.
I could not put this book down. I carried it every where with me just in case I had a free minute to read.
I truly enjoyed this novel, and I learned so much about the German occupation of France. Exceptional read!
Absolutely, positively fantastic book.Very, very sad but, very very powerful.  Would definitely recommend.
Interesting perspective on WWII....kept the reader engaged.  Characters were very sympathetic.  Recommend.
I haven't enjoyed a book this much is quite awhile. Beautiful.<br/>It is a book u won't forget  I promise
It was a wonderful read, couldn't put the book down.  I cried so much and to me that is when I love a book
An exciting and heart-breaking story of Nazi-occupied France and the choices that two sisters have to make.
Could not put this book down!  Didn't want the story to end!  Well written....great character development.
An outstanding read. Been a long time since I was so emotionally involved in a story! Highly recommend it.
This book made me laugh and cry, it's an amazing story.  I loved it, and would highly recommend it to all.
Best book I've read in the last couple of years. I hated for it to end. Kristin Hannah writes beautifully.
Just finished reading this book. Very easy read and hard to put down. Wish it was about 1000 pages longer.
Loved it. Great mix of history and fiction. Cried my eyes out at the end. I would definitely recommend it.
Very interesting story. Couldn't put it down. Not gorgeous prose, but good writing and well worth reading.
Really enjoyed the book it kept you wanting to read more to find out the fates of the characters involved.
I think this is Kristin Hannah's best book that I have read. I definitely will recommend it to my friends.
I was engrossed in the story of the two sisters and the way they each fought for what they felt was right.
I have not cried after reading a book in a long time, but<br/>this one had such feeling. just loved it!!!
Kristin Hannah is a wonderful writer and I really enjoyed The Nightingale.  I have liked all of her books.
Best book I have read in years. Couldn't put it down. I am going to recommend it to relatives and friends.
This is a wonderful testament to the resilience of women and the sacrifices we make for those we hold dear
Who knew some of the most unsung hero's were women, just like you and me- they enabled the next generation
Well-written, engaging story! Didn't want it to end, even though the storyline was sad. Highly recommend!
Excellent story about what the Jewish people of France went through during the German Occupation of WWll.
A spell-binding novel. Could not put it down, and was sad when I had read it all. Was sobbing at the end.
really good book about WWII.  I was very intrigued by all of the different roles that were in the novels.
I am tired of WWII novels. I read this because of the novel she wrote  The Magic Hour which was terrific.
very well written; a realistic protrayal of the issues facing the citizens of occupied France during WW 2
Its been a very long time since I've read a book this good. A beautiful, touching page turner to the end.
Great book! Loved all the characters, you truly care about them as the book progresses. A wonderful book.
This was a great book.  Very suspenseful and also very sad in some parts.  I would highly recommend this.
Great book! Strong women characters with their view of the war and what they endured with their children.
It was a most enjoyable read although the subject matter was deep but it showed how the human can endure.
What an amazing book; it tells the personal story of sisters in France and what they did to survive WW 2.
A beautifully written story of the horrors of WW2 intertwined with a tale of undying love and commitment.
Wow!  Don't want this one to end.  Wonderful story about strong people standing against Hitler in France.
I cried, I got angry, I felt sad and I went through all the emotions while reading the book.  It is good.
This was a gray book. The storyline mixed with history keep me reading. Didn't want to put the book down.
This was an incredible blood. Couldn't put Tim down and was sad when i finished it. By far her best book.
Book was a little slow to start, but once it got me - I was hooked! I really enjoyed it & I recommend it.
Great book! Fascinating story of the lives of two sisters during Nazi occupation of Paris during the war.
It really brought to life the horrors of WW2 in France. It tells the story from a personal point of view.
Such a beautifully written book!!  It's as if you can just see the story unfold as you read it!!! LOVED!
This book captures your attention from the start, i couldnt put it down, i wanted to find out the ending
Extremely well written, well developed, interesting characters, historical content adds to your interest
I absolutely loved this book!  Our book club read it and everyone in the group thought it was wonderful!
I love historical fiction and this is the best book I've read in years. I want to re-read it again soon.
Riveting story that enlightens the reader with the atrocities of war and the bravery of common citizens.
A really amazing story. I enjoy reading about the heroism of people in the Resistance Movements in WWII.
Surprisingly good novel. Beautiful WW2 story. Would not normally read war novels but this was different.
This author always gives a great read on a variety of subjects.  Winter Garden is my hands down favorite
Excellent Read!  Really enjoyed the characters in the story.  NOT easy to put down once you get started!
GREAT BOOK - it is easy to forget mankind's inhumanity to mankind AND the power of love to transcend it.
This was my first book by this author, but it will not be my last! I loved the story and the characters.
Extremely well written - a moving story about courage and love.  Tears of joy and sadness in this novel.
Saw France in WW 2 in a different way. Also easy to read as well as exciting. Highly recommend this book
I loved this book.  It truly makes you feel and understand the losses and hardships people went through.
This was a heart wrenching book. I love historic novels and this is one of my favorites". Learned a lot!
Awesome! Very touching! I cried a great deal but so real and the awfulness that was reality for so many!
Great book. Historical fiction is my favorite type of read. This is an easy read, but a good one. Enjoy!
Loved it will recommend to anyone once I started reading I could not put down great story enjoyed very q
We have all read books that have touched our heart and shredded it to pieces, this is one of those books
Very touching and heart rendering moving story.  May we never forget the suffering of so many millions.
Took a few chapters for me to get really involved in the story, but once I did - wow!  Beautiful story.
I didn't know much about  life during  the Holocaust in France. I cried during the entire last chapter.
Every time I read a wwii novel it is a reminder of how terrible life was and how we never want a wwiii.
Excellent book!!  The story twisted and turned but kept my total interest.  Didn't want to put it down.
Loved this book. Wonderful character development. Definitely emotional and moving.  Keep tissues handy!
Of the hundreds of books I've read in my lifetime, The Nightingale has earned its way into my top five.
such a powerful,sad and yet I'm sure realistic story of France during the war .  I couldn't put it down
This is my new favorite book!  Such a touching and eye-opening story.  I couldn't seem to put it down !
The cruel truth of war.  It takes away our humanity.  We must not forget that we gain nothing from war.
Great historical novel. I learned a lot about what it was like living in France under the natzi regime.
Great book.  One of the best I've read about World War Two.  Interesting from the French point of view.
Very good.  Hard to read at times, realizing this actually happened to many people, women and children.
This book was so good. I stayed up all night to finish it. The story is engaging and moves right along.
Extremely well written... Heart touching.... But ultimately has lots of sadness besides lots if heroism
This is one of the best book I've read in years.  Excellent story with good depiction of the war years.
A very good novel using gathered facts about the side of WW II that we don't usually get to hear about.
I didn't want to put it down. Great picture into the lives of those in France during that horrible war.
The Nightingale had me captured right from the start.. I didn't want it to end.  Definitely five stars!
This is far and away the best book I've read in ages. The story is unique and the writing is masterful.
Powerful!  I'm not normally a fan of historical fiction, but I was  enthralled!  Couldn't put it down.
Excellent reminder of what the Parisians went through during the war and some of their heroic efforts.
Loved this story.  Held my attention from beginning to end.  Would read another book by Kristin Hannah
Excellent story, amazing story of two sisters in France during WWII.  Was sorry to have the story end.
Excellent! Even though the topic is dark, the story was engrossing and I did not want the book to end.
Loved the book! I love historical fiction. It's set in France in WWII and was clearly well researched.
Beautifully  written, engrossing and heartbreaking.  I will definately  read more of Ms Hannah's work.
A good read.  Another reminder of the atrocities of World War 2 and the devastation to people's lives.
I didn't want this book to end.  Loved it!!  I have recommended it to anyone who will listen.  Great!!
iI thought it was a great story but I would like to know how much of it was taken from real happenings
Excellent book with much to think about and lessons to be learned.  Couldn't put it down. A MUST read.
Has to be the best book I have ever read. The most riveting story ever. Thank you , thank you so much.
I have read many Kristin Hannah books and thoroughly enjoyed them, but this was by far her best yet 😊
Sorry was very well written and portrayed a picture of what people went through in families in France.
This was a wonderful book that was "not a put down"......it was a page turner....;Betty DiMare
wonderful read.......twist at the end.....good characterization.....historically factual.....loved it.
The Nightingale is a fantastic book to read.<br/>I couldn't put it down.<br/>Bravo....to the author!
This one of the best books I've read in many years. It is must read for every one. You won't be sorry.
Wonderful read! I couldn't put it down at times. Would definitely recommend "The Nightingale."
I loved it.  Great story and some insights into history and the devastation war can have on a country.
Excellent book.  Very well written.  This book should be a required read for all high school students.
I am a huge Kristin Hannah fan and The Nightingale did not disappoint. I was taken in with every word.
Amazingly well developed characters. A beautiful story of love and survival. I could not put it down!
A well-written story, the author wasn't afraid to take on some of the very dark aspects of the story.
A well written story of WWII from a different point of view. Would read more by this author.  Try it.
great book that's done differently than other books about the same time. didn't want to stop reading!
Book written to give you a good idea what it was like to live in an occupied country during war time.
The Nightingale grabs you from the first page and remains interesting right to the end. I loved it's!
It was excellent.  Not as well written as I has hoped, but an excellent story.  Couldn't put it down!
I could not put it down.  I read this book in one day.  Needless to say no chores were done that day.
This book had me going back in time and did a beautiful job of sharing the lives of two heroic women.
Thought-provoking novel that has stayed on my mind long after I read it. A worthwhile, poignant read.
Beautifully written.  I could not put the book down.  I loved the ending. Highly recommend this book.
What a wonderful book! One of the best I've read in a long time, made me remember why I love reading.
Just kept me interested the whole way through. What a great story of courage and fortitude. Loved it!
It was a wonderful story, but the character development and writing style were a bit unsophisticated.
Great story about two versions of courage. Appealing and realistic portrayals of two different women.
Excellent story of life in France during World War II and the life of two sisters who endured the war
This is a great book with a great plot; not just another world war 2 story.  A truly good story.  Pat
Excellent read! A real page turner and great insight into the lives of the French people during WW11.
Loved the story of survival, love and sacrifice that took place in France during WW II. A must read!
Best book I've read in a long time. Their were no dull moments and the twist at the end was perfect.
Captivating story of the brave people in the French Resistance. It would make a great series on PBS.
Yes, another WWII  Nazi/French story yet done somehow differently...beautifully written page turner.
A very powerful look at the lives of those affected by the war. Great character and beautiful story.
Excellent novel. Really thought provoking. Great insight on those who endured the atrocities of WWII
Very enjoyable well written read if you like WWII story lines with an emphasis on French resistance.
Gripping from start to finish.  Author developed the characters beautifully.  Could not put it down.
I had a hard time with character development but a third of the way in I was enjoying it thoroughly.
Great book from start to finish, thankful that I did not hVe to live under the tyranny of the Nazis.
A love story. Love for people and country that I wish more of us in America had today. So inspiring.
Wonderful story. Keeps your interest & has unexpected surprises.<br/>Best book I've read this year.
I am a voracious  reader. I never  felt compelled to write a review before now Great read! Loved it!
A pretty accurate account of a very disturbing part of history. Written with depth and understanding
I thought this book was superb.  Ignore anything else that you read that I might have written.  I was doing two reviews and got this one confused with the book titled Grey.....which was really not so good.  So Sorry for misleading anyone.  I found the Nightingale a super read.
The book was a great read.  It developed the characters very well and was hard to put down at times.
Heart warming emotional book. It kept me on my toes and in tears. It was beautiful. A must read book
Doped good book. I've told all my friends it is a must read. Love all of her books that I have read.
Great story line and probably a lot of truth to those who lived through occupied France during WWII.
I loved this book so much that I took a day off from work and everything else to read it to the end.
Excellent story depicting the personal struggles of two sisters during the Nazi take over of France.
I love Kristin Hannah books, but this one was not as exciting or easy to read as most of her others.
One if the best one ever read. Normally too lazy to write reviews, but I want EVERYONE to read this!
I'm not a huge fan of period books but this story is great because of the family dynamics and story.
Was really hard to putting this book down, this book will stay in my thoughts for some time to come.
This is an outstanding  book. It tells a story that stays with you long after the last page is read.
Gripping tale about what life in France under Nazi occupation was like. Couldn't put this book down.
Absolutely riveting.  Like  going back in time. Loved the heros and heroines. Couldn't  put it down.
I thought it was a little slow in places. Not as good as the other Kristin Hannah books I have read.
I read this book in 2 days and loved every page! I'm writing this while still wiping away the tears!
A true story very well written by a women about  French women who were true heroines.in world war 2.
Amazing read!! It really felt like I went back in time. Loved how I had an OMG moment!! Great read!!
This was a very good book I really like these kinds of stories from WW ll.  Buy it!  You'll like it!
Wonderful, touching account of sisters during WW2.  Couldn't put it down.  Finished it in two days..
I loved every page of this well written novel.  I Cried hard at the end.  Hope this becomes a movie.
A good read, and another look at what prewar/and WWII, did to the millions of European<br/>people.
This is a great read from start to finish! I am a huge fan of Kristen Hannah!  A must read for all!
One of the best books I have ever read.  I'm sure it will be a movie in the not too distant future.
Could not put it down - yet did not want to finish it.  It was like poetry with an excellent story.
Loved it even though parts were heart wrenching to read knowing those atrocities really did happen!
Grabbed me from the beginning!  Couldn't put it down!  Love the twists and turns in the story line!
Historically enlightening. This gives insight to the lives of French people living under the Nazis.
Read many WW2 stories, this was very well written with great character development.  Truly enjoyed!
Amazing. Lost hours of sleep to finish. I cried. I feel blessed with my easy life. Love this book!!
I had two different friends email me to read this book. I'm SO glad I did.  It does not disappoint.
Best book I've read in a long time.  Should come with a box of Kleenex, though.. . . . .many tears.
I would highly recommend this book to someone who likes boys about history and what came before us.
Outstanding!  Even though it is fiction, it has a part of French history I was not really aware of.
Could not put the book down. Well researched, historical facts with human approach. Wow, well done.
Loved the book. The women were so strong to survive. Kept your interest through out the whole book.
Kristin Hannah is one of the best writer. This is an emotional read.  I couldn't not put it down...
Heart wrenching saga from France during German occupation. Strong women characters which I enjoyed.
Outstanding. Cannot say enough good things about how well it was written. Kristin is very talented.
At the top of her game with this book.  Well written, very interesting story.  Highly recommend it.
Beautifully written, terrifying story of two sisters during Second World War. Couldn't put it down.
A very compelling story of women and men responding in a variety of ways to horrific circumstances.
A Must Read<br/>Could not put it down. Can identify with each character. Was rooting for each one.
Best book that I have read in a long time. This really is a must read book. Perfect book club read.
Great read! The story was masterfully written, compelling, and unforgettable. Couldn't put it down.
Great book - highly recommend it !  Great insight as to what happened in France during World war II
I loved all the characters. They are also true to themselves.  I was so sad when the book was over.
I loved this book! Was transported to WW2 France. I was so into it, I stayed up til 2 am one night.
This was a wonderful book with a lot of history. It was hard to put down once I started reading it.
This book was excellent. At the end I was crying. There are not many books that I get so emotional.
You will miss these two women when the story is over, and they will be on your mind for days after.
A book that creates understanding for people living in war zones and the resilience of some people.
Excellent book - I highly recommend it - hated to see it end. Very interesting perspective of WWII.
Truly enjoyed this book.  Kristin Hannah's portrayal of life in France during WWII was eye-opening.
The best I have read in many years.  I absolutely could not put it down.  I am exhausted and teary.
A great story. Tears were shed in this book. A touching story of survival and love in times of war.
Best book I have read in a long time.  It paints a good picture of so many perspectives of the war.
Could put it down, start to finish. A must read. Once you read this book, you will never forget it.
To bad I cannot write this on my PC because My tablet takes too much time.  Amazon should fix this.
Really enjoyed the story, especially the strong female characters.  The ending was a nice surprise.
This book was excellent.  An interesting and heart wrenching story. Characters were well developed.
I'm only 2/3rd's of the way through this book, but I highly recommend it.  Deserves many accolades.
One if those books you can't wait to see how it ends and find yourself sad when it does. Read it!!!
EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT!  Couldn't put it done. Everyone that I have loaned it to says the same thing!
Such an interesting story and so well written. Shed some tears but thought it was a very good book.
I like every bit and piece of the book.  I have not read a book that as kept this engaged for ages.
Husband liked it very much and I'm looking forward to reading it after reading tne Boys in the boat
Didn't know which sister went to the reunion in Paris. So it was not clear until closer to the end.
I have read all of Ms Hannah's books and she gets better every time . I enjoyed this book immensely
Transported me to a real place and time experienced by my parent's generation, beautifully written.
Thought it was going to be "fluffy" when it started. It ended up being a really good story!
Love stories based in WWII and this was one of the best, on par with All the Light You Cannot See.
Fabulous!  Deeply moving, so emotional I had to put it down often as I read it.  Highly recommend!
This was a great read! It's important that we have these stories retold to ensure we NEVER forget!
I enjoyed the book very much and wanted to know what was going to happen at evert step of the way.
First time reader of Kristin Hannah. Absolutely LOVED this book! It's heartbreaking and inspiring.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  My book club loved reading and discussing this.
I learned about the French involvemment in WW11 and how women helped in the war.  Different slant!
One of the best novels I have ever read ....I couldn't put it down ! Amazing characters and story.
This story was very powerful. I really enjoyed this book. Guys don't let the title scare you away.
A good read.  Makes you think about the world situation today with all the people being displaced.
Great story but a little exaggerated as to real life and the strength of a family to really endure
Excellent book.  Well worth reading, and understanding more about France's involvement in the war.
Very well written and a page turner, although not a happy story.....it ended as happy as it could!
How can one tell such an incredible story in 400 or so pages? You will not be able to out it down.
War is hell and as a woman reading how the women endured, it is enlightening, encouraging and sad.
Absolutely wonderful!  I loved the author's writing and the story held you interest until the end.
One of the best books I have read .  Characters well developed, great story line, well researched.
Recommend to me by friends. Told I would not put it down and that was the truth. Absolutely great.
This is a powerful, well written look from a perspective we rarely see. I will be recommending it.
Excellent writing.  Holds interest.  Gives another view of time period with bit of surprise ending
Crying too hard to write. A must read. My first review and I read a book a week, a fabulous story.
Such a great read was disappointed when it finished.  Would totally recommend this book to anyone.
Had a bit of a time getting into the book, but once I did I couldn't put it down....very very good
Interesting read.  Very depressing but certainly was an example of what was going on at that time.
If you liked "The Book Thief," you'll enjoy "The Nightingale."  Quite a good read.
Excellent read. Everyone should read this book of you are interested in life during the nazi reign
Fabulous book from start to finish.  Looked forward to bed time, so I could snuggle up and read 😊
Great story about family and your one true love!  I see great possibility for follow-on story  :o)
One of the best books I've ever read... Stayed on my mind weeks after I finished reading it. Love!
She is such an amazing author. I loved this book. It is one of my favorites. Very hard to put down
Loved reading this book.  Just be sure to have a box of kleenex on hand for the last few chapters.
Brought back many memories ,mostly sad, for those of us old enough to have lived through that era.
Keep a box of Kleenex handy!  I am of the generation who lived during the time frame of this book.
It is a very good book for young people who are not knowledgeable about France in WWII.<br/>Nancy
A must read for anyone interested in the heroism of the French Resistance in Nazi Occupied France.
Moving story.  Delivers as anticipated.  Excellent ending.  Would and have recommended to others.
What an incredible journey!  Loved the story, the characters, the imagery, and the writing style!
Another insightful story about the Nazi regime. Such monsters. Would love to see this as a movie.
Best WW2 book I've ever read. Illustrates the perspective from the French people's point of view.
This was hard to put down.  Well-written historical fiction...best Kristin Hannah book I've read.
I recommend this book for anyone. It is a different way of looking at a horrible war. I loved it.
Very well written.  A wonderful and inspiring story.  We can't forget what our ancestors endured.
If you like historical fiction or books set in France or World War 2, this is a good one for you.
I just thought it was a wonderful book.  My book club read it and we were all moved by the story.
Read it cover-to-cover in 2 afternoons. This book quickly became one of my favorites of all time.
I do not usually read wartime stories.  This book caught my attention and I couldn't put it down.
A True Heart of A Woman, " In Love we find out who we want to be; in War we find out who we are."
I enjoyed this book.  Similar to a lot of WWII books that take place in small villages in France.
Loved this book. Historical fiction, but very eye opening to the horrors of Nazi occupied France.
I'm love Kristen Hannah and must say this is now my favorite book by her! I couldn't put it down!
Captivating read. Authors creates believable word pictures. It was a book that I hated to finish.
fairly fast-paced, good character development.  It does a great job of drawing you into the plot.
Outstanding character portrayal with interesting twists during a familiar period of WWII history.
Beautifully written, and uncomplicated with too many characters.  I really appreciated the story.
What an amazing book! A very different writing for Kristin Hannah but she did an exceptional job.
i really enjoyed it.  I love historical fiction and this was a wonderful mix of love and history!
A must read beautufly written book of love, tragedy, family, relationships and bonds. Loved it!!!
This was a gripping story from WW II, I read a lot of these but found this one to be exceptional.
A must read book for everyone.  Absolutely amazing story.  The best book Hannah has ever written.
Well written with a big surprise ending. A story of hardship and courage of civilians during WWII
This is one of the best books I've ever read. Amazing from the beginning to the end. A must read.
This is a wonderful book! It describes a part of WWII that is not written in many history books.
I couldn't put the book down. It was so well written and I learned a great deal more about WWII.
I really loved this book - had trouble to stop reading when it was time to go go sleep at night!
Very good writing. The story started slow and had some predictable places but ended wonderfully.
A beautiful yet painful reminder of the pain and suffering which occurred in France during WWII.
Really absorbing. I couldn't put it down. It's hard to believe what women go through in wartime!
Very good book to read. It taught me a lot about WW II and the involvement of the French people.
Wonderful story with a lot tragedy.  I really enjoyed the story of the two sisters.  War is hell
Well written book, well described historic events. Requires a box of tissues to finish the book.
Just the best. I had no idea how the French people even survived the tragic things done to them.
It was so good, I didn't want it to end.  Probably one of the best books that I have ever read!!
Loved this story of 2 very different women finding their way through impossible times. Loved it!
A moving story of two sisters caught in the German invasion of France in WWII. Superbly written.
Loved this book. Great story and a page turner!!<br/>Also really like Kristin Hannah's writing.
One of the most incredible books I have ever had the pleasure of reading!  Love, love, love it!!
Good, interesting book about WWII in France. We must always remember what all of Europe endured!
This book stayed with me long after reading it. Her books always touch my heart. Simply amazing!
Another war story but visually added by the wonderful writing of Hannah.<br/>Highly recommended
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time! So engrossing I finished it in 2 days.
Loved how Kristin's characters were so alive and real!  Great job and good historical reference.
A beautifully written book.  Exciting story, well developed characters, and a satisfying ending.
A heartbreaker but also a great opportunity to see a different aspect of WWII, the role of women
Learning about civilian life during the occupation during the Second World War was a revelation.
A captivating story. Well written. I recommend this to anyone who still likes to read about WW2.
I really enjoyed this book. It's an interesting perspective on WWII in France. Highly recommend.
Excellent book True in what was happening during World War II  it was also dark during that time
A slow start, but ended up being I couldn't put it down.. A great read, definitely recommend it.
Great read.  Already reading another from this author.  Style and reality of story is done well.
This book will live in your soul.  I haven't been so moved by a book in years.  An amazing work.
This was a great read.  I enjoyed this book tremendously and found myself not wanting it to end.
It was a very good book . the writing style of the author was simple which made it easy to read.
This book was great. I enjoyed it greatly and any one else who read it thought it was wonderful.
This book is an addicting read.  It is a great story of love for family and love for human kind.
Wonderfully informative from the prospective of the French during the German invasion of France.
phenomenal writing, superb prose, great characters! All in all one of the best reads many years!
Couldn't put it down, a hard lol at the lives of people dispar and hope. When the world went Mad
This was a very enjoyable read!  I would recommend this to anyone who likes historical fiction.
Captivating WW II story set in France. Explores the human choices to made under brutal fascism.
Plot and subplots are intriguing with memorable characters. The story and history are haunting.
This is the best book I've read in several years. Kristin Hannah has done a masterful job here.
I recommend this book to everyone. It is a story of courage and love in the midst of war. Bravo
The best book I have read in a long time. Wanted to start all over again the minute I finished.
Loved re-learning about that period of the war and how the French people endured the hardships.
One of the best books I've read recently. I love historical fiction, and this measured up well.
Great book!  Suspense, drama, love story, educational......  This book has it all.  Great read!
I was totally into the book from beginning to end. It was a great story and I cried at the end.
Great read. This was picked for the book club I just joined. Loved it and couldn't put it down.
Phenomenal!!! Riveted as inured every page. Must read for anyone who likes historical fiction!!
This was a good story. I found it very slow to start but the second half improved considerably.
If you enjoy WW11 novels, you will love this book.  One of the best I have read of this period.
This was a great book from start to finish. Never a dull moment or lull. Highly recommended it.
It was a great book.  But then I have never read anything by Kristin Hannah that was not good!!
Fabulous in every way.  Great writing,wonderful character development.  I couldn't put it down.
This is absolutely her best book. I totally loved it! I have recommended to many of my friends.
I am no history buff. You can read this book and learn as you enjoy! It is exciting! I promise!
I enjoyed the book also graphic It was a good read.<br/>she reminded me of the horrors of war.
This was my choice for book club and everyone loved it.  I would definitly recommend this book.
Loved this book. While it was sad about WWII in France, it was a great story about two sisters.
I really felt like I was living in WWII France. Couldn't put it down and it has stayed with me.
This book was amazing Omg I could not but it down but left me so so sad inside , a great read !
Loved this book. Another Hannah favorite.  I love everything this lady writes.  Fantastic book.
Too much time to repeat the standing in lines for food for food motif...over killed that point.
Outstanding!  I love historically-based fiction, and this is one of the best books I have read.
he Nightingale had me captivated.  I will recommend it to our book club for a great discussion.
I loved it.  Beautifully written. A wonderful story that really needs to be told-especially now
Kept me interested and waiting for the next thing. Good historical background and strong women.
One of the best books I've ever read.  Couldn't put it down.  Didn't want it to end.  A winner.
I could not put the book down.  Sometimes difficult as it was about WWII, but so well written.
great read.....touching story of the hardships and sacrifices people made during World War II.
Everyone should read books like this to try to understand how lucky we are to have a good life
Quite a different book for Kristin Hannah, but is one of her best.  She is my favorite author.
Well written.  Good character development.  Everyone in our Book Club said it was a good read.
Great book. Was sorry when it ended. have recommended it to all my friends and family.<br/>CJ
This is a wonderful book.  I always thought of Kristen Hanna's books as beach  Not this one...
Wonderful story about how two sisters went different directions during World War II in France.
Loved this informative view of France during WWII. Shows there are no easy choices during war.
This is an amazing historical novel that will keep one interested throughout the entire novel!
A Beautiful read!! Tears and more tears ~ so moving you cannot put it down. A race to the end!
A moving, suspenseful story, very well written.  I loved the drama and humanity of this novel.
Liked the characters, liked the story - thought the writing was dreadful and distracting . . .
A beautiful portrait of human spirit and what one can endure and another can inflict. Haunting
I always have been interested in ww2  In this case is interesting to learn of occupation zones
I loved it.  It is so different from all of her other books, which I have also read and loved.
This book was awesome! What a tragic time that was. Kristen did a great job with her research.
Audible book:  Loved it!  Impressive reading and story telling.  I highly recommend this book.
I fell in love with each person in this story and, at 99%, wept for them both in joy and pain.
One of the best books I have read lately. Kristin Hannah's books are always a delightful read!
Beautiful story.  You feel like you are right there living in Carriveau.  The story haunts me.
Best book I have read in a while.  A must read!  I couldn't put it down.  Such a lovely story.
Great book ! Did not anticipate the conclusion! Highly recommend for students of WW 2  history
This book was very good all throughout the book - until the ending which was not handled well.
Get piece of historical fiction. Good story that gives you a prespective in life in that area.
I just learned of the author in February and on my 4th book. How did I miss this? Great reads.
This was one of the best books I have read, and I plan to order more of this author's books!!!
I read this book in 2 days.  An all time record for me.  It was disturbing and yet up lifting.
It was heart wrenching. Anyone who knows history also know that there was so much truth in it.
A pleasant surprise from Kristin Hannah. Much deeper and more thoughtful than her past novels.
A poignant story , how two sisters overcame difficult challenges amidst the war in their city.
A real page turner and great look at history the way it was in France during WW2....great read
Some episodes a bit unlikely.  Most things wrapped up at the end for a "happy" ending.
Great book! Captures your attention quickly and keeps you from putting it down! Very touching!
This is one of my fav books.  Beautiful writing.  With all the loss of war, a redeeming story.
Very interesting with the writing from the slant of the French who endured the trials of WWII.
Another great example of how Kristin Hannah will touch your heart and keep you wanting more!!!
A typical ww11 book with a different slant, from a different prospective.. Did enjoy it fully.
Heartbreaking to read, yet give the true picture of the horror of war.  A story of redemption.
Incredible book!! Hannah weaves love, familial bonds and history throughout this stellar book.
Excellent story -- captures your attention right away and holds on throughout.  A great read!!
Absolutely fascinating story of French occupied towns during WWII .  I loved every part of it!
One of the best I have read about world war two.  I want to read more of Kristin Hannah books.
Best Kristin Hannah book since firefly road. I could not put it down & am sorry it had to end!
This is the best book I have read in a long time. It really doesn't get much better than this.
This is a beautiful, haunting story. It has stayed with me long after I was finished reading.
Awesome book!  Loved learning the history of the war at a ground level account!  Well written
I really enjoyed this novel.  I like historical backgrounds and this one kept me in suspense.
This book was very riveting and very hard to put down<br/>  Exactly the kind of book I love.
Well told story of horrors of WWII through the eyes of one particular ordinary french family.
I have read numerous books written by Kristen Hannah. I think The Nightengale is my favorite.
Fabulous book!  It was a little slow at times but you have to stick with it....it gets great!
Good from start to finish with riveting scenes and history that should be taught to everyone.
Loved this book!  So different from the author's other books!  Would definitely recommend it!
One of the best examples of Historical Fiction I have ever read. I highly recommend this work
Realistic and depressing, but story of the sisters and the bonds of motherhood was inspiring.
Wow. The things I learned about the French Resistance and those brave women. Loved this book.
Excellent book- one of the best reads for me this year.!!<br/>What a wonderful sad sad story
Hard to read with all the negativity, but that was war.  Just wanted it to end the suffering.
A beautifully written story that had me thinking about it days after I had gotten to the end.
I really enjoyed reading this book. Once I started reading this book I could not put it down.
Very good novel written from the French point of view of WWII.  Nicely written and interesting perspective in France.
Excellent book about the Nazi occupation of France and how it affected the ordinary citizens.
Great reading.. Excellent historically ..reaches the heart with a very satisfying conclusion.
Highly recommend this book. The human spirit is captured in all its beauty and all its flaws.
Great read! Hard to put it down! Learned something new about WWII and the French resistance.
Wonderful historical fiction. Great characters, important aspect of the war, worth the read.
This was one of the best books I've read in ages! Kristin Hannah hit a home run on this one!
One of Kristin's best! From the beginning to the beautiful end it was a very enjoyable read.
Have read many WWII stories and this one was one of the most moving.  Have tissue box handy.
I cried several times  the book was so well written you feel like you are part of the family
It was a sad but nice story.  Nothing extraordinary in style, but the story kept me reading.
Very well written. Excellent character development. A page turner that was hard to put down.
it wasa good story line that held my attention.  However, the ending was too perfect for mre
An excellent book!  I love Kristen Hannah, and I think I've read every book she has written.
Kristin Hannah again writes another captivating novel. I thoroughly enjoyed The Nightingale.
I love all of Kristin Hannah' and this is one of the best. You won't be able to put it down.
I read this book in one day...could not put it down!  And now I can't wait to read it again.
Excellent!!!!  I loved it!  I became so attached to the characters, I didn't want it to end!
Another great one from Kristin Hannah. Very thought provoking and it was hard  to  put down.
It was an excellent book. I would recommend this book to anyone. One of Kristin Hannah best.
It has an unexpected end. A very very very good novel, you won't be able to stop reading it
Excellent story and a book I did not want to put down.  I would highly recommend this book!
A compelling read with several surprises. Another perspective on the war. Highly recommend.
Loved the great story and all the interesting characters.  I plan on reading all her books.
One of the best books I have ever read and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading.
an excellent reminder of how awful  war is.  well written.  the characters are captivating.
I could not put this book down. I wanted to finish reading but really didn't want it to end
I really enjoyed this book. Also learned new things about the war !<br/>Highly recommend !
A very interesting historical novel.  Interesting characters and a lot of turns and twists.
It is a wonderful book full of humanity and kindness in a time that was extremely difficult
This is a fabulous story that kept my interest all the way to the end.  Highly recommend!!!
This is the best book I've read all year have told everyone about it. It is heart rendering
well written and enjoyable throghout. Characters vividly portrayed. A good surprise ending.
Historical fiction of WW II. The characters are well written. I enjoyed the book immensely.
I haven't read much about the French Resistance during WWII so this was really interesting.
A really good read. Characters very well drawn.Held my interest throughout the entire book.
Really enjoyed this book.  The author made living in France during World War ll come alive.
I enjoyed reading the book You can visualize the danger and pain that Isabelle went through
Just a Great book that narrates Nazi atrocities trough the experiences of innocent families
Hands down best book I've read in years!! A book I've been recommending to everyone I know.
A different point of view of WWII. Lots of interesting and unexpected twists. Well written.
Great book once I started reading it was non stop reading. One if K. Hannah's better books.
Well written and very emotional.  I couldn't put it down, wondering what would happen next.
wonderful story very well written very very sad story need to read something cheerful after
Such a great story about what happened in France during WWII.  It was so good.  I loved it.
Definitely one of my TOP books. I still think about the characters and miss them! LOVED IT!
This is one of the best WWII family sagas I've ever read.  It held my attention throughout.
I could hardly put it down it's 4:00 in the morning I had to finish it before I went to bed
Good Book!  You really become invested in the story and the characters.  Hard to put down!
Great book. Took about 100 pages to get into it but once you get there, wow. It's amazing.
Pretty engrossing story of two sisters working for the resistance in Nazi-occupied France.
This book did start off a bit slow. But when it got good I finished 30 chapters in 2 days!
The book brought me to tears.  The story is moving and poignant.  Everyone should read it!
By far, one of the best novels I have ever read.  An historical novel of epic proportions.
Telling story.... Loved the two female main characters. Loved the story. Told beautifully.
Excellent read, I didn't want it to end. This is my favorite book my book club has picked.
Entertaining to the very end, just wish it told more about the journey over the mountains.
A sad account of life in France during WW II.....but no different than any war at anytime.
Oh WOW!  I can just stop reading now.  How can any other book ever be as good as this was?
Love all Kristin Hannah's book.  This one is no exception.... It is good from the 1st page
Easy to read, held my interest.  Many surprises throughout the book.  I really enjoyed it!
It's a moving and emotional story. It's been a while since a book has brought me to tears.
Wonderful character development with individual personalities of strengths and weaknesses.
Wonderful book! Hard to put down!  Great great historical story. Highly recommend reading!
Couldn't put it down! Heartbreaking story and I learned so much about the Nazis in France.
Moving and well written!<br/>Can't stop thinking about the characters.  Highly recommend!
A beautiful and refreshing look at WWII, wonderfully crafted around a woman's perspective.
Very dramatic and believable story though it is fiction. The drama is very well developed.
A powerful and moving Novel! May we never forget the horrendous crimes on innocent people.
This was one of the most moving books I have read in a long time. I wanted it to continue.
I couldn't put it down.  I haven't enjoyed a book this much in years! Highly recommend it!
A graphic, moving, believable and well written story set during the end of WWII in France.
Fantastic book!  Story kept moving and held my interest all the way through.  A must read.
Awesome book...yes a novel but I believe alot of it is based on fact for that time period.
Excellent!  Engrossing novel with well developed characters. It was very hard to put down.
. The events of the story are gripping and hold your attention despite  the so-so writing.
Excellent book that kept me interested. I love this genre and this was an excellent find!
Wonderful story you're so transported into the book that it brought me to tears in spots.
Really enjoyed the story and the history lesson of what WW11 was like in occupied France.
Wonderful story. Held my interest and had no filler. Have recommended it to my book club.
Absolutely fabulous read! Could not stop reading this book!! Kristin Hannah is terrific!!
This is a very good read.  It keeps you interested from beginning to end  .  Dee Shkolnik
I couldn't put it down, a great deal of suspence.  Great educaion about the Vichy regime.
wonderful story with real insight into how the French people suffered during World War II
What an incredible book! I love how the story was told. I was captivated the entire time.
Enjoyed every minute. Beautifully written? Love Hannah's books but this was the best yet!
Great book, a tragic and brutal account of the Nazi occupation and the courage to resist.
It was a sit on the edge of your seat adventure. Loved it. Such talented writing is rare.
Excellent character study.  Highly recommend reading.  Grabs your attention and keeps it.
A touching story that was a great read. I like seeing historical accuracy within a novel.
Simply, a good thought provoking read. especially for this generation.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
The story of two sisters during WWII in France and how each resisted the Nazi occupation.
Great book, really makes you stop and think, what you can do, not to let it happen again.
I couldn't put it down. Best book I have read in a long time. I enjoy historical fiction.
Very engaging from start to finish. I was there with the characters throughout the story.
In my top five of best books I have ever read.  It's so  moving.  I couldn't put it down.
Loved the book.  I will look for more books from Kristin Hannah.  Just wish it were true.
VERY READABLE AND MADE ME SO GLAD THE WARS HAVE BEEN KEPT OUT OF THE U.S. BEING OCCUPIED.
What a great story. Intriguing and emotional, a well written book that I hated to finish.
Very interesting book. Focused on how war affects people and changes their lives forever!
Very enjoyable.  If you like to read about the WWII time period, you may enjoy this book.
Interesting story of the French Resistance during World War II and how a family survives.
Really excellent. I could not put it down<br/>I think one of her best!  Highly recommend
Loved this book - so much history to learn about and I feel very lucky to be living now.
Goes by too quickly, wish it had never ended.  Incredible story and written beautifully.
Very good book! Almost felt like a true story. Held my attention through the whole book.
An unforgettable story of the hardship endured by the French people during World War II.
A true page-turner. Couldn't put it down. Recommend to all lovers of historical fiction,
Loved this historical fiction, it was difficult to put down and very much an eye opener.
loved the book.  I felt like I was actually in France and did not want the story to end.
Another new perspecrive for me of the things that people experienced living during WWII.
The book was very true to life and depicted the misery the Jews had to endure. Very sad.
Excellent book! I have recommended this book to friends and to anyone who loves to read!
cried a ton, but this book was a compelling story and had me hooked from start to finish
Really enjoyed this book. I can understand why everyone was telling me I had to read it.
Interesting tale.  Gave a good insight into how WW II impacted ordinary French citizens.
If you like reading another WWII novel, this one is another perspective.  Give it a try.
Couldn't put the book down. The characters remained in my mind when the book was closed.
Kind of soap opera-ish and not especially well written, but interesting story about WW2.
As the story unfolds the writer keeps you glued to the book and the ending is a suprise!
Really good!  Not as good as All the Light We Cannot see, but it was a really good read.
Finally, a woman's perspective on WWII! No battles, plenty of intrigue, powerful ending.
A significant story about WWII in France..  Beautifully written with many twists & turns
Kristin always writes a good book, however this one was so good, I couldn't put it down.
The book is suspenseful and compelling.  I enjoyed it very much -- couldn't put it down.
One of the best books I have read this year. Love the author, will read her other books.
It was well written but heavier of a read than what I was hoping. Another sad war story.
I loved this book!!!  A really good read and everyone I recommended it to felt the same.
. May not be Gone WithvThe Wind but does capture what the hell it was to survive WW II .
An amazing and surprising ending.  This is her best book by far. Would highly recommend.
A great read that takes you to a time in history with real events woven in with fiction.
I highly recommend this book.  I could not put it down.  It's a must for all book clubs.
I loved this book.  I read all of Kristin Hannah's books and this is my favorite so far.
Couldn't put this book down. Stayed up very late at night reading it, but just loved it.
A new slant on WWII and the French involvement to help their countrymen against Germany.
Absolutely wonderful book. Could not put it down. Read it, you will not be disappointed.
loved this book, the sisters' dynamics,the hardships they all endured, well told story!
I've never been inspired to read a book twice, until I finished this book.  Great read!
This book was amazing.  Hannah's writing is some of the best I've read in recent years.
This is probably one of the best if not THE best book I have ever read.  Amazing story.
wonderful book, to me was not predictable, and a heartwarming story with some sad parts
This was a great read and provides a compelling and multidimensional set of characters.
Loved the book.  Easy, but compelling read.  Hated for it to end.  Highly recommend it.
This is one of the best books I have read this year, I recommend it to all my friends!!
This book was so hard to read, but I couldn't put it down at the same time. I loved it.
Don't often shed a tear at the end of a book but I did here. Great read, well written!!
This book is definitely on my top favorite list! Great for discussions at my book club.
excellent story.  Enjoyed the historical aspect of it too.  Highly recommend this book.
Riveting read. Kept you wanting to know what was going to happen next. Hard to put down
Couldn't put this book down. A touching story would recommend it for a book group read.
Great book, couldn't put it down.  Can't wait to read another of Kristin Hannah's book.
FHeld my interest from beginning to end.A long time since I felt that way about a book.
Once again ~ just when you think you read her best...Kristin does it again! Great read!
One of the best books I have read recently. The end left me in tears. Highly recommend.
One of the BEST books I've read in a long time!  I could hardly put in down...LOVED IT!
Excellent read.  Edge of the seat....quite the education the plight of so many in WWII.
A beautiful epic story. Very attractive characters. The story line was so well written.
Amazing book! Riveting from beginning to end. Even if you don't think you like history.
This is the best book I've read in a while.  What a brave young woman, the nightingale.
This was one of the best books I've read this year. It was fast moving and suspenseful.
Beautifully written but sometimes so difficult to read because it was so heartbreaking.
Absolutely one of the best books I've read in a very long time. I couldn't put it down.
One of Kristin Hannah's best books. It was a touching story of family love. A must read
I really enjoyed this book == well developed characters and plot... full of surprises.
It was a story that kept your interest without taking a break. I enjoyed it very much.
I LOVED this story! The last 150 or so pages made it impossible to put this book down.
So beautifully written. Amazing story - loved it! Couldn't put it down. A must read!!!
Amazing book. If you liked all the light you can not see you should love this one too!
Loved this book.  Rich in historical detail.  Characters are at once human and heroic.
I couldn't put the book down. It was wonderful and heartbreaking all at the same time.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It was the best book I have read in a few years.
The story was quite good.  More fiction than historical fiction but still a good read.
Excellent journey into the lives of the folks in the French resistance.  What courage!
Historical and great descriptions of war torn France. Follows the characters perfectly
Well written with interesting and intriguing characters.  A novel you hardly put down!
Great story. Really helps you understand the severe hardships Occupied Europe endured.
Well told, but very sad, story about the atrocities against the Jewish people in WW!!.
Beautiful story. Takes a few chapters to get into but then I could hardly put it down.
Loved it! However the ending was overwhelming with one depressing event after another.
I loved this book.  It was well written and shed more light on the atrocities of WWII.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. Compelling story, beautifully written.
I didn't want to put it down.  The story takes place during WW II, in occupied France.
Clear your schedules before you start to read this book.... Not a book to be put down!
Very good book. Couldn't put it down. Lots of twists and turns, especially at the end.
Loved this book--couldn't put it down. It's one of the best books I've read in awhile.
This was such a good book that I had a hard time putting it down and cried at the end,
This is one of those books you cannot stop reading.  Excellent well developed characters!
Wonderful book. Best book I have read in a long time. Hard to put down for one minute.
This is a book that you do not want to end.<br/>A great tribute to the unsung heroes.
I couldn't put this book down. Have told so many people they have to read it. So good!
Loved this book.  Sad story but so well told.  Excellent read as all of her books are.
fascinating information about he underground in France and great character development
I sincerely enjoyed this book. Written very well. I learned more about WW11 in France.
Loved the book and read it in two days......I read many books about World War II......
This is a wonderful story, hard to read at times, but beautifully written nonetheless.
Fabulous book.  I couldn't put it down and neither could my friends.  We all loved it.
Always have loved her stories but the way she wove in history was once again gripping!
This is a wonderfully written story and think anyone interested in WWII will enjoy it.
Great World War II story.  Very believable.  Had great empathy for all the characters.
My favorite author. My grandparents were in Auschwitz. Heard those stories first hand.
Loved this book! Really lets us know what it was like in occupied France during WWII.
An excellent story, well written with good character development. I really enjoyed it
Great book.  If you like historical fiction you will love it. I couldn't put it down!
Loved the story.  His style is enticing and very different.  It is a very good novel.
I really enjoyed the book.  I didn't know until the end how it was going to come out.
I loved this book.  I have always been a fan of strong, determined, courageous women.
It is the best of Kristin Hannah's books in my opinion and I have loved all her books
read this book and enjoyed it so much that i bought it to give as a gift. great read.
FANTASTIC, INTRIGUING STORY, EXTREMELY WELL-WRITTEN.<br/>HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK.
I felt like I was there in France as I read this book.  I highly recommend this book!
A slow and predictable start but then it did become more suspenseful and interesting.
An exceptional read from the first page.  You will remember this book for a long time
One of the most masterful plot manipulations I have ever had the pleasure of reading.
Gripping and compelling, holds you breathless to the unexpected end. Loved this book.
I really enjoyed this book.  It was hard to put down.  It had many emotions going on.
It was hard to stop listening.  The book was intriguing and the reader was excellent.
A little slow beginning, but turned out to be one of those books I couldn't put down!
I was glued to this!  So well written, I felt I was walking alongside the characters.
The BEST book I've read this year! Incredible story, heartfelt, and just captivating!
I loved this story. It truly kept my attention and warmed my heart with the out come.
Draws you in to places of despair, hope, love & forgiveness....could not put it down.
Excellent book about WW2 and the two French sisters who experienced the horror of it.
Simply a beautifully crafted book. It touched me deeply and I did not want it to end,
My favorite Kristin Hannah book yet.  Very thought provoking.  Could not put it down.
Best book I've read in a few years.  Good character development and captivating plot.
Our Book Club members recently ready this book.  Each of us gave it a 5 star rating:)
I couldn't put it down the story was amazing and i fell in love with the  characters.
A very powerful story showing how the women in France sacrificed during World War II.
I really loved this story mostly for the historical aspects of the French Resistance.
This book is one that i wanted to relish every word! Just loved it!  Hated it to end!
Well  written----had a hard time putting it down<br/>will recommend it to everybody!
Great book and a great story.  It is well written, great plot, and a surprise ending.
Different from other Kristen Hannah books. I loved this one characters had more depth
Very intense; made you want to keep reading.  It was very hard and depressing though.
Very good read. Not usually a fan of this type of book, but was pleasantly surprised!
It was a wonderful read and I did so enjoy this book as I do almost all of her books!
A very nice story. I knew it was fiction but the story and characters became so real.
I read many books, but this definitely was one of the best books that I've ever read.
Well-developed characters. Great story line. Best book that I read for quite a while.
One of the very best books I have read in years!!  Would give it 10 stars if I could!
Historically accurate and hard to stop reading once the story and characters develop.
Difficult<br/>To put down.  Completely engrossing with twists, suspense, and romance
One of the best books I read this year. Could not put this one down. Sob my eyes out.
I thought it was a slow start but really caught my attention about 1/3 of the way in.
I sat up until 2:30am reading because I could not put this book down.  A great story.
One of the best books I have ever read. Outstanding writing. I felt like I was there.
I think this is her best so far.  It kept me enthralled and I could not put it down!!
Excellent story.  She really had her facts right about this dreadful time in history.
Interesting, infomative, gripping, well researched and just a very entertaining read.
I thought this was her best book. Felt like I was going right along with the sisters.
Awesome book. Read it in two days. Stayed with me still. Ms. Hannah did it again. :-)
Sad and moving story. Holds your interest from very beginning to very end. Loved it.
Excellent read..took me back to that horrific time in history..couldn't put it down!
Incredible story of courage, loss, triumph in a terrible time in our world's history
This book was great! I could not put it down and cried at the end. Highly recommend.
Very moving story, very well told and put together, brought my wartime vividly back.
Unbelievable story yet so true to what happen during that time period.  Very moving.
Love stories like this....just read a little because I don't want the story to end!!
A friend recommended this book to me! I totally enjoyed it and couldn't put it down!
Exceptional story that underlines the role of women during the occupation in France.
I found this a good read and interesting about France in WWII but not a great novel.
A powerful story about two sisters journey through World War II.  Beautifully witten
One of the best novels I'very read lately. I am going to recommend it to my book club.
best book I've read in quite some time.......I'm telling all my friends, a must read
It was a wonderful story that held your attention and kept you from putting it down.
Such a different viewpoint from other WWII books I have read. Very interesting read.
Could not put this book down. Would highly recommend reading this to all my friends.
Good historical novel. Hard to put down once you started reading it. I recommend it.
An excellent read, which keep you on the edge, throughout, and surprises at the end.
This was a fantastic book which held me captive until the end -- highly recommended.
Best book I've read all year! Did not want it to end. Character developement superb.
It was excellent from start to finish! Great readying, it would make a GREAT movie!!
I loved this book. It was very well written with characters that had a lot of depth.
This was one of those books where the pages just couldn't get turned quickly enough.
Gripping tale of harrowing WW2 experience from French perspective. Highly recommend.
One of the best books I've read in years! Great character development and good teist
Best yet. Could not put it down. I lived every day with her. The end was a surprise.
loved this beautiful book.  Set in France during WWII.  Great character development.
Great read.  Difficult to put down.  Good writing, not superfluous, stays on course.
Excellent story of World War II France and what the general population went through.
The best book I have read in awhile.  A learning as well as entertaining experience.
Wonderful story and rich characters. Actually brought me to tears in several places.
I couldn't put the book down and was sad when I got to the end. I still wanted more!
One of the most amazing books I have read a long time.  Could not put the book down.
Well written and informative about some of the events in France during World War II.
I am never disappointed by a Kristin Hannah book but this one is one of my favorite.
Awesome!! Couldn't put it down with a wonderful ending that brought it all together
A good read, entertaining. Not a great novel, but the suspense can grab the reader.
The best book I have read in a long time!  Could not put it down or want it to end!
Excellent WW2 novel set in France. Amazing story line of 2 French sister. Good read
This book is literally the bees knees! A little slow to start but worth it! So good
Was so well written!  Loved all the different factions brought together as a unit!!
Powerful, but difficult to read because of he subject matter.  Couldn't putit down!
Fascinating characters, who showed how strong we can be when needed! Very touching.
Exciting, informative, well-written. I have ordered more from this talented writer!
Except for totally unrealistic arrivals of long lost characters, it is a good read.
Amazing book. Beautifully written. Wonderful characters and fascinating story line.
Excellent page turner and fascinating recreation of the horrible nature of the war.
good story of family love triumphing over the worst circumstances in history of war
A lovely story that takes place in France during WWII. Great writing by the author.
Very well written book. Most interesting story about life in France in world war ii
Great book! I love how Hannah is diving head first into historical fiction writing.
Until the end. It was To much tragedy all at once. I almost had to stop reading it.
this is an excellent book about 2 sisters survival during WW II in occupied France.
I couldn' t put this book down! Loved, loved, loved the story of these two sisters.
Good read. Hard to put down.very descriptive writing and the characters come alive!
This is a great book.  Makes you grateful for the blessings we have.  A MUST READ!!
One of the best books I have read.  I have recommended it to several of my friends.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. I highly recommend The Nightengale.
This book was wonderful. So many emotions and I was crying like a baby!!  READ IT!!
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  I would recommend it to everyone
I enjoyed the book and sympathized with the characters.  I'd consider it nostalgic.
Best book I've read in a long time - if you liked The Book Thief, you'll like this.
Great story. Wants me to do something to make a change in peoples lives. Inspiring.
vey good story...not well written...lots of contradictions...needed a better editor
Make it into a movie!  It is a wonderful story of lives during this period of time.
I have read every one of Kristin Hannah's books and this one is by far my favorite!
Excellent book protraying the civillian side of ww2 in France.  Very well written.
This is the first book I have read by Kristin Hannah, but it will not be the last.
Didn't expect to like a war story, but could not put this book down.  Well written
I loved this book!!!! Could not put it down and cried to be done. Amazing story!!!
Except for unnecessary foul language, it was one of the best books I've ever read.
Loved it but would have liked an explantionof how this French family got to the US
Fascinating premise.Kept me guessing until the end. Hard to believe it is fiction.
Great book. The story of the sisters and their different paths touches you deeply.
Exxcellent story.  You feel like you are living during the holocost.  Very moving.
Interesting book until the end...sigh, yet another book with a weak boring ending.
Great book once I started could not put it down sad story about war but war is sad
A very well written and interesting account of what happened in France during WW 2
good book about a frightening historical period and how it impacted average people
Gripping story of the French underground and the roles the main characters played.
Fascinating story of French Resistance,  and two sisters who are nearly estranged.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book! I love WWII-era novels and this one was top notch.
A riveting read revealing a new perspective on World War II previously unexplored.
this is one of the best books i have ever read.....since "the kite runner"
One of the best I've read in quite awhile, good content and believable characters,
A good read to learn about the French population,especially the women, during WW2.
Well written , insightful authentic phenomenal characters definitely a worthy read
Excellent book. First time I've read anything by Hannah, and I plan to order more.
Am enjoying the book enormously.  One feels as if the author has lived the events.
Historical. Intriguing. Which sister is telling the story and returning to France?
I would recommend this book very much  I could not put it down once I  started it.
Excellent,  Ms. Hannah's research is spot on. Great writing from beginning to end.
Kristin Hannah's books never let me down. Enjoyed the story from beginning to end.
A spellbinding and heart breaking account of the Nazi occupation of France in WW2.
One of the best books written by Kristin Hannah.  I was sad when I was at the end.
Such an amazing book. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a great read.
Fantastic book....surprise ending.  Don't know how people can survive those wars.
Excellent sotry about 2 sisters trying to survive during WWII in occupied France.
Very sad story. Author felt me in suspense about who was now living. Well written
Could. Or put it down form the first page.realy got to care about the characters.
I haven't felt this strongly about a book in a long time. I couldn't put it down.
It is a quick read with an interesting story. I would highly recommend this book.
This was a good book.  One that sticks with you.  I would recommend it to others.
Reading this book made me appreciate America and what a great country I lived in.
Excellent book. It puts in perspective what the French citizens went thru WW 2. L
Wow - one of the best novels I've read in a long time!  Must read for any and all
I loved the storyline and the WWII era! It was a quick summer read and enjoyable!
Was a great book! I'm sad I finished it!  I recommend to my book reading friends.
One of the best books of the year. Excellent story of life in France during WWII.
Remarkable story of two sisters survival during WW2 in France...outstanding read!
Great book, an easy read that evokes many emotion.  I highly recommend this book.
I loved this story and the author was great!  Best book I've read in a long time!
Very good reading, held my interest and looked forward to what would happen next.
I will remember this book.  It left an impression on me.  It makes you think! -R.
Great Book it keeps your interest all the while can't put it dowm untill the end.
Wonderful! Informative, tragic, emotional,Great characters .  Need more of those.
interesting take on the time period better understood from a personal perspective
Great story! Definite page turner. Captures your interest. Could not put it down.
Liked the book.  Good reminder of the hardships that were faced during this time.
Amazing! The characters stayed with me even when I was finished reading the book!
If you like historical fiction you'll like this book. It was one of my favorites.
Beautifully written...one of those books where you savor every word. A must read.
Gripping, emotional, couldn't put it down! Fantastic, and it brought me to tears.
Interesting read- somewhat predictable but written well and keeps you entertained
I am really impressed I have read other books by Hannah and this quite different.
Never knew the depth of suffering among the occupied countries.  Powerful reading
Well written. Much more heavy than Hannah's usual books but thoroughly enjoyed it
Buy this book. An easy read that holds your attention...definitely a page turner!
wonderful story of human endurance and epic challanges for .a family and country.
One of the best books I have read.  It was historical, suspenseful,  & emotional.
Excellent historical fiction piece includes family, romance, politics, & mystery.
A buried past story.  Who is the Nightingale?  Actually obvious, but well played.
Excellent book! The first Kristen Hannah book I had read. I'm now on her 3rd book
It was a fabulous book.  I would recommend it to all who love history about WW11.
Very good story. Fantastic ending. I read a lot. One of the best I have recently.
This is by far one of the best books I have read in a long time.  The author's character development is very well done and the story line is excellent.  I read this very quickly because I couldn't wait to see what happened to the characters.  The ending was simply beautiful and I even shed a tear or two. I loved the use of the nightingale throughout the story. I would strongly recommend this book...can we give 6 stars?
It is well written for the most part<br/>I was drawn into the story emotionally
A must read. Not my typical genre but I have been greatly impacted by this book.
The story stays with you long after you've closed the book.  Highly recommended.
The best story I have read in ages.  Learned a lot about German occupied France.
One of the top three books that I've read this year. Could not put the book down
Excellent book. Really held my attention. Learned many historical facts of WWII.
Very well written! An important story of a young girl in France in World War II.
Loved it. A wonderful read. Looking forward to reading more from Kristin Hannah.
Hard to put down.! Very  intense,  where did these. People fine do the strength.
Great World War II story. Loved every minute of it. Had trouble putting it down.
Well developed story of resisters of Germany's occupation of France during WWII.
Great read, loved learning about the efforts to save lives of pilots during WWII
I haven't read a book equal to the Nightingale in many years. A wonderful story!
This is the best book that I have read in a long time.  I could not put it down.
More like a romance novel than serious reading. Good "beach" reading tho
A wonderful story. Memorable. Couldn't put it down and yet worried it would end.
Well written..full of family love, hardships and the sacrificing faces of war...
I absolutely loved this book! I can't wait to read more books by Kristin Hannah!
Very good book but very sad  to realize what people went through during the war.
worthy read albeit dark. Learned a great deal about France's involvement in WW2.
Enjoyed the story very much especially since I lived through it as a little girl
I really loved this book.  Very moving and the characters are so well developed.
It was amazing. I am a big reader and it was one of the better books I have read
Ms. Hannah did wonderful research...beautifully written...didn't want it to end!
Thought provoking and a wonderful read. I could not put the book down.  Loved it
Great book! I had a hard time putting it down. Kristen Hannah didn't disappoint.
If you liked Sarah's Key, you will love this book with strong female characters.
Excellent!  Well written. Keeps your attention through out.  Good job of writing
Very good!  Suspenseful, while it had many sad parts, it was totally engrossing!
This is a real tale.  I enjoyed it very much and have recommended it to friends.
Great story. War is real and very horrendous. I found the book hard to put down.
Wonderful story of the French underground and a very special woman's role in it.
I have read many of Kristin Hannah's books and I believe this is her best yet!!!
Very realistic. Not contrived<br/>Ended the way it should<br/>Really enjoyable
I LOVED THIS BOOK.  I THINK THIS IS HER BEST BOOK SO FAR.  I HAVE READ THEM ALL.
The book was very interesting from a women's perspective.  It was a great read !
Excellent!!!'  Shows WWII women and what they contributed. Strong powerful women
Amazing book.  You will be thinking about it long after you turn the last page.
This was a great read. Loved the writing, the characters, the story. Wonderful.
One of the best books that I have ever read - literally I couldn't put it down!
Slow start but had me crying in the end.  Beautiful story of love and strength.
Held my interest from beginning to end.  Amazing story of courage and humility.
Excellent book!  Well written and very touching story....I highly recommend....
this book needs to be a movie!!!!!!!!!! love every minute from beginning to end
Personal but great insight to life in France during the occupation of the nazis
Very well written and interesting to read.  Historically accurate and haunting.
Great story about WW2 written from a perspective that we don't often hear from.
I would give it double the number of stars if I could.  It was a wonderful book
Good read!  It had a bit of everything.  Suspense, action, love , sadness,.etc'
A good beach read. A bit predictable but still delivered a good cry at the end.
Excellent book!!  Fast paced and full of suspense.  Didn't want to put it down,
A really heroic store about two women who braved the war in very separate ways.
5 stars because once I got into it there was no time I wanted to put it down !!
Wonderful story. I could not put it down. Interesting characters and storyline.
Very good read.  It was interesting to read what the women did to help the war!
Excellent read, interesting characters, set in France, first love, Nazi horror.
It's hard to choose another book to read after reading such a wonderful, story.
Definitely, a page turner.  Good character development.  A very enjoyable read.
I thought this was one of Kristin's better books.  I tell everyone about it.!!!
One of my top ten books.  I loved the.characters and didn't want to put it down
Well written and keeps one's interest.  Nazi atrocities are upsetting, however.
Excellent story, beautifully written one of the best books I've read this year.
This was an awesome story!  I couldn't put the book down!  Love Kristin Hannah.
Great story about two sisters whose lives are so<br/>different during the war.
Couldn't put it down.
Possibly one of the best books I've read in a long time. Didn't want it to end.
Two very different women in impossible situations react with courage and honor.
Excellent book. I highly recommend it to Kristin Hannah fans and everyone else.
Wonderful book!  Couldn't put it down!  Wish there were more stories like this!
I liked it very much - It seemed very true to the times and lives of the people
I loved this book. Great history, great characters and a heart-wrenching story.
OMG! I love love loved this book! So much history and feeling and insight! Wow!
One of the best books I have ever read. Very compelling story and well written.
Beautifully written, interesting, engaging WWII story of the French resistance.
Loved this book! Very well written and entertaining! Set in World War 2 France.
Wonderful story and her writing has really matured. I think it's her best work.
Everything I have read that Kristin Hannah has written is absolutely wonderful.
The book proved enjoyable with interesting characters and believable plot lines
This is a very good book.  I haven't read anything as good since The Goldfinch.
I loved this book. I would highly recommend it. I simply could not put it down.
Sad, tragic, amazing story! Would recommend as a must read for any avid reader.
Wi loved this book...could not put it down!  Looking for other books she wrote.
Great story well told. If you like the historical novel format you will love it
Beautifully written, with great sensitivity. Five tissue review for the ending.
Excellent character development. Sad to finish. Enjoyed the journey. Loved it!
Well written  Couldn't put it down, but I could hardly read through my tears k
Extremely well written, holds your interest from the moment you open the book.
Amazing WWII novel. Written beautifully even during the heart-wrenching parts.
This book is fantastic!!  One of the best historically based books I have read
I'very read so much about the war-but this was beyond most of all the horrors!
Beautiful story! I recommend it to anyone, especially anyone who has a sister!
Great book. I enjoyed the story and really like this authors style of writing.
Amazing book.  My book club thought it was the best book we had read in years!
Starts out pretty slow..but you have to remember, it gets better and better...
Gripping tale of courage and sacrifice during the German occupation of France.
This book will stay with you long after the last page. I couldn't put it down.
Great characters/story line and well developed plot. Best book she has written
Beautiful sad story of survival, strength and love...  I couldn't put it down.
This wonderful book kept me up reading way past my bedtime for several nights!
Really held my interest!  Can't help but thinking it would make a great movie.
It was a 'page turner'  I couldn't put it down. Great story, well written. DTB
Hard to put down.  Strength of character is certainly the theme in this story.
I loved this book!  The story stayed with me for days after I had finished it.
Kristin Hannah writes with heart and feeling.  U feel and live with characters
Wonderful writing and totally absorbing story. Characters were well developed.
What a great read.  Different view of WW11 and the women who did great things.
Loved this book.  Kept me interested until the very end and then surprised me.
This is a great book....some history and easy to follow chapters of the story.
It was well written, and had a good plot start to finish, but it was very sad.
great writing,great story. will keep your interest to the end. very emotional.
A good story, a little predictable.  and fairy simplistic.  but a quick  read.
I cried at the end.  It's been a long time since a book has moved me to tears.
Be sure to have your tissue handy - can be a real tear jerker but a good book.
This was one of the best books I have read  this year.  I highly recommend it.
very well written, kept my interest throughout the book, loved the characters.
Loved it.......great story and probably mostly true...but told beautifully....
A very good fictionalized account of the Nazi take over of France during WWII.
Very moving story.  I needed to take a break while reading the excellent book.
One of the best books I have read for a while, I can not wait for the movie!!!
I love it. Reminded me of how terrible war is what hardship people go through.
Great story. inspiring characters. It challenged<br/>some of my life choices.
Awesome and captivating story. My book club read the book and we all loved it.
Iloved thie story. I was up most of the night reading. I could not put it down
Another great book from Kristin Hannah. Keeps one reading late into the night.
This was a fantastic read.  Finished the book with tears rolling down my face.
This book was well written and hard to put down I was sorry when I finished it
Thoroughly enjoyed it.  Made me look for more in the historical romance genre.
I could hardly put it down. I wanted to know what was coming next. I loved it.
A very engaging - and disturbing - book that picked up steam as it went along.
I loved the book.  Very entertaining and very well written.  Cant put it down.
Great character development and realistic plot. Was sorry when it was finished
Great book. Appreciate hearing women's perspective of this horrible situation.
Excellent,  the atrocities against the Jewish and all others was hard to read.
Excellent,  the atrocities against the Jewish and all others was hard to read.
This is a very difficult book to read. The characters are strong and flawed and make decisions that most of us could never make. They are willing to give their own lives to save the lives of others in France during WWII and Hitler's reign of terror. The Nightingale is shocking and disturbing and sad, but there is joy in the love that sisters Vianne and Isabelle shared with each other and their family.
I love all Kristin Hannah's books.  This was not my favorite, but it was good
One of the bet best book I have read in a long time.  I recommend to everyone
I loved this book and thought about it for days afterward. Tugs at the heart!
Great book! I can't remember reading any book that I enjoyed more. Brilliant!
Captivating. Wonderful characters. A real surprise. Was so sad when it ended!
The book got better as it progressed. I would recommend the book for reading.
Could not put this one down  inspiring and insightful  Who could do this now?
Great historical fiction.......almost as good as All the Light We Cannot See.
A really good account of what women did on the continent to help win the war.
This book is totally engrossing - beautifly written, I could not put it down.
Very moving book.  Started out a bit slowly but then I could not put it down.
Very good story and account of how it really was during the German occupation of France.
one of the best books I have ever read.  Could not put it down until the end.
Characters were interesting . Enjoyed the story. I would recommend this book.
Moving story.  A real insight to the wwii tribulations of the occupied French
My book clubbers LOVED this book...we couldn't put it down...good discussion!
Very interesting and very sorrowful for what these poor people had to endure.
Very interesting and gives a view of what the French went through during war.
The best book I have read in a long time! Well written and interesting story!
well written book that is memorable and educational about World War II France
This was hard to read at times for the suffering but I liked this book a lot!
Great read...Great writer...Can't wait to read more of Kristin Hannah.
Parts very disturbing when they described the things happening during the war
very interesting . There were a lot  of things I did not know about that era.
This book was well written and such a wonderful piece of literature. Read it.
A wonderful book! The story takes many twists and turns. Some real surprises.
Enjoyed the book.  A few things were not addressed but overall, well written.
Wonderful book. Kristin Hannah takes great care in developing her characters.
This book was one of Hannah's best, if not the best.  I couldn't put it down!
Wonderful book!, I couldn't put it down!  Best book I've read in a long time!
A fascinating book with women in the starring roles as resisters during WWII.
I think this is one of Kristen Hannah's best books! Very hard to put it down.
Had a hard time putting it down.  Made the time of war very real and graphic.
Had me on the edge of my seat practically the whole book.  Sad but well done.
I very much enjoyed the book,  did not want to put it down or for it to end.
Loved this book.  Great story with a definate satisfying conclusion.<br/>to
One of the most moving, emotional stories I've ever read.  Highly recommend.
I enjoyed this book very much.  It kept my interest and was so well written.
Well done! Should be a movie. The characters are wonderful. Well researched.
Very interesting and I learned a lot.  These people were so brave and driven
Very good book, great interpretation of the times.  Not a light read at all.
I loved this book. It really showed what the French went through during WW2.
I couldn't put the book down!  It continued to surprise you page after page!
Love stories set in Europe during World War II and this was one of the best.
some frightening images were left of how the women and children were treated
Loved the book. Definetly kept you intrigued. Would recommend it to any one.
A wonderful story of courage and commitment set against 1940's Vichy France.
Amazing book. Do not finish this book in public or without a book of tissue.
Such a sad time for the world but Hannah told the historic story beautifully
OMG... never cried so much while reading a book.<br/>Tragic but delightful.
Haven't finished yet but I am really enjoying the book - A real page turner.
Took a few chapters to connect with the characters but overall a great read.
Wonderful book!  I could not put it down.  Hannah made history come to life!
Engaging story and excellent description of what people went through in WW2.
A truly enjoyable read with harrowing stories and we'll developed characters
This was truly an amazing read and I would highly recommend to avid readers.
Have read many  of Kristan Hannah's novels and have never been disappointed.
KRISTIN HANNAH is a gifted writer.  I've recommended her to several friends;
I read a lot.  This book was the most moving novel I've read in a long time.
Great story. Hard to put down. Did not want it to end. Wonderful love story.
Great story. You feel as if you are right there  living with the characters.
I enjoyed this book!  I read it weeks ago and it continues to stick with me.
Great book! I couldn't put it down! I have recommended it to all my friends.
Epic story, anyone into WW2 or a story of family and endurance will enjoy it
Very good read.  I enjoyed learning about the history of France during WWII.
Great insight into the affect WWII had on the people living with occupation.
The writing was excellent. Horrified how much suffering there was in France.
Touching story. Beautifully written. One of the best books I have ever read.
This was one of the best books I have read recently.  I absolutely loved it.
Excellent book . Well written and the historic background added to the story
It took me awhile to get into the book but I thought it as a very good read.
Amazing story giving another view if WW I I from the French occupied people.
To me Kristen Hannah is great and this is one of her very many best stories.
A truly amazing story about WW2, and the occupation of the Nazi's in France.
This a beautifully written and compelling story. I hope she writes a sequel.
Loved this book..it is so sad to know this kind of "stuff" happened.
I thought this was an excellent book. I found it very difficult to put down.
This was a great story. I didn't want it to end, yet I couldn't put it down.
Fantastic book!  I was sorry when I finished it, but the ending was perfect.
Another best seller for Kristin. Loved this  book could  not put  it  down .
A beautifully written story which offers an intimate account of our history.
This was Kristin Hannah's best book.  It reminded me of Kate Morton's books.
This is the powerful, complicated and engaging story of two sisters whose lives unfold in France during the chaotic and frenzied years of the Nazi occupation. What is truth?  What to believe?  Who to believe?  What to do?  These questions were answered as each sister responded to the unimaginable circumstances they encountered in their daily lives.  A fascinating and highly recommended read.
This read was the absolute BEST read.  Don't miss out on this page turner!!
Suberb storytelling, compelling characters. The ending brought me to tears,
Great book!  My daughter and I read it at the same time.  We both loved it.
Romantic Beach Book set in WWII.  Good female characters.  Nothing special.
Easy read.  Loved the changes of time.  A bit melodramatic but fast moving.
Excellent book and well written. Kept my interest from page one to the end.
Loved it! Such a good read. I cant wait to read other books by this author.
Great book.....did not want it to end.  Now I am on read Go Set a Watchman!
A fabulous Book, I loved every page. So much insight into life during a war
i was rivited back to a world in which i never lived.  it was spellbinding!
Very powerful novel heart wrenching especially if you have a sister as I do
A testament to strength, resistance, perseverance, love, and determination.
Page turner; loved it and great writing skills to describe such a sad time.
Loved this book!  Wonderful story which takes place in France during WW II.
Very good read, harrowing story, reminding me of "Sophie's Choice".
Historical fiction with suspense and romance. I see a movie in it's future.
Great book! Inside to WWII from a woman's perspective. Highly recommend it!
This book and Winter Garden are two of my favorite books by Kristen Hannah.
It's not a genre I particularly enjoy reading about but it was a good book.
This book was wonderful.  One of the best books I have read in a long time.
Great book. Easy read. I love historical fiction and this was a page turner
Absolutely loved this book.  Well written and powerful.  Cried my eyes out!
Enjoyed very much. Did not end as I expected which is so often predictable.
It was so engaging and interesting that I found it impossible to put down .
Fantastic read. Stayed up late just to keep reading<br/>Highly recommended
Good story.I think you get a real feel for the stupidity and horror of war.
I loved this book, one of the best I have read, lots of tears in the end...
It was a wonderfully written book and my friends and I thoroughly loved it.
Love historical fiction. This book was simple and heartbreakingly touching.
Great read. I already have told some friends that they would enjoy it also.
Great book. I am a huge Kristin Hannah fan and this was one of my favorites
Excellent book about 2 sisters in WWII France and what they did to survive.
Very well written historical fiction puts you tight there in time and place
Could not stop,reading and turning the pages. Very riveting and intriguing.
I personally did not care for this book at all!
Perfectly written. Heartbreaking and uplifting. Educational and emotional.
engaging, and gave me a French perspective on WWII.  I would recommend it.
I love historical novels and this was one of the best. I cried many times.
Well written and captivating. Once you start, it is difficult to put down.
excellent read makes you want to look up what else this author has written
Wonderful heartbreaking story of a christian family in France during WWII.
Can't put it down.  Excellent; want to read another book by Kristin Hannah
A touching human wartime drama. One of the finest novels that I have read.
A wonderfully compelling book about the suffering of the French during WW2
I couldn't put it down. Opened my eyes to the real life devastation of war
Interesting story about two sisters that took different paths during WWII.
This is one of the best books I have read in a good while. Very well done.
Excellent book by an excellent author. Couldn't stop reading it! Loved it!
Enjoyed reading the book after awhile I couldn't put it down. Great story.
Couldn't put it down. The best book I have read in a long time.. Amazing..
I loved this book.  One of the best books I have read in a very long time.
Enjoyed this book very much. Couldn't put it down and hated to see it end.
This story is outstanding and will make a great movie! I cried at the end.
Intriguing depiction of determination and strength to people in dire need.
Great read. Lends insight to the struggles of the people during war times.
...lest we forget; this story needs telling, and Hanna tells it tellingly.
Excellent read! I hated for it to end. It grabbed me from start to finish!
Very informative and interesting novel! Have recommended to all my friends
I thought the book was a good read, totally fiction, but keep my interest.
I thoroughly enjoyed it....the plot, the characters and the writing style.
a good reminder for all of us of man's brutality towards each other in war
This story kept your interest throughout. Made you think how lucky we are.
This was a interesting and compelling book and I would suggest reading it.
This book was AMAZING! It was so well written and I cried! Very well done!
This book started out slow, but by halfway through I couldn't put it down!
I LOVED it!!!!  So heart wrenching,  a beautiful story.  Very well written
Brilliant!  Such a pleasure to read such a great book.  Highly recommended
I absolutely loved it. Reminded me of the book All The Light We Cannot See
Great read. Well written. We should not forget: nor repeat such atrocities
Good to remember the heroic people who stood up to wrong in a horrible war
very well written. Kept me in suspense until last very end. very good read
As always her books are wonderful stories that pull on your heart strings.
Loved the characters..lots of suspense...lots of history....terrific story
One of the best books I've read in several years - I highly recommend it!!
Right up there with Winters Garden, excellent book, could not put it down!
Best Kristin Hannah book ever.  Well researched, heartbreakingly beautiful
A well-written, beautiful story. I love her books, have read many of them.
Good read
Very well written, on pins and needles until the end. Highly recommended.
Held my interest, Found the characters fascinating, surprised at the end.
A gripping story of the horrors of war. I was hardly able to put it down.
Yes, it is as good as the reviews suggest. Worth your reading investment.
I loved this book. Felt like I had lost a friend when I finished reading.
Had trouble putting it down enjoyed it one of the best I read this summer
It's a fascinating story; rather depressing, but fascinating nonetheless.
Simply an amazing book in it's detail, history and very hard to put down.
Well written... difficult to read because of the Nazi content.  Good book
A real page turner! Highly recommended, really shows the horrors of WWII.
Incredible  story.  Kept me on edge  waiting  to see  what unfolds  next.
The best book I have read this year, be sure and have your tissues handy.
Very well written. I loved reading it and found it difficult to put down.
Fascinating book. Really explained the war's effect on the common people.
Excellent, I love a book that teaches me something as well as entertains!
Great book - highest rated book in our bookclub in a couple if years!!!!!
Great reading. It shows how women can be powerful, strong and determined.
I could not put this book down.  I will recommend it to every one I know.
excellent book!!! I thought about it for a long time after finishing it!!
Loved this book! Needs to be required reading in high school lit classes!
Good read!  A friend recommended this to me and I was glad I listened!!!!
Absolutely fabulous story.  Loved every minute and was sad when it ended.
Very well written, however, the subject matter was emotionally difficult.
Riveting story well told about the lives of 2 women in France during WWII
A well written, gripping story that weaves in the horror of World War II.
Excellent novel concerning a family during the Nazi occupation of France.
A bit long in the tooth, but well explained and with detailed characters.
Could not put this book down! Great details, sad but really a great book!
Recommended the book to friends  Thought the book was touching and great.
the ending was somewhat confusing, but overall I thought it was wonderful
I loved this book.  It brought tears to my eyes; it was hard to put down.
An interesting and well written book.  Interesting character development.
The scariest, saddest book that I have ever read.  Could not put it down.
The book made me glad I didn't live in France during the Nazi occupation!
Very interesting story.  Found it was actually hard to put the book down.
This was a very thought provoking, excellent read.  Couldn't put it down!
An amazing book. You feel like your really there. I couldn't put it down.
Well written.  Immediately caught my attention, could not put it down!
I liked this.book Very historical  I haven't given 5 stars in quite awile
Really enjoyed this book.  First one by this author and I will read more.
One of the best reads in a long time...not very cheery but a great book!
Makes history come alive.  Shows how hard living was in occupied France.
It was great, once I started to read I didn't want to put the book down.
Amazing book.  The sadness and suspense kept me engaged the entire time.
One of the top 5 books I have read. Couldn't put it down once I started.
I loved this book.  Quite different from other books by the same author.
Wonderful story. Reality hits home. Strong women and well written novel.
Page turner but for the lengthy descriptions of suffering from the cold.
Compelling story of sisters caught in a treacherous historical conflict.
11 years of book club novels and this was one of my top three favorites.
Like it very much up to a certain point but the end was not clear enough
Good story with a lot of plot. How lives changes when surrounded by war.
This book kept my interest the enire read.  I would highly reccomend it.
I couldn't put it down. Loved it and have recommended it to many friends
Excellent book if you like historical fiction.  I could not put it down.
One of the best books Mrs Hanah has written to date!Hated for it to end.
Poignant, beautifully written story of the French resistance during WWII
Wonderful writing. One of those books you have a hard time putting down!
Even though it was very sad, I loved the book.  I didn't want it to end.
I loved this book and couldn't put it down.  Great story of two sisters.
ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I'VE READ IN A LONG TIME.  I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Excellent historical fiction.  It makes you thankful to live in the usa.
Enjoyed. A different aspect of the war. Interesting family relationship.
I really enjoyed the book. Kristen Hannah is one of my favorite authors.
Love all of Kristin Hannah's work, but this, in my opinion, is her best.
Excellent book - anyone that doubts the Holocaust should read this book.
Breathtaking suspense.  Now anxious to read other Kristin Hannah novels.
Wonderful story of the will to survive, and mending family difficulties.
Excellent book about the French Resistance in WWII  (historical fiction)
This book was great. Once I started reading it, I could not put it down.
Very good story.  Sad but probably more true than anyone wants to admit.
LOVED, LOVED, LOVED this book! One of my top favorite books of all time!
I have read many of this author's books - this was, by far, my favorite!
Held my attention and gave a good insight of how people lived thru WW 2!
Engaging, well written and so sensitive to the conditions of the period.
I could"t put the book down. One of the better books in a long time.
I love this author, I have a hard time reading about this subject matter
One of the "favorites" books I've read recently.  It's a keeper.
Very emotional read, I assimilated what these women went thru. Loved it!
It was a wonderful story and the historical background was enlightening.
Tremendous story makes a person lucky they did not live through that war
Loved this book. Recommended to my friends.  Easy read, wonderful story.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I could not put it down. Love her books.
Really enjoyed this book. Very well written. Didn't want to put it down.
One of the best books I have read in a long time. Could not put it down!
Very well written one could feel as if you were in the midst of things .
Beautifly written history of the occupation of France by Hitlers regime.
Entertaining read, but some flat characterization and thin descriptions.
It was a wonderful story about a family during the occupation of Paris.
Excellent reading.  Once I started, I had a tough time putting it down.
Great character development and egrossed the reader in the time period.
I love this book.  In the top 25 of the thousands of books I have read.
Great plane read.  Could not put it down and I was on a 12 hour flight!
Good story of a part of WWII history that has not been explored enough.
A wonderful book! The reality of that age is saddening yet so powerful.
One of the best books I have read in a while.  Can't put the book down.
One of the best books I have ever read. I can't stop thinking about it.
Wonderful work including history that doesn't ever need to be forgotten
Very good historical fiction during WWII.  Kristin Hannah is very good.
I love Kristen Hannah books anyway and this was another excellent read!
somewhat gruesome, but I loved it.  Touched my heart in many ways.  SRG
I find myself increasingly admiring of this author's writing abilities.
I loved the way historical facts were woven into a very touching story.
Very engaging. Makes me want to go to France and visit the countryside.
I have read many of Hannah's books.  I would rate this one of her best.
Great book, brilliantly portrayed characters, moving story. I loved it!
Fantastic read, heartwarming. Hopefully they will make it into a movie.
This was an amazing book, especially if you like supense & history too!
very powerful, shows good morals, a page-turner, extremely well written
Excellent book. Hard to put down. You get wrapped up in the characters!
I love all of kristin Hannah's books.  This one was particularily good.
one of the bests books  I have had the pleasue of reading in some time.
I thought it was a wonderful.Never got bored with the pace or the plot.
Couldn't put it down and couldn't wait it get back to it when I had to!
Wonderful recounting of horrific time in history. Couldn't put it down.
I couldn't put the book down.  It was fast moving and held my interest.
This was such a good book! The characters, the story- very descriptive!
My first Kristin Hannah read....now obvious hat I've been missing out..
All I can say is I really enjoyed this book, she is such a good author.
Excellent account of France during the second world war.  Sad but true.
An absolutely amazing book, one of the best I have read in a long time.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  Beautifully written.
Excellent! Written in the context of history.<br/>Highly recommend it!
I hated this book.  I'm speechless over the number of positive reviews.  Different tastes I guess but I found it to be more of a historical romance novel along the lines of a Harlequin romance or a Danielle Steele novel.  Awful.
LOVED this book! We read it for book club and I could not put it down.
A beautiful story that will leave you with an aching heart at the end.
Very powerful story!  I  couldn't put the book down once I started it.
One of my all time top ten books - compelling - could not put it down.
I really like the book, thought it was thought provoking and exciting.
Compelling gripping and a reminder of how easy we Americans had it during during WW2.
Didn't remember much about occupied France was a very informative read
Well plotted, graphic account of life under Nazi occupation of France.
Beautiful story. Beautifully written. Loved every second of this book!
Just beautifully written.  I couldn't put it down until I finished it.
Excellent character development.  The story line was very interesting.
i loved the book.  it was a 2 day read  read it you'll like it! Arlene
Written excellent about a terrible time in history hard to read about.
Learned about a whole new part of the Holocaust.  Beautifully written.
Probably THE best book I've read!  I wanted more after I finished it!!
A beautifully written story about a family and their life during WWII.
Loved this book, great story line. Kept my attention til the very end.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. Absolutely LOVED it!!!
A hard to put down book. Exciting and sad and a love story all in one!
Fabulous look at life in France under the Nazis, wonderful characters.
Loved this book.  It was true family dynamics.  I hated for it to end.
In answering the above questions, I think I already reviewed the book.
Touches on many aspects of WW2 French resistance. Packed with emotion.
Wonderful book. Look forward to reading other books by Kristin Hannah.
Thoroughly enjoyed the book, though Isabel's end was a little too pat.
Absolutely a wonderful story! Heart wrenching and motivating. Love it!
The subject is hard to read about but the author handled it very well.
So real I believed it the whole time. Learned a lot, emotions engaged.
This was a very interesting read.  I liked it.  Danger, romance, love.
Very interesting and could not put the book down.  Would recommend it.
Loved this book because you become so intertwined with the characters.
Enjoyed the story, well developed characters and surprising conclusion
Loved this story of strong women during the Nazi occupation in France.
Took me awhile to get into the story but once I did I sure enjoined it
I thoroughly enjoyed The Nightingale, from the first page to the last.
Touching and thought provoking.  Kristin Hannah is a wonderful writer.
Great reading and great presentation of French resistance during WW 2.
Very good, but sad story. Very well written. Lovely but tearful ending
It is the best book I've read in a long time! I could not put it down.
A special book about heroism, moral compass love and loss. A must read
Her best novel yet; Hannah just gets better and better in her writing.
Complete change from her earlier books.  Very sad.  Not a happy story.
Kristin Hannah did it again!  Wonderful book.  Could not put it down!!
So memorable I will never forget this book & I am a compulsive reader.
One of my favorite all time books. Fabulous book club discussion boos!
This was a wonderful story, so well written, loved every minute of it.
Great book! I really liked it. I laughed and cried. Very entertaining.
Wonderful story, beautiful character development, excellent read!!!!!!
It was such an amazing and inspiring book.that I shall remember always
Great read! She told a tragic story during a time we shouldn't forget.
One of the best books I have read recently.  Beautiful, yet sad story.
WW II as viewed from ordinary people who had to endure many hardships.
Wonderful book. Keeps you reading and learn what it was like duringWW2
It was one of the best books I've read.  I became part of that family.
Well written, captivating, could not stop reading, highly recommended.
I think this was the best book I have ever read. I will read it again.
One of the very best books I've read in a long time. Hard to put down!
Excellent book! Very well written and very descriptive of the period .
Excellent read.  Did not want to put the book down.  Highly recommend.
One of the best books I've read in a long time....highly recommend it.
It was a great book.  Once I got startedI did not want to put it down.
Loved the book, could not wait to finish it and was sorry when I did!!
Love-Love-Love this story.  Have recommened to so many reader friends.
Loved it. A little slow in the beginning, but worth trudging through.
Loved this...my favorite book that I have read in past 5 years!!!!!!!
Best Book I have read in along time.  Keep them coming Kristin Hannah
Fantastic book!  I couldn't put it down! ! Definitely worth the read.
Excellent story and character development. The story really moved me.
I judge a book my my emotions and I was in tears throughout the book!
It was one of the best books I have ever read! Could not put it down.
excellent story!  Well written.  I couldn't put it down.  Loved it!!!
This book grabbed me from the moment I opened it. I love this author!
Love Kristin Hannah books and this is definitely one of my favorites.
Important reading for anyone who wishes to understand WWII in Europe.
Excellent. Highly recommend for fans of Hannah or historical fiction.
Excellent story.  Hard to put down the book.  Interesting characters.
Well written.  Moving.  Motivated me to listen to Jacques Brel songs.
Excellent story,ales you think of which sister you would be most like
This is a fabulous book.  Well worth reading.  Could not put it down.
great story built with solid characters and well executed resolution!
Great book, held my interest, will read other books by Kristin Hannah
Very graphic and as a WW2 veteran the clock was turned back 72 years.
Wonderfully written story and history lesson.  Could not put it down.
Very good read.  I was surprised to find out it was not a true story.
Incredible story. This is one that will stay with me for a long time.
I love the way this was written. You get connected to the characters.
Read in one day, re-read ending chapters. I really enjoyed this book.
This book was so good.  I read it in a few days couldn't put it down.
Excellent boo,. Kept me up all night, because I couldn't put it down!
The most gripping book I've read in a long time. Recommend it highly!
Excellent, fast paced, action packed, romantic, great story..loved it
Wonderful writer. The book provoked deep emotions for the characters.
Good read.  I love historical novels and this one did not disappoint.
loved it loved it-couldn't put it down!! can't wait for her next book
An excellent book., I couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end.
Fabulous book could not stop reading it. Hated to read the last page.
Kristin does it once again, could hardly put this down, AWESOME book!
This book kept me on the edge of my chair through the entire reading.
Wonderful story. I will be sure to recommend it to friends and family
An absolute awesome read.  Couldn't put it down.  Highly recommended.
Great book!  I couldn't put it down - stayed up all night reading it.
Extremely well written on a difficult topic.  I couldn't put it down.
I already wrote a review for this book.  It was a captivating story!
It was one of those books I just had to keep reading til it was done
Wonderful read -- first time reader of Kristin Hannah, but not last.
Very well written. No extraneous details to bog the story line down.
I really enjoyed the story!  Family, drama, and history.  Well done!
Loved it and I really cried at the end.  Now want to more by Kristin
it reads like a fiction story....as it really or coule have happened
Absolutely loved this book. Wonderful history and very well written.
Excellent book!  Captivating characters!  Sorry to get to the end...
Great read. Inspiring story. Informative about Nazi-occupied France.
Great book.  Not one is typically pick, but I couldn't put it down!!
This story touched my heart & was a good read from beginning to end!
This book was so moving.  The story is touching and really moved me.
I could not put the book down. I like all books about world war two.
Difficult to read at times due to sad content but well worth reading
A story to catch your interest and hold you until the final moments.
I loved this book, I thought it was Kristin Hannah's best book ever!
Loved it! Read all of her books but I think this was by far the best
I couldn't put the book down!  A great read from the very beginning!
Another great story about people and their struggles, love and loss.
It was a good book. Kind of slow at the beginning but it got better.
Enjoyed the history in this book, and was touched by the characters!
Deeply moving, complex issues, dynamic characters.  Need I say more?
This is an amazing story of survival through the worst of humankind.
It made you think, and be grateful, and made tears flow! Great book!
This is the best book I have read in years. Thank you Kristin Hannah
Very interesting history and well developed characters. Enlightening
Great! One of the best books I have had the joy of reading recently.
I really enjoyed this book.  It was very true to life for the period
The writing is a tad clunky but this is a fabulous, memorable story.
Even if it is fiction not verified credible. But a good holiday read
Super Book. A good primer on some of the other remifications of war.
one of the best books I have read lately.  Great historical fiction.
Fictional history with Excellent  characters, believable story line.
Educational and entertaining. A page turner from the very beginning.
brilliant, historically accurate, captivating and soulfully romantic.
A good WWII resistance novel.. Enjoyed it very much..good plot twist
Superbly written. Informative. Enlightening. A very fulfilling read.
ejoyed the book snd learned new things that happened during the War.
One of the best books I've ever read! Great story and great writing.
I really enjoyed this book. Have told several people they must read.
Excellent book, "riveting" would be the word I would choose.
This is the best book I have read in quite a while.  Please read it.
Gained a lot of insight to this period of history..hard to put down.
Fantastic book. I couldn't put it down. I just love Kristin's books.
Excellent historic book! Every book by Kristin Hannah is wonderful!
The story is still with me after a couple of weeks and books later!
I couldn't put this book down. I laughed and I CRIED! I loved it!!!
This is such a good book. I would recommend it for anybody to read.
Well written but sad.  Brought terrible memories of the WWII years.
A wonderful read. Don't miss it!  Inspiring and touching. Loved it!
Tough to read, due to the subject matter, but very, very well done!
Beautifully written. Authentically crafted characters. A must read!
This is a great book. Keeps you interested all the way til the end.
I loved this book. One of the best I have every read.  A must read.
This was a lovely book.  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.
A powerful story.  Had my attention through the end, and then some.
An excellent book; one of the best that I have read in a long time.
The Nightingale brought me to tears. An absolutely wonderful story!
Unbelievable evil portrayef in a beautiful, heroic story. Loved it.
Intrigue / Romance / Family relationships / This book was riveting.
Haunting tale of what it means to be sisters in the worst of times.
Did not enjoy it as much as others, and I like to read war stories.
Very good book.  Enjoyed the story about the family.  Well written.
Fabulous book.  Love historical novels and this one was just great!
Absolutely beautifully crafted historical novel.  I was enthralled.
Great and easy read, but with many WW 2 stories- bring the tissues.
One of her finest. Such a captivating novel. I highly recommend it.
I enjoyed The Nightingale very much, had a bit of twist at the end.
Really enjoyed this world war Ii novel told from a new perspective.
One of my favorite books. Was so sad when I finished it!  Loved it!
A great Valentine's Day read that I couldn't put down.  Loved it!!!
I love audio books and constantly have one to listen to in my car for long trips and short visits to the grocery store so I was thrilled  that VineVoice was offering  "The Nightingale' in audio CDs for review. I also am fond of Kristin Hannah and have read many of her books with enjoyment. Therefore, I was sure that this would be a great opportunity for me to listen to a favorite author as I drove here and there enjoying my audio book.<br/><br/>This is a story that covers the 1940's pre-post World War II. Most of the story takes place in France. It is narrated by Polly Stone in a very French accent, which lends a sense of authenticity to the story. There are really two, maybe even three stories interwoven within the novel - two are about two sisters who are in danger during the war, not only because as French citizens once their country was invaded everyone was in danger, but also in danger because of they choices they make in order to live through this terrible time. The story is engaging and well written. Time after time the words make the story so believable and heartbreaking. As a reader I would have sat down, cleared my head of all else, reread a page to understand the meaning of words and read onward only stopping when a break in the story itself  was presented. You cannot do this if you are driving down the road listing to the CDs... you listen to the story with half an ear.....you stop when you reach your destination, you may turn it off to answer the car phone or to talk with someone in your car. The story is presented jerkily and in most cases it's okay if you start and stop, forget who exactly is who, etc. This is not a story that one can get the full enjoyment of listening to as I do in the car.....there are too many names of people and places, two stories to keep in your head and remember clearly two days later when you are in the car again.<br/><br/>So, I listened to it doing housework. There are 14 CDs with a total of 17.5 hours of listening and trying to listen while cleaning, vacuuming, answering the phone and the doorbell was difficult. I had to scan backwards over and over to find a missing part of the story that I needed to make the narrative make sense - all because I left my mind wander to the water spots on the coffee table or a statement my husband had made. I could not stay focused on the book and give it the attention it desired. It just isn't a book that a reader can speed through ....it is good enough that each word needs to be attended to. In my opinion this should not be an audiobook.....hardcover, paperback, Kindle, Nook would all allow that sort of attention to be given..
Loved it from very beginning.  I like most of this author's books.
Great! So engaging. Got into the story and couldn't  stop reading.
A beautifully well written story. I would definitely recommend it!
An intensely moving story about family and the toll war has on it.
One of the most beautifully heart wrenching book I have ever read.
Best book I have read in years.  Do yourself a favor, and read it.
Wonderful story, a bit slow in the beginning, but fabulous ending.
Loved the book.  Very exciting from the beginning to the end.  WOW
Well written, wonderful story for anyone who enjoys period pieces.
One of the best that I have read recently. I enjoyed it very much.
Better than Sll the Light You Cannot See and that is hate to beat.
could not put this book down, so anxious to see what happened next
Loved it. I m a holocaust survivor and so it certainly touched me.
This book is amazing just like everything she writes. A must read.
A fascinating, historically compelling novel.  Highly recommended.
I loved this book! I have told all my friends they should read it!
Amazing book, it was so detailed and I couldn't put the book done!
I could not put this book down and I was sorry when I finished it.  I was fascinated by the sister's relationship and the way they dealt with the war.  Such emotions were experienced while reading...love, anger, loathing at the different characters. The history described about the war was such a learning experience. Being as different as night and day, both girls were heroines in my eyes!
Great read.  One of her better books and I like all of her novels.
Very moving, very true to the escape line experiences during WWII.
The story builds  and by the last 80 pages could not put it down.
I really enjoyed this book, and loved the surprise at the ending.
EXCELLENT MUST BE READ TO REMIND US HOW TERRIBLE WORLD WAR 2 WAS.
Absolutely great! One of the best books I have read in long time.
Very good read...especially for one who lived in that time period
Wonderful epic story!  Highly engaging and historically poignant.
Loved it. I did not know the French suffered so much during WWII.
Excellent read - slow start but the u don't want to put it down !
Great book! It was a well written story. It was hard to put down.
Very interesting and kept your interest.  Really enjoy her books.
Really enjoyed this - got completely entwined with the characters
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Well written and very compelling.
Couldn't put this book down!Heartbreaking  , beautifully written.
Excellent read....couldn't put it down. One of Hannah's best yet.
Great story.  Have given it as a gift and recommended it to many.
WWII story taking place in France about two sisters.  Great read!
Really enjoyed this story of a family's life in France during WW2
One of the best books I have read in years.  Absolutely gripping!
Lest we forget man,s inhumanity to man! Everyone should read thus
Outstanding book--I hated to put it down--very intense storyline.
By far, one of the best, possibly the best book I have ever read!
Loved it!  Can't stop thinking about it. Such an emotional story.
Wonderful read that will keep you riveted. Hard to put book down!
I couldn't stop crying at the end. I loved it. Very well written.
The magnificent conclusion redeemed this otherwise plodding plot.
Wonderful!! Cried at least three times while reading it! So good!
Good relationships established.<br/>Totally holds your interest!
Best w w II book ever.  All kinds of emotions.  You will love it.
I have recommended the book to many people. Enjoyed it very much.
O.K., but "All the light you cannot see" was much better.
I enjoyed this book from beginning to the end.  Wonderful ending/
Beautifully written and a real page turner. Couldn't put it down.
An outstanding story and so well presented.  Absolutely loved it!
Excellent in every way:  plot, writing, character development ...
Loved it and hated it to end.  plus, you learned so much history.
I loved this book.  Sad but held my interest all the way through.
Excellent story. Great character development. A real page turner.
Well written, engrossing story and emotional ending. A must read.
Loved this author's style and will read more of her work! Thanks!
Fabulous, descriptive, held your attention from beginning to end.
Wonderful book .  Couldn't pug it down .  Recommend it completely
Loved it!  One of the best books I have read in a very long time.
Wow!<br/>A stay up all night because you can't put it down book.
Amazing writing, intriguing story, masterful can't put down book.
Absolutely loved it !!!! Will recommend to all my fellow readers.
A great story of the French occupation by the Germans during WW2.
This was  a great novel. I could hardly set it down.  Great book.
Really enjoyed this book and have recommended it to many friends.
I always read a cross-section of reviews before I buy a book. Just interests me. I believe that it was one of the 2 star reviews which read something like "This book was too much aout the war." Ohhhhh.....the book ABOUT WWII in France had too much in it about the war in France? Yours is one very insightful, unique review.
A powerful and well written story with a most satisfying ending.
Great story and good writing.  Very suspenseful and good twists.
Loved the story.  Very well written.  Found some parts very sad.
A wonderful look at the world most of us knew very little about.
Gripping story on heroism, sacrifices and the sufferings in WWII
May not be historically accurate but it is an entertaining book.
A really great read with many interesting plot twists and turns.
A terrific story.... great characters..... couldn't put it down.
Really enjoyed this book!  Good characters and history built in.
I really enjoyed this book - lots of twists - a lovely ending 😊
Awesome book! I have passed it on as a must read to my daughter.
It  was a beautifully written book with a very touching ending!!
Couldn't put this book down.  Made me cry at times.  Great read.
One of the best books I've read.  I could not put it down. Great
Enjoyed the book - hard to put down.  It made me cry in the end.
I couldn't put it down.  Very good writing, I would recommed it.
Heart renching and I think it told a gruesome tale of WORD WAR 2
This book captivated me from start to finish.  Highly recommend.
good book  shows civilian side of suffering in France during war
One of the best!  Would love to read more of this author's work.
Slow to start but so glad I did not give up on it. Well written.
Great read... Kept me interested. I like the way it was written.
What a page turner, I loved this book. Well done Kristin Hannah!
Excellent story well written I think one of the best of the year
I could hardly put my Kindle down.  Enjoyed from start to finish.
i loved this book. stayed in my thoughts long after i read it. .
I liked the story. It was suspenseful and had a surprise ending.
One of the best books I've ever read...can't wait for the movie!
I really enjoyed this book and the parallel lives of two sisters
this is my favorite book of the year...absolutely and must read.
This book is the best book that I have read in a very long time.
Great read.  Strong female characters.  Could not put book down!
Thought it was a fantastic story of survival in difficult times.
Extremely interesting, superbly written, I couldn't put it down.
I couldn't put it down, an emotional and historic tour de force.
It's another Kristin Hannah hit.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book
This book was amazing, one of the best I've read in a long time.
This is Kristin Hannah's best work yet.  I couldn't put it down.
Eye opener to conditions in Europe during the second world war.
Excellent book, well written with a surprise ending.  Loved it!
Excellent book, but subject matter was very brutal (the Nazi's)
Very enjoyable read where you also get insight of some history.
A good story but hard to read at times. Did my share of crying.
Well written, interesting style, heart-wrenching subject matter
One of the best books I've read all year.  Highly recommend it.
A pretty sad story, but well told and certainly worth the read.
It's a time in history we should never forget.  Very inspiring.
Suspenseful yet had me crying at the end. Couldn't put it down!
Great. book! Heart breaking at times, but couldn't put it down.
Epic story with great characters. I couldn't put the book down!
One of the best books I have ever read. Could not put it down!!
Very interesting account of what went on in France during WWII.
A wonderful insightful read during some of our darker days.....
Well written story of the French people suffering during WW II.
I loved it and am looking forward to our book club discussion .
I bought this book for 2 of my favorite people...they loved it.
One of those books where you're sad to see it end... SO good!!!
Terrific book.  I have recommended it to all my reader friends.
Great book! Interesting that it was from a woman's perspective.
Absolutely loved it.  Like a good movie, I hated for it to end.
Great read.  I couldn't put it down.  Strong female characters!
Compelling, suspenseful and interesting. I couldn't put it down
In the right hands, this story would make an exceptional movie.
This was an excellent book.  I had a hard time putting it down.
This book was a tear jerker, but one that was hard to put down.
Perhaps in my very short list of favorite books I've ever read!
Amazing book. Very moving and brought tears of sadness and joy.
beautiful story. I loved the sisters and the end brought tears.
The Nightingale enters my Top Ten list.  Educational WWI story.
Excellent reading.  I liked it.  A vivid mystery until the end.
One of her best. Pulled an all nighter. Did not want it to end.
A great book!!!  I loved every page-and the ending was amazing.
So good it was hard to put down. The best I've read for a year.
I loved this book, I have learned so much ,that I did not know.
Excellent story line and well written<br/>And a little history
Well written presentation of the French Resistance  during WWII
Definitely a good read. I can't wait to pass it on to a friend.
Absolutely once of fiinest novels I've ever read.  A must read!
Great story about choices that might be faced in times of war.
Amazon Prime is amazing.. So fast and easy and has everything!
Wonderful, exhausting read. Stayed up watpy to late to finish.
Gives an understanding of what the French went through in WWII
It was a tough book to get through but I enjoyed it very much.
Didn't want to put the book down.  Exciting and we'll written.
One of the 5 best books I have read.  Recommend it to everyine
Very powerful.  Could not put it down.  I recommend this book.
Very good. I had a hard time putting the book down! Thumbs up!
Best book I've read in quite some time--absolutely loved it!!!
The most amazing book I have ever read. It will not disappoint
Absolutely loved this book - one of the best I've read lately!
Kept my attention through the whole story.  Very well written.
Wonderful story.  Only half way through but loving every page.
Absolutely amazing read! This book would be a great movie too!
I couldn't put it down after the first chapter.  A good read..
I love Kristin Hannah's stories and enjoyed this one very much
The book really holds your interest! Such a great story teller
Very good story, many twists and turns to intrigue the reader.
Loved this story of two sisters love, strength and resilience.
Very good story. Mediocre writing. Found the dialogue stilted.
A BOOK THAT KEPT UR ATTENTION FROM START TO FINISH...EXCELLENT
Excellent. Can't put the book down.<br/>One my favorite books
It was great  Just enough history and personal story together!
Good story line but seemed to drag at times seemed repetitive.
Interesting and well-written, I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.
I loved the book - it is so realaist of the time I lived thro.
Not the usual Kristin Hannah book. More depth not a soap opera
amazing book... could not put it down...  well worth the hours
Addicting. Historical.  Passionate.<br/>Couldn't put it down.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Plan to use for my Bookclub. DMA
Absolutely one of my favorite books. I did not want it to end.
Great book. Loved the story and how the author tells the story
This is a beautiful story. Well written. I would recommend it.
Love the story!  Great history lesson and love story combined!
I enjoy a historical novel and this certainly filled the bill.
I LOVED the book! It was a great story and I loved the ending.
Read this with my book club. By far one of my favorite books!
I thought it was one of the best books I read in a long time.
There not enough stars to say how good and true this book was
Inspiring and emotionally gripping story wonderfully written.
Good writing, engrossing story, but a dark period in history.
So real felt I was there..so enjoyed..hated that it ended....
I thought enjoyed this book, a great cannot put it down book.
A really good read. Hard to put down and sorry when it ended.
It was awesome a very good read if you like this type of book
Loved the book!  Thought provoking and freak for discussions.
One of the best books I have ever read.  Educational as well.
loved it looking forward to her next read one of my favorite.
Great Read!!  Couldn't put it down....was sad to have it end!
Excellent story set during the time of hitler. Really enjoyed
Excellent book.  Real page turner and would recommend to all.
one of the best books of the year, well written, great story.
It was fantastic. One of the best books I have read all year.
This was quite different from her other books, but very good!
Nicely written, good story, kept me interested the whole time
A really great book .Pray that this never happens in America.
Loved the writing style and the novel.  It was a page turner.
Gripping, well written.  A page turner that you can't it down
really enjoyed it. thou end sort of predictable, surprised me
Book wonderfully written at a time when life was so hopeless.
Excellent, as all of her other books. Would highly recommend.
I became completely absorbed by the characters and the story.
Fascinating as to how civilians help the resistance in France
Very good book and well written. Kept you interested throuout
Enjoyable read that keeps you in suspense until the very end.
although sometimes disturbing I found the book very compeling
I've read 2 of Kristen Hannah's books and will now read more!
I cried and laughed through most of it. Couldn't put it down.
Great book I finished it into days just couldn't put it down.
Excellent and well written book. I would highly recommend it!
A GREAT BOOK. I DID NOT WANT IT TO END. I CRIED SEVERAL TIMES
Touching, painful, realistic, loving story of WWll. Loved it!
Excellent read. Very interesting and keeps you turning pages.
I was a little confused in the beginning. I enjoyed the book.
Amazon book! One of the best I've read. Sad but so impactful!
One of the best books I have ever read, highly recommend it!!
Totally surprised at the ending. Great character development.
Loved the book, from beginning to end, could not put it down.
Interesting plot.  Provocative characters and many surprises.
Good read!! Recommend for those who enjoy historical fiction.
Incorporating history into the book made it more interesting.
i love the read every will written and kept you part involved
Wonderful storyline with characters you didn't want to leave!
A page turner! And I haven't stopped thinking about the book.
Loved it. All her books are great. This was very educational.
Very moving and amazing.  The characters were extremely real!
Found it very interesting and informative ,Enjoy very much !!
A compelling story about the French underground during WWII.
A very well written book describing a very difficult subject
Really enjoyed the story and getting to know the characters.
A must read,  I couldn't  put it down!!  Read it in two days
This was a truly awesome book. I was very sad when it ended.
This book is worth more than 5 stars. A tear jerker as well.
Loved this book. Well written and would highly recommend it.
A great read.  Especially for a WWII historical fiction fan.
My wife thought this was one of the best books she has read!
A fabulous coming of age tale about the making of a heroine.
A wonderful read, too good to put down but sad when it ends.
Thought this was a well written novel and kept my attention.
A splendidly woven tale with remarkable historical accuracy.
Engaging story with unexpected ending that left me in tears.
A wonderful book which I have mailed to my friend in France!
a unique perspective on WWII ... a look from defeated France
A good read that is somewhat disturbing due to WWII content.
I love Kristin Hannah's books!  And this is one of her best!
A sad but romantic story of WWIi France, beautifully written
I really enjoyed this book.  One of my favorites of the year
I enjoyed reading this book. Well written with a good story.
Wonderfully written!  I could not put it down!  A must read!
Strong sisters make very different contributions to the waf.
Loved this book. The story was real and beautifully written.
kristin hannah is a wonderful writer and holds your interest
This is a story that will stay with me for a very long time.
I really liked this book...takes place in France during WWII
Story is beautiful told and from an interesting perspective.
Enjoyed this book. Really like all of Kristen Hannah's works
A wonderfully written story.  I was deeply moved at the end.
The ending was full of "oh my goodness" information.
Very good but I am not finished the book. Holds my interest.
Great read.....couldn't  put it down.....highly recommend it
This book was so good.  I have recommended it to my friends.
As good a book as I have ever read, well written, good read.
Riveting story about life & survival in Nazi occupied France
Had no idea what it  would be about. Thoroughly enjoyed it!!
One of the best books i have read. Everyone should  read it.
This is one of those books that never completely leaves you!
Excellent story, well done historical romance with intrigue.
A well written and interesting story.  It was a great read!!
Great book, everyone should read about this time in history.
Fantastic read! I would go back and read it again and again.
I LOVED this book.  Beautifully written. Highly recommended!
Thoroughly enjoyed the book - really did not want it to end!
I didn't appreciate what the French experienced during WWII.
IS IT REALLY POSSIIBLE TAHT THE GERMANS WHERE THAT MEAN ----
loved this book - couldn't put it down until I was finished.
Picked this for book club. Historical fiction at its finest.
It was a good story, but pretty depressing at the same time!
Great story with a surprising end! Enjoyed it very much.....
Suspenseful story of the bravery of women in WWII France....
The Nightingale is a very well written and interesting read.
Super book - I wanted to reread it as soon as I finished it.
Best book I've read all year.  I cried like a freaking baby!
This story sticks with you long after you finish reading it.
well written, interesting story, great character development
Very good, well written, kept your interest right to the end
Wonderful story! Did not want it to end. Really wanted more!
one of the best books I have read in a very long time!!!!!!!
Excellent book, it deserves to be on the best seller's list!
This was a fascinating novel. I was surprised by the ending.
I couldn't put it down.  Read whenever I could.  Great book.
Absolutely one of the best books I have read in a long time!
Thoroughly engrossing book, well written and all-involving.
A page turner! a departure from her usual books! Excellent!
Beautifull written story that you will find hard to forget.
Loved it! It was hard to put down. Definitely a page turner
A testament to the human spirit, determination and purpose.
Loved this book, made me grateful for the times we live in.
Best non historical fiction that I have read in a long time
Great historical novel with many thought provoking moments.
I LOVED IT ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME
Very hard material to digest, but an eye-opener. Well done.
Great book about the French resistance.  Well worth reading
Very good look at a horrible war.  From women's involvement
I don't speak French and had no idea what Nightingale meant
Well written story of tragedy, triumph, love and sacrifice.
Loved the book could'\n't stop reading,couldnt put it away!
Excellent book, once you started it, you can't put it down.
I changed my feelings about France after reading this book.
Brilliant writing... Fascinating story beautifully written.
Great Read...one of those books you don't want to put down!
very good.interesting story. historically interesting also,
Enjoyed immensely! Read in two days--I was sorry it ended!!
A little tedious with the build up but grabs you as you go.
Loved it - cried when it was over. Recommend it to everyone
Unbelievable story about the French Resistance during WWII.
Loved it.  Lived in France.  Brought back lots of memories.
This is a great book!  The best I have read in a long time!
Love all of Kristin Hannah's book. This did not disappoint.
Mesmerizing read about sacrifices made on behalf of others.
Should be required reading in every high school in the U.S.
Love stories like this - very good book Hannah - thank you!
Well written and imaginative. I didn't want to put it down.
excellent book!  It just got better as it moved to the end.
Very well written account of the French Resistance in WWII.
Well written story of the ways people survive during WW II.
This was a book my book club read and all ranked it 5 star.
Wonderful book.  Well written.  Good chatscter development.
Fantastic book. Could not put it down. Well worth the read!
Loved it! It was one of those books you didn't want to end.
Excellent book...a little brutal in parts but a great read.
Enjoyed this book .  Difficult for me to put the book down.
It was a beautifully written book. I could not put it down.
Great book.  Really enjoyed it. Highly recommend this book.
Wonderful story and cast of characters ....loved every word
This novel was well written.  The ending was a tear jerker.
One of the best books I have read. Good historical fiction.
I didn't want the book to end.  That's how much I liked it.
It was a great book. I can never put down one of her books!
Well researched;  good characters;  compelling story line.
Intriging story lines.  I felt invested in the characters.
Fabulous . Beautifully written.  Very sad....Very real....
Kristin is a very good author. She keeps the story moving.
One of the best books I've read over the past few years!!!
Bit of a slow start, but ends up as quite the page-turner.
Difficult to read but keeps you wanting more.  Great read!
LOVED THIS BOOK SO MUCH FELT LIKE I WAS IN THE RESISTENCE.
This was a riveting story that you don't want to put down!
Beautifully written and a great story of courage and love.
Different subject for Kristin Hannah and enjoyed the book.
Amazing. That is all I can say about this book. AMAZING!!!
A very well written story of French Resistance during WWII
It was a good book. Had me interest from beginning to end.
A wonderful read. very sad  in many parts but well written
Love this Kristen Hannah story.  It's well worth the read.
Simply put...this book is amazing. Definitely a must read!
Good read but a little heavy at times. Did cry at the end!
Most fantastic book I have read. Recommend it to everyone.
Loved this book!! An easy read that tugs on your emotions.
This was an excellent read.  I enjoyed every minute of it.
Enjoyed this storyline, just wish it wasn't based on fact.
Loved the story! The story was very engaging and exciting.
I have already told many about it and highly recommend it!
Wonderful. Couldn't put it down and didn't want it to end.
A very good and easy read. I would recommend it to anyone!
I will recommend this book to others.  It was a good read.
This was a wonderful story. I couldn't put the book down!!
Very good read. Kept you interested the whole way through.
Really enjoyed reading this book.  I couldn't put it down.
One of the best books I've ever read. Beautifully written!
PHENOMENAL BOOK! Probably my favorite book I've ever read.
Fantastic story. One of the best I've read in a long time.
A really enjoyable read.  Best book I have read this year.
It was a very well written and very hard to put down book.
Loved it!  But, it's Kristen Hannah!  What do you expect?!
It was a wonderful book and my entire book club loved it!!
Excellent story.  Kept my attention.  A real page turner..
So real!  Heart wrenching and victorious at the same time.
Hard to read because of the subject but very well written.
I haven't read a good book for awhile, this one is a must!
Loved it, Kristin Hannah always delivers the best stories.
ONE OF THE MOST POIGNANT BOOKS I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME.
Very descriptive writing...felt like I was actually there.
This is a great story, quick read, I couldn't put it down.
Great book.  One of those books that are hard to put down.
Beautiful story, beautifully written.  A real page turner!
The Nightingale is a story of love and family in the terrible time of the German occupation of France during WWII.  It is the story of two sisters struggling to hold onto life, love and hope in a time of peril. One is impetuous and determined to fight to free her country at any cost.  The other is a mother and wife who tries just to survive.  Both are tested again and again and watch those around them get rounded up and "deported."  The author masterfully tells the tale of what it must have been like for most families in France at the time. Even thought I know this is fictional, the author uses real life events to make it seem real. It is a heart wrenching and heart breaking story that is full of love, strength and hope.<br/><br/>The audio book's reader does a wonderful job bringing the characters to life. It is sometimes hard to imagine it is just one person doing it all. Some reviewers did not like the French accents but I like it.  The book is on a 14 disc set and is unabridged, with a run time of 17.5 hours. I listened to this a lot on my commute, but toward the end when the book began to get more intense, and the history of the time became more real and disturbing, I listened at home with my headphones. The atrocities that the French people endured became too overwhelming for a commute home.<br/><br/>This was a powerful book that was well written. It really touched my heart and made me appreciate what I have.  Kudos to Kristin Hannah.
This was a book I wish I were beginning AGAIN. I couldn't put it down and thought about these characters when I wasn't reading. I can't imagine the bravery and will to live these people endured during World War Two. Thought I'd read enough on the holocaust but this tugged at me throughout.
I could not put this book down!!. The characters are so vibrant, the writing superb.<br/>It feels as if I were there alongside Isabelle and Vianne. The role women played in the French resistance movement during World War II is brought to life in amazing detail in this superbly written book.
It made you think what could happen here.  Great writing.
Shows the strength of women during WWIi.  Very emotional.
Enjoyed the book despite the horrible subject. Easy read!
The Nightingale is one of the best books I',ve ever read.
A wonderful read about the suffering and fear during WWII
Excellent book-historically accurate.Poignant to the end.
A very good read although a bit overly dramatic at times.
Hard to put down.  Interesting characters presented well.
Wonderful book. Keeps you interested all the way through.
Beautiful but sad story.  Well writen highly recommended.
not bad.  a bit sappy at time (chicky) but worth the read
What a story, and in the world end, it is all about love.
A very well written book.  I read it in a couple of days.
Loved this book! I'm recommending it to all my friends!!!
A truly amazing book.  I had a hard time putting it down.
One of the best written books I have read in a long time.
COULD NOT PUT THE BOOK DOWN.  INTERESTING AND INFORMATIVE
My husband and I give it 5 stars. Captivating story line.
Love historical fiction! This was extremely well written.
One of the best books I have ever read! Highly recommend!
Great story line, character development and writing style
Completely engaging historical fiction!! Well researched!
This is a wonderful story. I am telling my friends about.
Great book one you can hardly put down. Highly recommend.
This is my first book by Kristin Hannah and I enjoyed it.
Good historical story. I learned history from this story.
Our book club selection...generated a great conversation!
The Nightingale kept me interested from beginning to end.
Excellent.  Engrossing story.  I was sorry when it ended.
Kristen Hannah has done it again! Could not put this down
It was a very interesting story based on many true facts.
Very engaging. Different than other Kristin Hannah books.
Best book I've read in years.  Would highly recommend it.
Loved everything about this book and recommend it highly.
Best book I have ever read!  Congratulation Kristin Hanah
this is an exceptional book, one that I could read again.
Excellent book.  Every page has you holding your breath.
I love Kristin Hannah's books.  This is one of her best!
Very well written although the story is painful to read.
Thoroughly enjoyed the book.  It was a real page turner.
Great read-- I really enjoyed every minute of this book.
Very Intense subject matter, but I couldn't put it down.
riveting, especially what's going on in our world today.
Excellent book!  One of the best that I've read in 2015.
Great read. Looking forward to reading more by Ms Hannah
I couldn't put the book down and hated it when it ended.
An interesting story, written well. A bit predictable...
powerful and impactful story of different kinds of love.
this book is one of my favorites. I read it in two days.
Complex story, well written and strong female characters
Excellent writing. Couldn't put it down. Just loved it!!
Loved this book.  Excited to read more by Kristin Hannah
A wonderful read giving a different perspective to WWII.
A good read. As always, I find the ending disappointing.
An intense and well written World War 2 story. Loved it.
Loved the story.  Ms. Hannah is a wonderful storyteller!
Fantastic, action-packed, suspenseful World War 2 story!
THE BEST BOOK I HAVE READ IN AGES. COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN
very well written novel, but you definitely need a hanky
I felt the story was all right but the writing was weak.
This is a lame book about WWII and how it affected civilian lives. The characters were weak and not anything like I would have expected Germans and French to act and react to the circumstances they found themselves. If you want light reading and not much plot it will work for you.
One of my favorite reads by one of my favorite authors!
Inside view on what the people of France had to endure.
Loved it, would recommend it to those who like history.
Fabulous! Fabulous! Fabulous! I want to read it again!!
This was a book I could not put down.  Loved this read!
best book I have read in two years, beautifully written
Absolutely fabulous book. I was sad that it had to end.
Excellent read!! Keeps you engaged from the first page!
Very detailed but interesting story line.  Very moving.
Loved it!!! There should be a movie based on this book.
Moving book! Snipers of stories my Grandparents told me
Wonderful well written story of World War II in France.
Fantastic, gripping, well written book.  A must read!!!
very good view on the wwII from a different perspective
A thoroughly captivating read.  I couldn't put it down.
I love WWII stories and this is in my top 5!  Loved it!
Very interesting read. Had a hard time putting it down.
Great novel! Suspenseful and well developed chaarcters.
Excellent book. Well written. I would highly recommend!
Fabulous book! Loved every minute of it. Great ending!!
Excellent read -would recommend to anyone ! Love it ...
Spellbinding story, a real page turner. Best of Hannah!
Amazing story. So well done despite the horrors of WWII
I couldn't put this book down.  What a beautiful story!
I loved the book and cried my way trough many chapters.
Beautiful and well told story.  I couldn't put it down.
Excellent book. Painful history we should all remember.
Loved the characters in this book didn't want it to end
Could not put the book down. Recommended to my friends.
Excellent historical read...some parts hard to read....
Loved it very interesting and exciting start to finish.
I absolutely loved this novel, I could not put it down!
It was one of the best book I have read in a long time.
Great book - The book held my interest in its entirety.
Not really like any of her other books, but I loved it.
Wonderful read.  This will be a movie!!!  Loved it!!!!!
She is a great writer.  You will not put  the book down
A SAGA OF TWO SISTERS...WELL WRITTEN AND A PAGE TURNER.
Historically accurate and enlightening.  A great story.
Treat yourself to exceptional writing. Very compelling.
Honestly and beautifully written. Couldn't put it down.
I didn't want it to end;;exciting from beginning to end
Loved the storyline!! Good mix of history and fiction!!
Loved it and wish I could find more books just like it.
Best book I have read in years. Touching and beautiful!
Will be read others by this author.  Very well written.
Well written!  Another book that you can't put it down.
best book I have read in a long time, great store line.
France in WWII.  Interesting from a female perspective.
Great book filled with history. Couldn't put it down!!!
well worth the read.  It is my favorite book currently.
Well written.  Keeps you wanting to read.  War is hell!
Couldn't put the book down. Sad, but needed to be told.
One of the best books i have ever read.  Just loved it.
An amazing story. There were many heroines during WWII.
Once again Kristin Hannah made me smile, cry and think.
Kristin Hannah never disappoints. Excellent story line.
One of the very best books I've ever read I loved it❤️
Couldn't put it down. A lot of intrigue yet tender....
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Could not put it down.
Was a great book Held my interest all the way through.
Totally keeps you engaged. Didn't want to put it down.
Loved the book and plan on reading more by the author.
Riveting.  I could not put it down - read until 3am...
Great read!  Loved the character and flow of the book.
What a wonderful book.  Loved it. One of my favorites.
This is honestly one of the best books I've ever read.
Heartrenching very good book. I recommend very highly.
We must never forget what the French went thu in WWII.
One of the better historical fiction book I ever read!
Beautifully written. Touching and telling. I loved it!
Good story, kept my interest throughout. Well written.
The best story ever, the book itself is a work of art.
This book makes you appreciate the life we live today.
Great read and loved the characters. Highly recommend.
Sorry when it ended.  Well written, thought provoking.
The most interesting of stories l couldn't put it down
Wow. Reached right in and turned my heart upside down.
Its so good to find a book you want to finish reading.
Great story. Well written would make a fantastic movie
Excellent writing. Heart wrenching at times. Loved it.
I cried through the second half<br/>.it was wonderful
This book is excellent. Great story and great writing!
Great book!  Could not put it down.  Highly recommend.
Grabs you from the beginning and keeps on building!!!!
Couldn't put it down! Cared about all the characters.i
Very good read.  Romance, History....a very good book.
One of the best books I've ever read. Hated it to end!
What great story about the French in WWII. I loved it!
Good, but have enjoyed some of her other books better.
Simply amazing! Another side of the sad story of WW II
I really enjoyed the book. I liked how it was wtitten.
Great book, couldn't put it down. Good history lesson!
Loved every page! Kristin Hannah never disappoints me!
A truly amazing story of love and devotion. Must read!
This was a very good book.  Well written, fast moving.
One of the best books I have read in a very long time.
Excellent  reading. Didn't want to put the  book down.
Very well written. Holds your attention on every page.
Quite possibly the best book on holocaust I've read!!!
Very much enjoyed it. Almost as good as Winter Garden.
Best book I have ever read! Good from start to finish.
I'm a very avid reader and this was an addicting book.
The ending is confusing as how did she get to America?
Amazing story & beautifully written! Highly recommend!
Great book, kept your interest through out the book...
very good book about WW11 and what happened in France.
enjoyed this book, sad reminder of the effects of war.
Great book! Well written. I learned so much about WW2.
Loved it. One of the best books I have read this year.
Seriously, one of the best novels I have ever read!!!!
Such a poignant story from two powerful women in WWII.
Written so very well; but extremely stressful to read!
Excellent read. The last half of the book confirms it.
Very well written. Story is good and great characters.
Very enjoyable story. I love Kristin Hannah's writing.
It was a page turner and I enjoyed reading Nigjtingale
Love Kristin Hannah books!!!!  This may be her best!😊
This is the best book that I have read in a long time.
once in a while a great book comes along.  This is it.
I have never read a book of her's that I did not like.
I absolutely loved this book.  I couldn't put it down.
An excellant book, extremely well written. I loved it.
Loved this book, Kristen is getting better and better,
Best book I've read this year.  Could not put it down!
beautifully written - a story unbelievable - must read
Definitely a must read!  I absolutely loved this book!
A page turner! Another great book from Kristin Hannah
So well written.  Easy to follow changing time lines.
The Nightingale was an intriguing, interesting novel.
Great read. Was recommended highly; and encouragement
Beautiful and engaging story! I couldn't put it down!
Loved this book. Well written. Fell apart at the end.
Great read especially if you like historical fiction.
An absolutely fantastic novel! Could not put it down.
My favorite book of the year - could not put it down!
Great read.  Thoroughly enjoy Kristin Hannah's books!
Great book, lovely story that made me cry at the end.
What a great read - one I would recommend for anyone.
sadest book I have ever read-But truthful and hopeful
One of the best books I've read.  Highly recommended.
More about the French underground and the SS cruelty.
A very moving book.  Didn't want it to end. Loved it.
Excellent book.  Hard to put down.  Highly recommend.
One, if not the best book I have read in a long time.
Wonderful Book, but I am a big fan of Kristin Hannah.
Quite possibly the best book I've read in many years.
Loved this book. Couldn't put it down from the start.
By far one of the top five best books I've ever read!
This is a good story and is well written.  Enjoyable.
Brought incite to the war and the French underground.
Excellent read.  Brought tears to my eyes at the end.
It holds you from start to finish.  An excellent read
Thoroughly enjoyed this book...from beginning to end.
Absolutely LOVED this book...I didn't want it to end.
Great story. So well written.  Didn't want it to end.
Well developed characters with a meaningful situation
What a great book! Bring the tissues towards the end!
I loved this book. These women are the hero's of WW11
Beautiful and moving- I would recommend it to anyone!
It was a good read. A different look at World War II.
Slow moving in beginning. But enjoyed the second half
Very well written with interesting character studies.
Great book. Surprising ending. Interested characters.
Wonderful story about life under Nazi rule in France.
Really enjoyed this book. I would highly recommend it
This is a very believal story set in occupied France.
Yet another good story about WWll and the occupation.
I more than enjoyed the book.  I highly recommend it.
One of the best books I have read in a long long time
A wonderful story.  Keeps you engaged start to finish
Wonderful story-loved the book and so did my husband.
Outstanding!!  Insightful and beautifully told story.
Very compelling.  A "can't put it down" read.
Thoroughly enjoyed it!  Well written and informative.
Great book on WWII. Kristin Hannah never disappoints.
Riveting!  Would we each have the courage to do this?
Great read... interesting plot...loved the characters
This was one of the best books I have read this year.
Another awesome novel by one of my favorite authors!!
This book drew me in from the start and never let go!
So we'll<br/> Researched and well written!!  bravo  Kristin hannah!  I will never, ever forget this book!  I learned so much about the War from this book that I never could have imagined!<br/>Indoor mean the camps but the everyday suffering of the French families!
Thought that I was done with reading novel's about WWII, but glad I made an exception for The Nightingale.  It is a sad and poignant story of survival, family, loss, and finding a way through devastation.  I will long remember the stories of Isabelle and Vianne.
Amazing....keeps you engaged through the entire book
One of the best books I've ever read and cried over.
I've read several of her books and this is her best!
loved this book,kept me reading late into the night.
Fantastic. Fast read. Loved it. Beautifully written.
One of the best books I've read in such a long time.
One of the best ever! Heart wrenching but excellent.
Great read!  Awesome book that I completely enjoyed.
Great book with great characters. Really enjoyed it!
Well written.  Compeling story.  Likable characters.
Could not put this book down.  Page turner for sure.
I'm still reading so I can't give a complete review.
I expect that this story could be based on actuality
This is a great story...very sad. Very well written.
Excellent book. A must read. I thoroughly enjoyed it
A fantastic look into life in France during the war.
Wonderful book. Great ending. Keep thinking about it
Fast reading once started couldn't put the book down
Fast read. Amazing view from different sets of eyes.
Brilliant characters.. So real,so easy to relate to.
ranks as one of the best books I have read this year
The book was great but left quite a  few loose ends.
Fabulous! One of the best books that I've ever read!
A riveting Story with lots of good historical facts.
wonderful character development and great story line
Very good reading for  a terrible time in our lives.
Excellent.  Intrigue.  Romance.n fearful. Has it all
Great read! The descriptions make you feel the pain.
Best book I've read in a long time and I read a lot!
Great historical fiction book .  I loved this story!
Enjoyed even more than all the light you can not see
I couldn't put this book down.  I really enjoyed it.
For those who love histoical fiction....a must read!
Wonderful, suspenseful book. I couldn't put it down.
Best book I've ever read! Would recommend it to all.
Excellent story detailing and character development.
Beautiful story with interesting, complex characters
Great read. Especially for the time period and WWll.
Excellent book combing great storyline and history .
It was a good read.  I would recommend it to anyone.
Wonderful book. I cried, something I don't often do.
Loved the history and full development of characters
Loved the book, sad and hopeful, courageous as well.
Great book.  I enjoyed the story setting in France .
Great book kept me interested.  Good history lesson
Loved the story. Very quick read; hard to put down.
No wonder it's been on the bestseller list so long.
Outstanding writing, and an excellent story as well
Really good book about occupied France during WW II
great  book  very  well  written  retains  interest
This book was incredible.  Definitely recommend it!
Truly enjoyed this book. My book club felt the same
Hands down, one of the BEST books I have ever read.
Excellent book. Highly recommend. Real page turner.
Excellent bok that documents life in war conditions
The story was well paced and so engaging. Loved it.
Loved it !!!Looking for more books written by her!!
wonderful read have suggested it to several friends
Predictable throughout. Nothing new or interesting.
Filled with intrigue of a dark period in history...
Remarkable of occupation of Germans of Paris in WW2
an old story retold and not in a particular new way
Very well written, suspenseful, historical fiction.
Great book!  Have your Kleenex ready for the ending
Gripping as well as informative. Very well written!
I loved this book!!  But all her books are great!!!
Great read exciting and troubling at the same time.
Loved everything about this book. Very well written
One of the best historical fiction books I've read!
This book was a great read. I couldn't set it down.
Love this book.  Well written. Keeps you interested
Amazing historical fiction.  Didn't want it to end!
Wonderful read. Too bad it had to end. Great story.
good story that holds your interest all to the end.
This is an amazing story and I highly recommend it.
Absolutely loved it! Would definitely recommend it.
Keeps you interested! Somewhat sad towards the end.
Well written.  Now I want to read all of her books!
An outstanding story and exceptionally well written
Wonderful & moving story.  I could not put it down!
A really good book, it speaks of hardship and love!
Could not put it down.  Kristin Hannah at her best.
One of Kristin Hannah's best. Couldn't put it down.
I absolutely loved this book.  One of my favorites.
I could hardly put this book down.  Very good read.
This is really a great book, however a tear jerker!
This book was amazing I didn't want to put it down!
One of the best and saddest books I've read lately.
Best Kristin Hannah book yet!  Absolutely loved it.
Very good book. It actually made me cry at the end.
I am still reading this, but really am enjoying it!
You know you've read a great book when you miss it!
A very suspenseful novel and it touches your heart!
from the beginning to end of book kept me engroosed
Good book, but not great. Would still recommend it.
This is the best combination of romance and history
alright, couldn't really connect with the 2 sisters
It's been a while since I've read a book I just couldn't put down.  There are so many stories: family, romance, the war, the occupation, friendship,  courage.  The characters were real people with flaws as well as attributes.  The plot was multi-layered.
I will be reading this book for another Book Club.
One of the best war time stories I have ever read!
This is a work of heart wrenching beauty. Love it.
I really enjoyed this book, I couldn't put it down
excellent book. Probably will be made into  movie.
I don't know how to describe the mood it was wwII.
Very good, loses focus in middle but great ending.
It was a wonderful read.  I could not put it down.
This was one of the best books I've read in years.
Well written and good historical researched facts.
The characters become so real they are your family
Very interesting and exciting storyline. Loving it
Absolutely loved this book.  Couldn't put it down.
Great read. Love the history woven into the novel.
One of the best books I've ever read!  I loved it!
Engaging and well written. I couldn't put it down.
Great Book. One of the best I have read this year.
Wonderful story...very moving...prepare to sob!!!!
Beautiful story. My favorite book of 2015 to date!
Great story about WWII from a woman's perspective.
loved this book, it brought out all your emotions.
One of the best books ever.  Couldn't put it down.
Great book very well written couldn't put it down.
great book, the relationships were a little cheesy
Enjoyed the book, but took a while to get into it.
Very moving. Had to finish -- couldn't put it down
Well written and well-researched.  Wonderful story
Best book I have read in a long time, very moving.
I like it a lot.  It got my attention and kept it.
Best book I've read in years  Highly recommend it.
Engaging. Depicts life in rural France during wwII
Excellent read. Same caliber as Her Winter Garden.
This is a very good book and I enjoyed reading it.
Well worth reading.  It truly keeps your interest.
Excellent read!! Makes you apreciate our freedom😃
Very moving story. Also couldn't put the book down
Newly discovered author for me.  Love her writing.
Incredible story with twists. Beautifully written.
One of the best books I have read in a long while.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book! Very well written.
Riveting from the beginning to end....a good read!
Well written, engaging story from start to finish.
Very well written about a terrible time in history
I couldn't put this book down.  Very well written.
Good character development.  Couldn't put it down!
This could have been edited by a third- repetitive
Being a Kristin Hannah fan loved The Nightingale .
One of the best books I have read in recent times.
Very interesting--held me spellbound until the end
I'M A VETERAN AND FOUND THE STORY VERY INTERESTING
Beautifully developed story.  Wonderful characters
Fantastic book, very well written!!!  Loved it....
Well written.  A very good story.  Excellent book.
This book is a good read.  I couldn't put it down.
excellent book set during a tragic time in history
Great book.  All the characters were well written.
One of the best books I have read in a long time!!
I enjoyed this book and would highly recommend it.
An incredibly wonderful book.  A true page-turner.
I had a hard time putting it down. Excellent book!
Excellently written - a story that has to be tpld.
Amazing book!  Definitely have your tissues ready!
Enjoyed the book so much I did not want it to end.
Excellent story encompassing hope, love and faith.
Excellent story! This book stayed with me for days
Great book. Kept me reading from beginning to end.
This is a book that will stay with me a long time.
Fabulous book. Loved the story brought me to tears
Another Kristen  Hannah success. Great characters.
Riveting story. Hannah has such a gift with words.
One of the best books I've read. Love her books!!!
Wonderful book! Best I have read in a loooong time
I was blown away by The Nightingale. I have read Kristen Hannah’s books for many years, watching her work move out of romantic fiction into more general fiction. Still I was unprepared for how this book grabbed me at first in the attic with the elderly mother and her son. It did not let go until the very end with all identities and fates were revealed. If asked I would say, the Nightingale is the number one must read for 2015.<br/><br/>Not wanting to give away any of the story, I will say I am impressed with the amount of research that must have gone into the preparation of writing this historical fiction story.  I will never think of WWII the same now that I have seen it through the eyes, hearts, and lives of these two sisters and their loves ones.<br/><br/>After all is said and done in the name of war, one sister can still say, “But love has to be stronger than hate, or there is no future for us.” Too me that comment sums up this classic in the making message. How would I describe this story? Powerful. Timeless. Exquisitely written. Poignant, and bittersweet. The “Nightingale” sisters are characters that you are not likely to ever forget.<br/><br/>It is not a 5, but definitely a 10!<br/>NetGalley provided a copy.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.
A good historical story of WW2 French Resistance.
This was a great book.  It was such a good story.
A wonderful book.  I never wanted to put it down.
Beautifully written but difficult subject matter.
Great book!! Would recommend it to all my friends
Excellent. You can't stop once you have started !
Loved it.  Held my interest from beginning to end
One of the best books I have read in a long time.
Not my type of book. I felt it to be a hard read.
excellent portrayal of life in France during WWII
Good story, strong themes, could not put it down.
good story--not a particularly  articulate writer
Excellent. Captivating use of history in fiction.
Some of the dialogue is more English than French.
Loved this book! I was hooked from the beginning!
By far, Kristin Hannah has written her best book!
Recommending it to everyone I know. Such history!
Good read!  Our book club will read in a month...
Beautiful story!! Constant page turner! Loved it!
Great book, highly recommended to all ,y friends.
Beautifully written story ... a real page turner.
Great Book!! It was my favorite book of the year!
Great read from a woman's perspective during WWII
I loved this book, too and didn't want it to end.
Wonderful  character interactions  and conflicts.
Absolutely wonderful story.  Delivery in moments.
One of the best books i have read in a long time.
One of the best books I have read in a long time!
I couldn't put the book down.  It'a show stopper.
Could not put this book down, beautifully written
One of the best books I have read in a long time.
Wonderful book. Always enjoy reading this author.
Loved this book.....the best I have read in ages.
An excellent read!! You will not be disappointed.
One of the best novels I have read in a long time
One of the best books I've read in quite a while.
Great read. Emotional plot. I would recommend it.
Excellent tale. Suspeceful,romantic and touching.
Great book. Sad,but informative and well written.
great book, fast read, with some history added in
A fantastic book. Wish there were others as good.
Fabulous book, wonderful for bookclubs discussion
Wonderful book! Beautiful, heart wrenching story.
My favorite book of the year so far. I loved it!!
A wonderful read<br/>Highly recommend this novel
Great read for those who like historical fiction.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.
Have read several of her books--this is the best.
I liked it but felt it went on a little too long.
Well writtenWWII suspenseful, yet personal story.
My wife is seeking more books by the same author.
Great book. Will read more Kristin Hannah novels.
Powerful, heartbreaking. Evil and beauty entwined
Great read. Couldn't put it down. Love her books.
great read! wish I had more books of this caliber
It is an easy read and hard to put the book down.
Loved this book.  Well written and a page turner.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.
An amazing story of true love during World War 2.
One of the best books I have read since Gone Girl
Most interesting and very sad how terrible war is
I loved it and I cried my eyes out. It was great.
This is an exceptional book. I loved reading it !
Very close to one of best books I have ever read.
one of the best books I've read in a long time!!
Just phenomenal, kept my interest from page one.
This is the best book that I have read in years.
Great story, engaging, surprising and inspiring.
Was a great read. Good choice for our book club.
I did not want to stop reading; very compelling.
Captivating story of french citizens during ww2.
A very easy read while still being well written.
Very good reading, I highly recommend this book.
I felt the loss of war and the strength of love.
Loved it. One of the best WW2 books I have read.
Excellent book.  Well written and a great story.
Wonderful book, tear jerker.  Highly recommend!!
Good story.  A little too romantic/melodramatic.
A really good read. The ending was just as good.
One of the best books I've read in a long time!
Loved this book! Good story line and informative
Loved the book and would subscribe it to anyone!
A wonderful uplifting story. A bit sad but great
Great story of French women/sisters during WWII.
Good...a little predictable, but not a bad read.
Amazing and beautifully written book.  Loved it!
This held my interest from page one! I loved it!
Felt it was an excellent and well written story.
Slow start but really good if you stick with it.
A wonderful read.  It was very hard to put down.
Loved it! Have recommended it to all my friends.
Great story s t art to finish.  Would recommend.
Easy read. Enjoyed the book. Highly recommended.
love wwll stories, and this was one of the best.
I loved and learned so much of thisxentertaining
I love a book based on actual historical events.
One of my most favorite reads. Love, love, love!
I really enjoyed the book.  The ending was a WOW
Best book I've read in a long time!! Fantastic!!
The Nightingale is Kristen Hannah's masterpiece!
Great book, well written. I hated for it to end.
Engrossing story with well developed characters.
She never disappoints! Can't wait for the movie!
I found this book well written and very engaging
Excellent read. Had a hard time putting it down.
Excellent book...I am sad I am finished with it.
Another wonderful story!  I enjoyed this emensly
ONE OF THE BEST BOOK I HAVE READ IN A LONG TIME.
One of the best books I have read in a long time
A little hard to get into, but then it was good.
A page turner. Finished at three in the morning.
Great character development and compelling plot.
I haven't read a book this good in a long time!
One of the best books ! Did not want it to end!
Wonderful story.  Beautifully written as usual,
Very well written book. I couldn't put it down.
Best book I've read in the past couple of years
This was a really good book. Would recommend it
A very compelling story and a real page turner.
excellent view of the frech who resisted Hitler
Loved the book.great adaptation of world war 2.
Excellent read.  You remember each character...
A really good story but a little slow at times.
great book, well-developed story and characters
It was a terrific book! I loved the characters.
Loved this book.  One of Kristin Hannah's best.
One of the best books I've read in a long while
One of my all time favorites.  So well-written.
One of the best books I've read in a long time!
Lovely, engaging and memorable. Stays with you.
I loved this book. I would recommend it highly.
this is one of the best books I have ever read.
A fascinating story<br/>Could not put it down!
Almost as good as All the Light we cCannot See.
Good story.  Well written .  Kept me interested
A decent read but a little too romantic for me.
Spellbinding...such a good book. Loved loved it
The best book I have read for a very long time!
One of the best books I've read in a long time.
Very good. Real page turner.  Hard to put down.
Well written and believable.  Hard to put down.
This is one of the best books I have ever read.
Unexpectedly great read.  Do not miss this one.
A great WWII story from France's point of view.
One of the best books I've read in a long time.
Compelling story that kept me turning the page.
Love a book with strong heroines. A great read!
Wonderful book. Can't wait to read more of hers
This is one of the best books I have ever read!
Liked it and enjoyed the historical part of it.
One of the best books I've read in many a year!
Loved it learned a lot about the Paris heroines
Such an inspiring book with a great love story.
One of the best books! WWII Historical Fiction.
Loved it!! One of my all time favourite reads!!
Excellent as are all of Kristin Hannah's books.
Loved it!  full of history, suspense and drama.
One of the most powerful novels I've ever read!
One of the best books I've read in a long time.
Very good story amazing how cruel people can be
It's was very enjoyable.  Couldn't put it down.
Good read but a little long and tedious at end.
Excellent read!  One of my all time top reads.
I have already written a review of this novel?
Incredible story.. Finished it in one sitting.
Fantastic story, this will be tough to follow.
Kept me needing to find out what happens next.
One of the best historical fictions I've read!
Wonderful story that brought tears to my eyes.
Great book. Strong characters. Good storyline.
Definitely one of Kristin Hannah's best books.
Great book. I had a hard time putting it down.
Was a mesmerizing book! Could not put it down!
Interesting story, kept my interest throughout
Excellent book on a difficult time in history.
Fabulous!! Heartwarming  and heartbreaking!!!!
Fantastic! Heart wrenching but very addictive.
My favorite book I've read this year! Amazing.
Great story, couldn't put it down, page turner
Enjoyed this story! I love historical fiction.
Very well written novel about a horrible time.
A great book if you like World War II history.
Historical drama of WWII that women will love.
Great reading loved it .I would give top marks
LOVE this novel.  I almost want to reread it!!
Fast moving and thought provoking all through.
I was always anxious to get back to the story.
Excellent story - well written and compelling.
Amazing! Best book I have read in a long time!
Loved it!  A really good and compelling story.
This was a great story.  Couldn't put it down.
Very well written book.  loved the characters.
Very good story about heroes of the Holocaust.
Excellent book! One of Kristin Hannah's best!!
Great book, solid story and masterful delivery
Brilliant, heartbroken , page turning book !!!
A great read!  Probably Kristin Hannah's best.
Enjoyed this story especially the second half.
First Kristin Hannah book for me.  I liked it.
Very good book from beginning to the last page
Loved it. Very well researched. A page turner.
started slow, but then picked up tremendously.
This was a fantastic book. I really enjoyed it
Amazing book.. Kristin Hannah always delivers!
Amazing story of some very brave women in WWII
So much like so many stories of World War 11 .
so sorry to see this book end...great story!!!
Really good !  Exciting from start to finish .
Great book!  One of Kristin Hannah's best yet!
Just love her books. This is one of her best!!
Unbelievably good story. Loved the characters.
Everyone I know who read this book raved about it . The authors style of writing did not keep my interest and I don't think she was accurate in regard's to historical facts . But I finished the book hoping it would get better .
Couldn't even finish it....
So impressed, I ordered another of her books.
meaningful, thought provoking, excellent book
What a fabulous book. I couldn't put it down!
I feel the same way about this book well done
I thought it was a beautifully written story.
Liked it,just felt a bit let down at the end.
This was great book.  I couldn't put it down.
I have recommended this book to many friends.
Outstanding book!  Would highly recommend it.
Great insight into life in France during WW2.
Excellent book.  Could not put the book down.
Very interesting book I couldn't put it down.
Great story well told.  Difficult to put down
Yet another wonderful book by Kristin  Hanna.
Well written book,held my interest to the end
Very emotional book.  I couldn't put it down!
This is a very suspenseful book-well written.
Excellent reading.  Love anything by Kristin.
very engrossing story and a real tear jerker.
One of my favorites.  Could not put it down.
Beautifully written.  Could not put it down!
Very interesting, compelling and ended well.
Really enjoyed the characters and the story.
One of the best books I have read in awhile.
Outstanding read! Loved it! Top of the list!
Very interesting!  True story, well written!
Great book! Cried through last few chapters!
It was hard to put the book down.  Loved it!
Very interesting book that I really enjoyed.
WWII story.  Fast moving, fascinating story.
Excellent - historical and hard to put down.
excellent read- best Ihve read ina few years
Great book! Suspenseful and heart wrenching!
What an outstanding story of love & survival
Very good, compellingly story. Well written!
One of the best books I have read in awhile.
Wonderful page turner, from start to finish.
Loved it.  Best book I have read in a while.
How courage is won and how it transforms us.
One of Kristen Hannah's best yet!  Loved it!
Excellent read....I was sorry when it ended.
rreally enjoyed book finished it in two days
One of the best books I have read this year!
Excellent book--could not put the book down.
Couldn't put it down! Excellent writing !!!!
An amazing story by an amazing author  . . .
Great read. Excellent character development!
Hard to get into, then difficult to put down
I loved this book.  I could not put it down!
this was an great book and hard to put down.
Well written; a most enjoyable quick read...
Phenomenal read.<br/>I highly recommend it.
I loved this book.  I didn't want it to end.
very well written. an easy read. I loved it.
A splendid read. I will recommend it highly.
Isee a movie coming.  An excellent read!!!!!
Really enjoyed this book. Cried my eyes out!
What a great book. I recommend it to anyone.
One of the best books that I have ever read!
The graphic violence is hard to get through.
This book will stay with me for a long time.
Good read beginning to the well written end.
Excellent from start to end..a new favorite!
One of the best books I have read this year.
Well written, it was a page turner for sure!
Totally enjoyed this book. Love this Author!
I couldn't put it down. It's great reading!!
Kept me turning pages..I found it excellent!
Amazing story. Held my attention throughout.
Awesome book. Made me feel like I was there!
A Kristin Hannah book is always a good read.
Wonderful story.  Held me tight all the way.
Excellent portrayal of this time in history.
Good book. Learned a lot about France in WW2
Excellent WWII story about French resistance
Most extraordinary-----A real page turner !!
I have read several Kristen Hannah books and have enjoyed them very much.  May favorite was The Winter Garden.  I was hoping that this book would be just as gripping and beautiful.  In addition, I have read many books about World War II.  Each time it has been very satisfying to learn something new about the war.  The author visits the situation in Sarah's Key where the French Jews are held in the arena for days.  I thought she was even going to have someone locked away (garage basement) like in that story.  She mentioned the building set aflame in The Reader.  Did the author just read best sellers for her research?  I learned very little new information about the war.  I did not feel as though I was in the middle of the war when I read the book like I did when I read The Winter Garden.  If you want to read a gripping story about World War II France, I recommend The Girl You Left Behind by Jojo Moyes.  It only takes the first two paragraphs to get your heart pounding.  (The modern day parts of the book are not nearly as exciting.)<br/><br/>Disappointing read.
So many aspects of the war are unknown to me. This book opened my knowledge to hardships the French endured and the actions of many brave people. It's a story of love on so many levels. I couldn't put this book down.
An extraordinary read.  Masterful storytelling about a brutal time in history.  A snapshot of life in occupied France during the Second World War brought to life through complex characters. I wept to the last page.
Loved this book. Very sad, but so engaging!
great story of Nazi occupied France in WW!!
Great book.  Exciting from start to finish.
Could not put the book down.  A must read!!
A great read, inspiring and original story.
I LOVED this book.  I didn't want it to end
It was wonderful! Sorry when I finished it!
Very well written book I really enjoyed it!
Hard to put down once you start reading it.
One of the best books I've read this summer
Great Book...I didn't want to put it down!!
Excellent book!  I was sorry to see it end!
very interesting look at hisstory of nazism
Great story with well-developed characters.
Best  book I have read in a<br/>Long time.
I couldn't put it down; a real page turner.
I think that this may be her best work yet!
Fantastic book, didn't want to put it down!
fantastic story with great depth of writing
I loved this book and couldn't put it down.
Well written by one of my favorite authors.
Love her writing. Think this was best ever!
excellent...keep me wanting to keep reading
Great read!! Didn't want it to end. Thanks.
Great book, lots of interesting characters.
An amazing book-- could hardly put it down!
Page turning ! Couldn't put this book down.
One of the best books I have read in years.
How to explain to you why I only gave an amazing, page turning, unbelievably well written book a 3 star. Hmmm guess I should have paid more attention in school maybe, I'm not sure! After reading the final pages, with tears falling down my checks...I kept reading, turning the pages to learn more. Like did the resistance really use someone like the Nightingale...did woman play such a large role as those described in the war as portrayed in this story....statics even....anything related to the memory of the courageous men and women who fought or fought & died, or just died due to the horrible atrocities that occurred. I understand it was fiction....that does not mean events in the book couldn't have been based on real people or a group of people... it would have been nice to know, and if they were - for them to be acknowledged. At least mention of the courageous people who  survived the camps...something...ANYTHING.<br/><br/>I was very disappointed to instead read flip comments and jokes about people who have helped Kristin Hannah's career (well deserved I'm sure 100%, that's not my point)...that she picked THIS book to do that in. THIS BOOK...It was like pulling up to someone's grave side burial service with a car load of people rolling out with beer, a big cloud of weed rolling out with them & the radio blasting ... the boom boom base vibrating the windows finally shuts off and oops, you took a wrong turn sister...wrong funeral. (That was purely fictional, not ment to offend or insinuate anything except for trying to show an example of how out of place I thought it felt. I do not think it was malicious, maybe it could have been done more sensitive for the heroes & their families or just us heartfelt readers).<br/><br/>I
Nightingale opens, in 1995 at Oregon coast, with one of the Rosignol sisters, Vianne or Isabelle, talking about her past. Until nearly the end of the book, the reader is kept wondering which sister wrote the first pages of the book and who is the one looking back into the past. Great, if a reader enjoys this wondering while sensing that he or she is being kept in the dark purposefully in the name of crafty writing.<br/><br/>Still, I think this is Kristin Hannah’s best book, despite the above ploy and the darkness of the story and the glitch that although the book employs some of the historical facts, not all facts are correct as to the social norms of the time in France and possibly anywhere in Europe. Although the women in the story act as if they are in the later decades of the twentieth century, the relationships between the sisters and among all characters sound psychologically true, and this is the strength of the book. I enjoyed it also because I like Second World War stories. After all, who says a work of fiction has to be 100% correct historically when characterization has been such a superb undertaking?<br/><br/>The story highlights the role of women in the French Resistance, especially focusing on Isabelle and Vianne who, after a sad childhood, have to deal with a Nazi-occupied France and the stormy relationship between the two of them. Whereas the passionate, impulsive, and daredevil Isabelle throws herself into the fight, it takes the laid-back and trusting Vianne a little longer to start helping the Resistance effort, but then Vianne is the older sister with a child that she has to protect, while her husband is away fighting on the front first and later when he becomes a prisoner of war. Moreover, Vianne’s house is billeted by the Nazi officers. The first German officer is Beck who is also shocked by the war but not too bad a person; the one who takes Beck’s place later is an SS officer, cruel and warped in many ways. There is also the two sisters’ father who, unbeknownst to them in the beginning, draws up false documents for the Resistance. In addition, to these main players, the story is rich with other numerous characters who are introduced deftly, so the reader does not mix who’s who in such a crowded cast. Another kudos for the author.<br/><br/>As to its setting, the story takes place mostly in the village of Carriveau in the Loire Valley and in Paris, from the late 1930s until the end of the war, together with the looking-back sections and the events in 1995.<br/><br/>This book is truly a work of inspiration and perspiration, despite its couple of chancy points.
One of the best books I've read this year.
Long time getting through it but worth it.
I have always enjoyed Kristin Hannah books
A great read.I recommend reading the book.
History dramatized, just like it happened!
Enjoyed and would most definetly recommend
Awesome book! One of the best I have read!
I loved the characters, Provençal setting.
An excellent book.  I highly recommend it.
Gripping. The true horror of war comes out
loved every page of this book!  beautiful!
Could not put this well written book down.
One of the best books written this season.
Best book I've read in a long, long, time.
Excellent writing! I couldn't put it down!
Great ,great  book !couldnt put it down!!!
Caught me early on and kept me interested.
Beautifully written and captivating story.
Excellent read!  The visuals were amazing.
Captivating, intriguing, and well written.
Fabulous book.  Very moving.  A must read.
I recommended this book to all my friends.
Loved this book!!  I couldn't put it down!
Really good book and couldn't put it down.
What a great book - could not put it down.
This was a great read.  I loved this book.
Best book I've read this year! Or longer!!
Heavy but gripping book. Very well written
her best book ever  couldn't put it down!!
Beautifully written. Couldn't put it down.
Outstanding. Best book I've read in years!
Kind of a slow start but its a great book!
Another enjoyable book but Kristin Hannah.
Wonderful heartbreaking story of survival.
Great book! Historical fiction at its best
excellent time piece-intriguing-fast paced
One of the very best books I've ever read!
Very entertaining and historically correct
Great read!  I couldn't put the book down.
I could not the book down. Loved the story
Memorable book. Extraordinarily well done
A page turner. You just can't put it down
Very sad page of history.  It made me cry
This book was amazing. Absolutely love it
Really enjoyed this. It was a great read.
most interesting ... a real 'page' turner
Captivated from the beginning to the end.
One of her best.......... very good book.
Great read!  Loved it!  Highly recommend!
Great read!  My husband loved it as well!
Heartbreaking story that is well-written.
a real page turner,  Couldn't put it down
Wonderful book.  Kudos to Kristin Hannah.
One of the best books I have read lately.
I loved the story.  Couldn't put it down.
A great read. I look forward to the film.
Wonderful book. I couldn't put it down!!!
Absolutely loved this book. Get it today!
you feel what the characters are feeling.
Loved it!!! My favorite book this summer.
Just a great book from all points of view
Excellent book. I couldn't put it down!!!
Very good story.  I had tears at the end.
What a great story of WW II. A fast read!
very quick read;entertaining, fast paced!
Good book! Love books about strong women!
Amazing story of the attrocities of WWII!
I loved this book...couldn't put it down!
Wonderful book...I so enjoy this author!!
I loved this book. Didn't want it to end!
Very well written.  Couldn't put it down.
Good book but dragged a bit in the middle
read this on vacation and was enthralled!
Exciting, touching, historical, loved it.
Felt like I was there. Outstanding story!
Great read. Will read more of her novels.
Fabulous, intriguing, educational novel!!
It was such a wonderful book, I loved it.
Keeps you interested until the last page.
I'm still reading it but so far its good.
loved it - and the historical perspective
Great story with drama, suspense and more
Interesting, well-written and compelling.
Kept my attention and could not put down!
a terrific book that I could not put down
The best Kristen Hannah I have ever read.
Should be made into a movie. Great story!
I could not put it down---great read!!!!!
It was a terrific story; one of her best.
MY THOUGHTS<br/><br/>Vianne kisses her husband goodbye when he leaves for the front and her sister, Isabelle runs off to join the fight on her own terms after her boyfriend betrays her.  Now, on her own, Vianne must deal with the enemy on her doorstep and is not given any choices about what she must do to survive and protect her children.  Each sister fights this war in their own way.  Isabelle must grow up quickly and does what she can to rescue airmen and get them to safety.  Because she is so young, she tends to take chances that if her luck would run out, she would be dead.  Vianne, on the other hand, is more mature and knows how to survive.<br/><br/>The story goes into detail, sometimes a bit more violent than I would expect from Hannah, but in keeping with the time period, there is no other way for this to be told.  The book ties in the start of the book’s narrator in 1995 to the ending in quite a nice twist.  Even though it does change pace from modern to historical viewpoints, the story stays constant.  The details about life in general at this time period are at time difficult to read, but so worth it.<br/><br/>Wow.  Kristin Hannah does it again!  This story about two sisters in France during World War II should come with 2 boxes of tissues.  I have always adored the emotional stories of Hannah but this one wrung me dry.  My husband’s uncle was one of the two worst things you could be during this war:  Jewish and French. He survived the war but barely.  My father fought in Germany and my mother used to tell me he woke up at night after horrible nightmares visibly shaking.  Hannah captures that horror and the humanity all within the pages of this book.
This book was tough to read. The writing was beautiful, but the subject? Heart wrenching.<br/><br/>It's about two sisters named Isabelle and Viann. Isabelle is described as "impetuous" whereas Viann follows the rules. They live in France, where life seems to be going okay--well, sort of. Their mother died and their father doesn't seem to want anything to do with them. Viann falls in love and gets married, leaving Isabelle behind.<br/><br/>But then the Germans invade France and trouble begins. Reading this book was difficult, because people really did go through this. For instance, Viann's husband leaves to fight the Germans, so she's left with their daughter. Then one day a German soldier shows up and says he'll be lodging at her house. You couldn't say, "Are you kidding me? Piss off," or else you could be shot. So Viann has to let a total stranger into her home.<br/><br/>Isabelle is livid about all of this. She's furious with the Germans and wants to do something about it. So she joins the French Resistance and becomes known as "The Nightingale" because she helps downed pilots return home. She knows if she's caught that she'll be shot on the spot.<br/><br/>The book will make you cringe because yes, concentration camps are mentioned. The book also describes how food was scarce and how it was difficult to even talk to friends, because the Germans might get suspicious. They didn't really NEED a reason to shoot a person. I imagined myself having to deal with this while parenting my children, and it was tough. A parent wants to protect their kids, always.<br/><br/>So read this book, but do it with a box of tissues nearby.
amazing story based in second war world.
Great read kept me going cover to cover!
Very well written, certain 2 b a winner.
Best story I have read on several years.
Probably the best book I have ever read.
Very suspenseful and well written story.
Best book ever. Could not put it down!!!
One of the two best books I read in 2015
Excellent book...one of the year's best!
Good book if you like this sort of novel
Well written. Great characters and plot.
very well written and interesting story.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Good read
Best book I've read in a very long time.
An absorbing story.  Keeps you guessing.
Hard to put down. Would highly recommend
Kristin Hanna is such a good storyteller
Such a great book! Couldn't put it down.
Very well written and relaxing at times.
Edge of seat book. Couldn't put it down.
Very good. Wanted it to be a true story.
Different from the others but intriguing
Excellent read.  I highly recommend it!!
A great book and interesting story line!
Loved this book. Would recommend to all.
Excellent story with dynamic characters!
Couldn't put it down. Beautiful reading.
One of my favorite Kristin Hannah books.
Could not put this book down - fabulous!
Very well written and emotional journey.
I loved this story. Beautifully written!
Very enjoyable, thought- provoking book.
enjoyable reading -- good history lesson
Highly recommend! Great and moving read!
I loved this book!!  Such a great story.
Real and incredible story. Well written.
Incredible story...definitely recommend!
One of the best books I've ever read!!!!
Good book club read!<br/>Very enjoyable
Sorry it ended.  What beautiful writing.
Very good book.... Couldn't put it down!
Wonderful read, I could not put it down.
Excellent read!  I couldn't put it down.
Excellent read.  I couldn't put it down.
A wonderful read. So real, so touching!!
Fantastic book.  I couldn't put it down.
Incredible story with beautiful writing!
Loved this book from beginning to end!!!
SPECTACULAR book. I absolutely loved it.
Excellent writing about a troubling era.
Riveting page turner. Her best book yet.
Superb, her best work so far! Must read!
Great book - didn't want to put it down.
Great read, thoroughly enjoyed the book.
Loved this book  I couldn't put it down.
Different story line for her, very good.
Wonderful book. Everyone should read it.
Outstanding story, could not put it down
Best book that I've read in a long time.
Loved this book and hated to see it end.
I've stopped reading WW2 books because no matter how beautiful they are, the emotional investment that is required often leaves me depleted for years.  However, I made an exception for this one.  Is it hard?  Yes.  There's no way around it, WW2 is going to take everything.  But the ways you are changed afterwards, the way you examine love -- the message of hope, the true heroism, and the people you will meet and love -- it is all worth it.  You will be different.  And.... you will book your flight to France immediately!  Never before have I truly appreciated how the French had been told that the war was over, that Nazi occupation was simply reality, and therefore the unreal sacrifice of the resistance in the face of impossible odds is so magnified.  In hindsight it's too easy to say: well of course there was the resistance, they were just buying time until the invasion of the Allies.  But Hannah really made me see in technicolor that any allied invasion was in no way on the horizon, the French war was over -- Hitler had won.  I have been worried about my upcoming trip to Paris because of the terrorist threat but after reading this -- I can't wait to go and show I AM WITH FRANCE!  Vive La France!  Also, her ability to get into the confusion of the mind of a Concentration Camp survivor -- examining what it would be like to live with that damage -- so haunting.  I don't want to spoil anything.  I loved the characters.  I truly loved them.  And yes -- my heart was broken -- completely -- irrevocably and then put back together again differently than before and I wouldn't have it any other way.
almost finished. difficult to put down.
Heavy duty material - well done though.
Excellent book. I couldn't put it down.
Wonderful read, I could not put it down
One of the best books I have ever read!
One of the best books I have ever read!
Great book! Love Kristin Hannah,s books
Excellent. Couldn't  put the book down.
Really good story with lots of history.
Excellently written! A wonderful story.
really good book, could not put it down
Loved this book, could not put it down!
I loved this story.  Should be a movie!
It held my interest throughout the book
Excellent book; very emotional to read.
Loved it. Great storyalthough oh so sad
great book.  hard ti,e putting it down.
The book was just OK, a book club read.
Loved this book.  So thought provoking.
I cried it was unreal!!! Amazing!!!!!!!
Great story, with historical reference.
Love the writing style……Love the story.
Recommended by a friend and I loved it!
wonderful story...could not put it down
Love all the history, tore at my heart.
I loved it. Was sorry it came to an end
Another Kristin Hannah great beach read
a wonderful book ...I really enjoyed it
Chick book but it would be a good movie
Heart wrenching story but a great read.
the ending left too many things hanging
The best book I've read in a long time.
It was very enjoyable and an easy read.
Another tear jerker but excellent book!
best book I have read in a long time...
Loved it. Slow start but worth the read
Top on my list of books read this year!
This story about 2 sisters in war torn France, their family conflicts, and their struggle against the Nazis, with the personal choices they had to make, was very well done. It painted an excellent and accurate picture of France, the Vichy government, and the partisan movement,in addition to the story of  two sisters, who were often in conflict with one another. It was a gripping and touching story.
One of the best books I have ever read.
Great read. Kept my interest throughout
It was beautiful. Absolutely beautiful.
Very enjoyable read. Lots of surprises.
enthralling and thought-provoking story
very riveting, interesting and exciting
Excellent, heart breaking, page turner!
.one of the best books I have ever read
One of the best books I have ever read!
One of the best books I have ever read!
Very moving story - beautifully written
very good wwII story with a french view
Such a good book.  I really enjoyed it.
wonderful book---could not put it down.
Spectacular book! Couldn't put it down!
Interesting , sad story told very well!
One of those books I could not put down
Really enjoyed this historical fiction.
Wonderful book.  One of my favorites!!!
Grim topic but good book, well written.
Such a moving story did not want to end
ONe of the best books I have ever read!
Fabulous book. I couldn't put it down..
One of her best!  Every page brilliant.
Excellent novel. Kristin Hannah's best!
very entertaining from beginning to end
Loved this book. Could not put it down.
a very gripping story of survival......
a great read  I enjoyed the entire book
I have enjoyed many books in my life but I must say that this has to be -the best.  Splendidly wrote.  A must read. I really didn't want it to end.  Please read it - you will surely enjoy.
One of the best books I've ever read!!
Amazing book! I could not put it down!
Such strong characters, women and men.
Loved it - it really kept my interest.
One of the best books I've. Ever read!
Well worth the read. Hard to put down!
Good read- enjoyed all the characters.
It was wonderful. The story was great.
Fantastic - many thanks Kristin Hannah
Wonderfully written! Hard to put down.
Excellent book. Couldn't put it down!!
Would give this more stars if I could!
Good read, love Kristin Hannah's books
such an amazing read. Loved this book.
Best book all year! Very well written!
A good read....kept me up too late....
Excellent book!  Couldn't put it down!
It was a great book. Very interesting.
Excellent read…I couldn't put it down!
Best book I have read in a long time!!
Absolutely one of the best reads ever.
Couldn't put it down- her best by far!
Amazing Book! I didn't want it to end!
A very important read,  well written!!
LOVED IT. Twist at the end. good read.
Loved this book.  Hated to see it end.
Very good book.  I would recommend it.
A good insight to the hardships of war
LOVED this book!  Highly recommend it!
Great Read!  Will recommend to others.
Awesome read. Love a powerful heroine!
Best book I have read since Unbroken!!
Fabulous read I couldn't put it down!!
Terrific.  Couldn't put the book down!
I loved this book. So hard to put down
A book that will stay with me forever!
Wonderfully written. Hard to put down.
Loved this book. Could not put it down
Hated for it to end.  Loved the story.
A riveting book! Couldn't put it down.
Best book I have read in quite awhile.
Beautifully written historical fiction
Really difficult to put this one down.
Great read.  Really enjoyed the story.
Excellent book<br/>Enjoyed every page
so real...unable to put the book down!
A very moving almost documentary novel
Couldn't put the book down. Very good.
One of those books you can't put down.
The best read I've had in a long time.
Riveting! Didn't want the book to end.
Awesome book!  Could not put it down !
Great read, read it 2x.  Well written.
excellant book ,one of her better ones
Wonderful book....beautifully written.
Loved the book.  Couldn't put it down!
This book was a "force read". I knew the story was going to get better and it did in the final third of the book. So two thirds were so so but the last third brought it home.
I had very high hopes for this book based on all positive reviews from Amazon. Honestly, I wanted to quit after the first chapter. Let me just say it was a very disappointing book.
Phenomenal book.  Brought me to tears
Beautifully written story.  Haunting.
GreaT story, but a little predictable
Gripping. Tear jerking. Enlightening.
A page turner.  Excellent story-line.
Got me on page 1 and never let me go.
Awesome book - loved the whole thing!
Couldn't put the book down. Loved it!
Best book I have read in a long time!
Great read.......couldn't put it down
Great book.  Heart renching at times.
Amazing story teller. Amazing story.
A page turner-I couldn't put it down!
One of the best books I've ever read.
loved the book- couldn't put it down!
Could not put this amazing book down!
Amazing read! Couldn't put it down!!!
Learned about Paris WWII Interesting!
Keeps you entertained the whole time.
Excellent story, a must read for all!
An especially gripping tale from WWII
great book, loved every minute of it!
One of the best books I've ever read.
A page turner. Difficult to put down.
Easy writing style and enjoyable read
This is a beautiful but tragic story.
Amazing book! I couldn't put it down.
One of the best books I've ever read.
One of my favorite books of all time.
Great story, leaves you wanting more!
Great book, a must for any book club!
Very well written . Excellent history
Very good book-couldn't put it down!!
A mesmerizing book.  Her best by far!
Excellent book. Love WWII. Done well.
One of the best I've read in a while.
Really enjoyed the story and writing.
Wonderfully written! Wonderful story!
Wonderful book, and beautify written.
For fans of WW2, this is a must read!
Couldn't put it down!!! Great book!!!
Could not put it down. Amazing story.
Best book I've read in quite a while.
Very good book, couldn't put it down.
Excellent book, couldn't put it down.
A book that everyone seems to enjoy !
Excellent story, beautifully written.
I always love Kristin Hannah's books.
Wonderful story. Beautifully written.
One of the best books I've ever read.
An excellent read that will move you.
Well written and a very moving novel.
Could not stop reading.  Great story!
Excellent book - couldn't put it down
Very powerful message.  well written.
Excellent reading.  Highly recommend!
It could have been a little shorter!!
A very good read. I enjoyed the book.
Very good book. Couldn't put it down.
Best book I have read in a long time!
best book i have read in a long time!
Loved the book from beginning to end.
Great book with a captivating story!!
Absolutely gripping. Incredible read.
Page-turner, tear-jerker, great novel
Great book would highly recommend it.
Loved the book. Could not put it down
excellent book!!!  Really enjoyed it!
Loved this book--couldn't put it diwn
Another great book by Kristin Hannah!
Heart wrenching but a wonderful book.
Loved it<br/>Didn't guess the ending
Wonderful, exciting, heart wrenching.
Best book I have read in a long time.
Loved the book, couldn't put it down!
Somewhat depressing but what s story!
Inciteful, well researched, cohesive.
Wonderful book could not put it down!
One of the best books I've ever read.
Fabulous book-couldn't put it down---
Excellent book.  Couldn't put it down
Interesting book for those of an age.
Best of the books I've recently read
Best book I have read in a long time
My favorite Kristin Hannah book yet!
Terrific story!  A real tear jerker!
Wonderful book! Recommend it highly.
May be the best book I've ever read!
Best book I have read in a long time
Binge-read it; couldn't put it down.
A different view to a horrible time.
great book, it was a page turner....
Compelling, outstanding summer read!
Well written, intense, and engaging.
Engaging book very happily surprised
The best Holocaust novel I have read
I enjoyed every minute of this book!
Great book. Just a little depressing
Beautiful story. Hung on every word.
Another good book by Kristen Hannah.
Excellent book. Historically moving.
The kind of book you can't put down.
What a exceptionally wonderful book!
Great book!  Everyone should read it
Sad story about a sad time in Europe
Well written...felt that I was there
Unique and credible historical read.
Another good read by Kristin Hannah!
Great book! Would make a good movie!
6+ stars. Read it! Outstanding!
Fabulous story.  One of my favorites
One of the greatest books I've read.
A great novel, couldn't put it down.
Wonderful book--sad--but very moving
Enjoyable read, nice use of imagery.
Great  book.  Highly  recommend  it.
Loved this book from start to finish
Get out the tissues! Wonderful read.
Powerful story. Beautifully written.
This book was difficult to put down.
Great read! It was hard to put down!
i liked it....bought a few as gifts.
Excellent read. Beautifully written.
Great, great book. Recommend highly.
Good book would recommend it highly.
Great read and a surprising ending..
Excellent story, kept your interest.
Loved this book. Interesting history
One of the best books I've ever read
Great story - couldn't stop reading!
fascinating read--highly recommended
Great Book,Book club rated it a five
Good book, in fact a very good book.
Great read!  Would highly recommend!
Great book!  I couldn't put it down.
I enjoyed The Nightingale immensely.
Mesmerizing. I couldn't put it down.
Fabulous book, could not put it down
Great read with absorbing characters
I had trouble putting the book down.
Loved this book!  Very well written.
Would recommend this book to anyone.
Kristin Hannah's best book yet!!!!!!
awesome book...definitely recommend!
Always enjoy Kristin Hannah's books!
Couldn't put it down. Great writing.
Poignant story with good characters.
Spellbinding, could not put down!!!!
Best book I have read in a long time
excellent book, couldn't put it down
Wonderful read. Beautifully written.
Excellent read and very informative.
Such an amazing and powerful book!!!
Really good book. Highly recommend .
Great book.  I couldn't put it down.
Great book found it hard to put down
exciting and I could not put it down
I loved it.  I couldn't put it down.
Wonderful story by a favorite author
Kristin Hannah is an amazing author!
Great book from the beginning to end
An excellent read, and informative.
Fast read...another WWII in France.
One of the best books I ever read‼️
Great read, hard time putting down!
The Nightingale is a fabulous read!
Excellent characters and viewpoint.
Great book - didn't want it to end.
Well written. Enjoyed it immensely!
Very intense read! Great character!
Good reading from beginning to end.
Best book I've read in a long time!
Well written--Good historic fiction
Incredible story, it is a must read
Wonderful story, highly recommended
I didn't want to put the book down.
This is a great book...a must read.
Best book I've read in a long time!
Good read...<br/>Kept my interest.
Slow starting, but very informative
Very powerful and deeply emotional.
Really enjoyed it. Surprise ending.
Another great read by Kritin Hannah
Awesome book. Couldn't put it down.
Great read - could not put it down.
A great read, from start to finish!
Good book. Good writing. Enjoyable.
Excellent writing, engrossing plot.
Best book I read this year so far !
Well worth reading. I recommend it.
Excellent! A new all time favorite!
Great story. Well written. Loved it
Great book. Very powerful. Loved it
Beautifully written, very emotional
Best book I've read in a long time!
Absolutely, hands down, PHENOMENAL!
A good read. Sometimes predictable.
Compelling story and a page turner.
well written and enlightening book.
Riveting story!  Her best book yet.
A great read from beginning to end.
Wonderful page turner.  C.S. Harris
Loved the story - what brave people
Excellent book about WWII in France
Intriguing, I enjoyed every detail.
Enjoyed this from beginning to end.
Wonderful story.  Recommended read.
A gripping story very well written.
Best book I've read in a long time.
Loved this book. Very well written.
Great historical fiction.  Loved it
Going to recommend to my Book Club.
Kept my interest for the whole book
This is an excellent book. Read it!
Very good read don't miss this one.
A great read from beginning to end!
Great read.  I couldn't put it down
Buy all her books, beautiful writer
Gripping account of occupied France
very entertaining book  a good read
A moving, tragic well-written tale.
Great read, I couldn't put it down.
Spellbinding from beginning to end.
Great book.  Characters were great.
Fantastic story!  Hard to put down.
Great book. Could not put it down!!
Best book I've read in a long time.
A great read. Even shed a few tears
Amazing book - beautifully written!
Excellent book - I would recommend!
Awesome book! Couldn't put it down!
Well written and totally absorbing.
Excellent! Our book club loved it!!
I devoured it! It was a Great read!
Awesome book- couldn't put it down.
Great read! Would make a good movie
Best book I've read in a long time.
Really enjoyed it! One of her Best.
Great story. I couldn't put it down
Well written and suspenseful story!
Her best book ! It was outstanding!
Loved it! Could hardly put it down.
The best WWII book I've ever read..
Great read!!! Just try not to cry!!
the best book I have read this year
Best book I'VE READ IN A LONG TIME.
Excellent book couldn't put it down
Best book I've read in a long time!
Amazing book. Couldn't put it down.
Best book i think ive ever read!!!!
Best book I've read in a long time.
Both my wife and I LOVED this book.
Best book I've read In a long time!
Well written book. Hard to put down
Amazing story- beautifully written!
One of Kristin Hannah's best books!
Very readable..enjoyed it very much
loved it, didn't want story to end!
Great book,I couldn't put it down.
great book would highly recommend.
I love this novel.  Read it twice!
Great book.  Couldn't put it down.
The best WWII book I've ever read!
One of the best books I have read.
Excellent read. Just a good story.
Great book. Many twists and turns.
loved the book!  Very well written
Great book, Could not put it down!
def best book I've read in a while
Couldn't put it down. A must read.
excellent reading held my interest
Beautiful story!  Highly recommend
Very well written, excellent book.
Loved this story- hard to put down
The best book I've read in a year!
I struggled to put this book down.
Loved it!!  Could not put it down.
entertaining, keeps you engrossed.
Excellent book.  Excellenk writing
Excellent ! Very interesting book.
I thought this book was excellent.
A great story of love and courage.
Extremely we'll written, loved it!
Wonderfully researched and written
very good. our book club loved it!
Captivating! You can't put it down
Loved this book and the characters
Great book I couldn't put it down.
Very very good, really enjoyed it.
the best historical fiction yet...
Excellent story. Sad, but hopeful.
Excellent - could not put it down.
Loved this, couldn't put it down!!
Best book I've read this summer!!!
Very interesting and well written.
Excellent but very emotional read!
Great book. Keeps your attention!!
Great story with great characters!
Didn't want to put this book down.
Excellent book!! Highly recommend!
Tearjerker. thoroughly enjoyed it.
Well written..holds your attention
Best book of the year. Hands down.
Great book, I couldn't put it down
Amazing story beautifully written.
Fast read. Well written.  Very sad
Excellent-really enjoyed the book.
Very good and compelling to read..
excellent book, hard to  put down.
Excellent book great for book club
Very good book i enjoy reading it.
Very good book!! Real page turner.
A heeart rendering story of a time
One of the best books of the year.
Bring plenty of tissue.  Good read
Great book, could not put it down.
Spellbounding....hard to put down!
Very sad story. But well worth it.
One of my all time favorite books.
great book could not put it down !
I loved it, could not put it down!
Loved it.  I couldn't put it down.
Best read I've had in a long time.
Well written , a real page turner.
Loved it. Similar to Paris Winter.
Amazing I cried when i finished it
Beautifully Written.  Page turner.
Good story with surprising ending.
Good story.  A little predictable.
One of my fav books she's written!
This book opened a whole new window on the war for me. Kristin is a reliable author and this story about 2 (different) sisters was engaging and extremely touching.
Great book for historical fiction
A great read and very suspensful.
Great book.  Absolutely loved it!
Very good book, hard to put down.
Both my husband and I loved this.
Very well written and interesting
Great story. Even better writing.
Wonderful novel and well written.
Well written can't put down story
Great book. Couldn't put it down.
Wonderful. Kristin does it again.
Excellent read! Highly recommend.
One of the best books I have read
I got my book and it was perfect.
I good, albeit predictable novel.
Great read, couldn't put it down.
Excellent;; couldn't put it down!
Terrific! Great characterization!
enjoyed this author a great deal.
Fabulous! A must read for anyone!
Great book, hated to put it down!
A compelling story that i enjoyed
Krista. Hannah never disappoints.
Deserves all the hype. Beautiful!
Great story. Hated to put it down
This is a book worth waiting for.
Slow to start. But hang in there.
One of the best books I ever read
Great read! Couldn't put it down!
Wonderful read. Lived the ending.
Excellent could not put it down!!
Stunning novel! Kudos all around.
I thought the plot was contrived.
Amazing book, you should read it!
This book was absolutely amazing.
Great book, couldn't put it down.
Excellen!! Could not put it down.
Great story. Highly recommend it!
Excellent. Didn't want it to end.
I loved it did not want it to end
Excellent read. Hard to put down.
Great book I enjoyed reading it.
One of the best books I've read!
Great book! Couldn't put it down
Great story and heart wrenching.
Very nice and quick summer read!
Best book I've read this summer!
Fantastic.  Couldn't put it down
Excellent and captivating story!
Enjoyed this sweet tragic story.
Beautifully and vividly written.
A great read.  Highly recommend.
One of my favorites of all time.
WONDEERFUL BOOK AND WELL WRITTEN
An agonizing but beautiful book.
Great story.  Very well written.
Well written .  Enjoyed the book
A war story told by heroic women
Everyone should year this story.
Kept you guessing until the end!
Good read. Some really sad parts
Great read - Highly recommended!
Good history but a little sappy.
Gripping story! Loved the book !
Great read! I really enjoyed it.
Great story of love and survival
One of the best books I've read.
A beautiful, if sorrowful story.
Fantastic. Couldn't put it down.
Riveting. Could not put it down.
A tender story told beautifully.
Loved this story! Well written!!
Loved, loved, loved this book!!!
great story line, love her books
one of the best books I've read.
I think it is her best book yet.
Very good book. Hard to put down
I always enjoy Kristin Hannah --
Very sad story but well written.
Great book.  Hard to put down!!!
fascinating story, well written.
Best book I've read in a while !
Page turner right until the end!
Fabulous.  Couldn't put it down!
This is one of the most beautiful love stories that I have ever read of the WWII in France.  It is a "must" read for romantics and history buffs.
I did not finish the book.  I found the writing to be only fair, and the characters seemed to be out of an american soap opera.  Not compelling at all.
This wonderful novel follows a family and their friends during nazi occupied France.  Their heroism will inspire all of us to never look the other way.
Best thing I've read this year.
Very touching story of sisters.
Best book I have read in years!
Best book I have read this year
Love'd it, Love'd it, Love'd it
It lived up to my expectations.
Our book club enjoyed the book.
A story of emotion and courage!
Easy reading, and well-written.
Great book. Hard to put it down
One of the best books I've read
My favorite book of the summer.
Best book I've read in a while!
An amazing book..a must read!!!
Best book I have read in years.
Thought provoking - I loved it!
Great book! I loved every page.
Amazing, heart wrenching story.
A well constructed moving story
Great read from cover to cover!
Enjoyed the historical fiction.
Found it very hard to put down.
Great story.  Kept my interest.
Wonderful story and so sad too.
I was riveted. It made me weep.
Wonderful book!! A must read!!!
It was great- loved the ending.
Best book I've read in a while!
Loved the book! A great read!!!
Excellent.  A real page turner!
The very best book!  Loved it!!
Historical fiction at its best.
I enjoyed it from start to end.
Best book I have read this year
No one should ever forget WWII.
well written......a page turner
Loved it! Couldn't put it down!
Fantastic read. A new favorite!
Wonderful story...deeply moving
Amazing book. Hard to put down.
Riveting! Couldn't put it down.
outstandig intersting emotional
Best book I've read in a while.
Excellent book and well written
Loved it from beginning to end!
One of the best books I;ve read
Best Kristin Hannah in awhile!!
Loved it and learned a lot too!
Wonderful and kept my interest,
Awesome Read. Highly recommedt!
Best book I have read recently!
Great book! Could not put down!
Exceptional historical fiction.
Very exciting and tear jerking.
Very interesting and well told.
It's an exciting, page turner.
Well written hard to put down.
I WILL NEVER FORGET THIS BOOK.
Another good one, as expected!
My favorite book of the year .
very good..things I never knew
Awesom, could not putt it down
Loved it from beginning to end
Good story.  Hard to put down.
Best book I've read this year!
Great book.. Hard to put down!
Good story fairly well written
5 stars! Couldn't put it down!
Amazing! Couldn't put it down!
Great book.  Hard to put down.
one of the very best this year
Well written book. Enjoyed!!!!
A touching and beautiful story
Must read this wonderful book.
Would recommend to my friends.
a good read, but very sad.....
Great book.  Highly recommend.
Great book. Highly recommend .
I couldn't put the book down!!
Up to her usual high standards
Good book holds your interest.
Great historical fiction read.
Interesting and worth reading.
Heartbreaking - but excellent!
So well written. A must read .
Loved it, couldn't put it down
I couldn't put this book down.
Excellemt read.  Amazimg women
phenomenal book!!!! must read!
Awesome book.  A definite read
Best book I've read in a while
Great book, but extremely sad!
Brilliant from start to finish
Great book!  Highly recommend!
Excellent story. Well written.
Very good! Love all her books.
Best book I have read in years
Best book I've read in awhile.
I could not put the book down!
Best Kristin Hannah book ever!
Sad book, beautifully written.
Excellent. One of her best!!!!
Loved the story. A great read.
Best book I've read this year!
Amazing and captivating read!
Good story, loved the ending.
Great book, hard to put down.
Excellent, well written book.
My book club loved this book.
Loved it. A real page turner.
Kept me interested throughout
I couldn't put the book down.
I thought it was a good read!
One of Kristen Hannah's best.
One of the best books of 2015
Great book. Great characters.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
I didn't want to put it down.
Fabulous from start to finish
Great book  Highly recommend!
Loved it; loved it, loved it!
The best book I've ever read.
Amazing right to the very end
I like most all of her books.
Good story  with a nice twist
didn't want to put book down.
Could not put this book down!
Well written.Emotional story.
Very well written, good read.
Best book I've read in years!
best book I've read this year
Excellent historical fiction.
Great book and couldn't work.
So inspiring. Beautiful book.
Loved It !! Read it in 1 day!
Loved this book! A must read.
Fantastic book.  A must read!
Thoroughly enjoyed this book!
Could not put this book down!
excellent excellent excellent
Thing I never knew about WW2.
loved it !
Excellent moving and intense!
Great read.  Loved this book.
Love this book, her best yet.
Most excellent!!!  Good story
Kept me engaged till the end!
Well written, well researched
Excell by book great history.
Best book I have ever read! I
Kristin Hannah at her best!!!
Awesome book.  Don't miss it.
could not put this book down!
Excellent historical fiction.
Excellent book. Well written.
Great read. Captivating story
I couldn't put the book down.
Could not put this book down!
Excellent. A powerful story.
Excellen book, her best yet.
I enjoyed reading this book.
A wonderful story well told.
Good read -interesting story
well written and informative
Good historical fiction book
Very moving and well written
Well written touching story.
The best book of the summer!
Loved the historical aspect!
Great from beginning to end.
Interesting and well written
Slow start. Gets really good
Hard to put downl  Excellent
Excellent book, a must read!
Compelling!  Wonderful read.
Couldn't put this book down!
Slow starting but good book.
it will keep you up at night
could not put the book down!
Could be a classic! Loves it
Outstanding in all respects.
Love Kristin Hannah's books.
Ordered this book through my local library, when suggested by my book club, and waited almost two months before it was released off hold.  Said to self, "better be a good book and worth the wait."<br/><br/>This was a well written tale of life during the war where Germany took over France and all that happened with the French people.  Written from the Frenchman/woman point of view.<br/><br/>The author chooses a few families to give an account of the war through their eyes.  It's not a new account of this war, but I deeply got wrapped up in the lives of these characters.  I was outraged at times, bitter, empathetic, tearful, and comparing what happened then to what may happen in the twenty-first century if there was another world war.<br/><br/>War changes people...One does what must be done to survive...children aren't shielded from the atrocities and life must go on.<br/><br/>I truly like the cohesiveness of this book and it's presentation of the facts.  Isabel/Juliette is an awe inspiring character, a true nightingale, hero of war.<br/><br/>This book was well worth the wait and I highly recommend this book.
Absolutely incredible book!
Good book but slow at first
Another Kristin Hannah hit.
Couldn't put the book down.
Enjoyed the book very much.
Enjoyed the book very much.
Very interesting viewpoint!
I recommend as a must read.
Wonderful story.  Gripping.
Great...in capital letters!
Great book. I recommend it.
Great Read!  Brought tears.
I really enjoyed this book.
A must read for all women..
Hard to put this book down!
Enjoyed this book very much
Couldn't put the book down!
Sad , but a wonderful book!
Best book I have ever read!
Not bad, tired of the nazis
This was an excellent book.
5 stars!!!! A great read!!!
Great author, great book!!!
This was an excellent book!
Riveting could not put down
a book everyone should read
Wonderful book! I loved it!
One of the best WWII books!
Amazing story! A must read!
Excellent and touching book
Very good book. Informative
Couldn't put the book down
An excellent book on WWII!
A great read. WW2 history.
Must read. Fantastic  book
Well written. Great story.
Wonderfully written story.
Well written and engaging.
could not put it down!!!!!
Would recommend to others.
I could not put this down!
Gripping, terrifying read.
Just wonderful and moving.
Great book easy fast read.
Thrilling and educational.
Fabulous read.  Very good.
Beautifully written story.
Highly recommend this book
A very good read. Poignant
Couldn't put the book down
This story is captivating.
A very well written novel.
Great story, well written!
Great book, so enjoyed it!
Excellent book. Loved it !
Very good!  A page turner.
Excellent, riveting story.
Awesome. Very eye opening.
Could'nt put the book down
This was a wonderful book.
This was a wonderful book.
Awesome historical novell
Did not want book to end!
Great writing, good book.
Really enjoyed this book.
Heartbreakingly fabulous.
Beautifully written book.
Great book.  Very moving.
Fantastic book. Loved it!
I enjoyed this book a lot
Would read a second time.
Very sad but good reading
engaging and well written
Great historical fiction!
Superior quality writing.
one of the best I've read
Sad story but a good one.
loved it !  moving story.
Easy, fast engaging read.
Beautifully-written!!!...
Compelling, a quick read.
Beautifully written book.
Really enjoyed this book.
Love the beautiful story!
Really great page turner!
This was truly enjoyable.
very sad but a great book
Engaging and eye-opening.
This was a fabulous read.
Excellent book, riveting!
Great Book.  Enough said!
Lovely book.  Good Read.
AMAZING. Brilliant story
Outstanding! Page turner
I enjoyed it thoroughly.
Loved it. A page turner.
Absolutely amazing book!
Loved this book so much.
Loved it one of her best
Wonderful, and emotional
A lovely wonderful read.
Great story!!!!!!!!!!!!
Complex and interesting
Could not put it down !
Great historical novel!
A definite page turner!
Loved it wonderful book
Great book great ending
Great journey with her.
Wonderful, moving story
Really good WWII story.
I couldn't put it down!
Unforgettable. Read it.
Terrific book.  5 stars
Really enjoyed the book
A definite page turner!
I couldn't put it down!
Love this book so far!!
kristin Hannah delivers
Did not want it to end!
Incredibly descriptive.
I couldn't put it down!
As always, a good read.
I almost never give a book five stars, and I didn't hesitate with The Nightingale.  It is one of the best works of historical fiction I've read.  Not a word is wasted, and they are wonderful words strung together in such a way that is hard to find. All synopses start with the words incorporating "two sisters." Yes, it's about two sisters, and many more incredible, well developed characters.  Most descriptions make it sound like "chick lit," but my husband read it first and couldn't stop talking about it. The story shows a part of WWII rarely written of, that of the French resistance fighters. We often think of the French having it easy through the war, caving in early and just riding out their time in cafés until over. Wrong. This is a book that will remain at the top of my favorites list for a very long time.  PS - I think it ought to be added to the lists of high school literature to be read.
This is very simply the best book I have read in at least a year.  After reading 11 books so far in 2015, this one is sitting all by itself waaaay up on top of my faves for 2015.  If you don't understand what people mean when they describe books as "beautifully written", then read this book for an example.  I didn't want to skip a single word. The Nightingale could possibly be the first book I will ever read twice.<br/>I've ready plenty of World War II books but am never immune to the despair of this time.  The two French sisters in this book are in a word:  marvelous.  The book is narrated by one of the sisters in the present, though you really don’t know until the very end which sister it is.  Everything about this book is extraordinary including the ending.<br/>I love this quote from the book:<br/>"In love we find out who we want to be. In war we find out who we are."
This book follows the story of two sisters who live in France during the Nazi occupation, but there is more to the story than just that.  We also get to see glimpses of 1990's and it offers a very unique perspective to the story.  From what I know of this time period (which is not complete), the story seemed to be historically accurate which is something I always love.  This book drives you to learn more about he period and the history of the people that lived during it.
Thoroughly compelling!
Heavy but really good.
I enjoyed it very much
A "must read"!
Heart wrenching novel.
Could not put it down.
Could not put it down.
Excellant a good read.
Just a wonderful read!
Very enjoyable reading
Could not put it down!
Great read.  Loved it.
A great book club read
Beautifully told story
Was an excellent read!
wonderful……a must read
Powerful and engaging.
Page turner. Good book
Absolutely wonderful..
Great historical novel
Excellent moving book!
Got quite suspenseful.
Good story, well told!
One of her best books.
A cant put down story.
Great book a must read
Couldn't put it down!!
Incredible!  Loved it!
Quick, excellent read!
Enjoyable...fast read.
Loved it.  Insightful.
The story was powerful
Simply an amazing read
Excellent!!  Loved it!
Interesting and moving
Couldn't put it down!!
Thoroughly enjoyed it.
greatr book, wonderful
Fabulous. Page Turner!
Pedestrian and cliched
The best of her books.
One of her best books!
very interesting book.
See all other reviews.
Could not put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
very engrossing story
Couldn't put it down!
Good read.  Inspiring
Couldn't put it down!
One word--outstanding
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
Awesome.  Very moving
My favorite book ever
Loved this book .....
It was a great story.
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
High emotional impact
Great story loved it!
Her best book todate!
Couldn't put it down!
Enjoyed it very much!
It was a great book😀
Very well researched.
Loved The Nightingale
Enjoyable tearjerker.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't stop reading
best book of the year
Couldn't put it down!
Great, Great Book !!!
Just loved this book!
Good historical novel
Couldn't put it down.
Excellent excellent!!
Really engaging read!
Wonderful WWII story.
Enjoyed every page!!!
I dont write reviews.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Great book. Loved it.
The best book ever!!!
One of the very best!
A really great read !
couldnt put it down!!
Couldn't put it down.
Great book !!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely excellent!
Couldn't put it down.
really , a great book
Very, very good read.
Riveting storytelling
Couldn't put it down.
Always love her books
Couldn't put it down.
Great read. Loved it.
Wow what a great book
Couldn't put it down!
Painful but wonderful
Gripping well written
I t was wonderful!!!!
An incredible journey
This is an amazing read.  Kristen Hannah deserves all the kudos for putting together an amazing story of two sisters who grew up without structure and warmth after their Mother's death during WWII.  The French countryside struggles with the occupation of France when their government collapses.  When the sisters are separated from actual family, the family alliances that develop because of the need to survive is heartbreaking and enlightening. It's easy to connect with the characters, be one with them in some of the situations.  Ask yourself what you would do in similar circumstances.  I believe this is one of the author's best books; although I have loved all of them before this.  Kristen Hannah is a very diverse writer, weaves an intriguing web in the Nightingale.  Hard to put the book down and return to ordinary life.
Just could not get into this book. Disappointed because I have really enjoyed her other books.
I loved this book!!  I had read a few by Kristin Hannah over the years, but I really think this was my favorite.<br/><br/>I really felt for these characters. Being American, I could not imagine the atrocities that those people had to go through. Hannah made it so real for me.<br/><br/>Not only is war going on all around these two sisters, there is another war going on with the family, the sisters and the household. The sisters pitted against each other was an especially good subplot, one believes the propaganda and the other is furious with her sister.<br/><br/>I just can't describe how good this book was for me. If you like historical fiction, you will love this one!<br/><br/>Thanks St Martin's Press and Net Galley for allowing me to read and review this thoroughly entertaining book!
Reviews encouraged me to read The Nightingale. Thank you reviewers... I truly couldn't put it down. As a slow reader, I quickly and happily immersed myself in this compelling tale and loved every minute of it. Perhaps things were brought together a little too conveniently in the extended ending but, who cares... I wanted to know everything I could about how the story threads came together, what happened to the vividly portrayed characters who commanded my heart and imagination for 48 hours. Hannah has added another memorable chapter to the stories brave women, and men, who, no matter their chosen course or the course thrust upon them, were the life force of the French Resistance in WW II. Stories of bravery and humanity that are never too old to be told and retold. You can't put it down...
Well written. Moving
Read it in one day😀
Just loved the story
Very engaging story.
Good historical read
One of her best yet.
Beautifully written!
Beautifully written.
Very touching story.
couldn.t put it down
One of her best!!!!!
Beautifully written!
Excellent all around
Beautifully written.
Couldn't put it down
Best read in awhile.
Very enjoyable read.
Couldn't put it down
It was a great book.
Beautifully written.
just plain well done
Couldn't put it down
Very enjoyable read.
Couldn't put it down
Wonderfully written.
Really good writing.
I loved her writing.
Wonderfully written!
One of her best yet!
Beautifully written.
beautifully written.
couldn't put it down
An outstanding read.
Beautifully written.
Did like the ending.
Good book quick read
Beautifully written.
Couldn't put it down
Couldn't put it down
I am reading it now.
Wonderful.  Read it.
Thought it was great
An engrossing story.
Very enjoyable read.
It was a so-so read.
Absolutely loved it.
wonderful engrossing
Very enjoyable read!
Loved every chapter!
Very enjoyable book.
Highly recommend it.
Loved it!  Gripping!
Very entertaining! £
Enjoyed this book!!!
Beautifully written!
This is a must read!
Interesting story...
Couldn't put it down
I enjoyed this book.
A really good story.
Moving and engaging.
Wonderful epic tale.
A great moving read!
couldn't put it down
This is a must read!
Great story telling.
One of my favorites!
A great page turner.
Beautifully written!
Her best book ever!!
I loved this story!
Absolutely loved it
A true page turner.
Couldn't put it dow
Well done.  Moving.
Beautifully written
Wonderfully written
Excellent read.....
Old story-good read
Not JUST a Romance!
Favorite book ever!
A real page turner!
It was a good book.
Beautifully written
A compelling story.
Atmospheric, Bravo!
A very good book!!!
Extraordinary book!
Compelling and sad.
I loved every page!
One of my favorites
It. Was excellent !
Highly recommended!
Great summer read!!
I really great read
I loved this book!!
Absolutely Amazing!
Outstanding book!!!
Very very good book
Excellent condition
A real page turner.
Love Kristin hannah
A truly great book.
Good airplane book.
Such a great story.
Enjoyed the book...
Epic Kristen Hannah
Compelling reading.
Super good reading.
best read in years!
Well worth reading.
very<br/>good book
Beautifully written
I enjoyed this book
Very well written.
Good story teller.
Very well written.
Wonderful book!!!!
Totally enjoyable.
Great book❤️❤️❤️💋
A fantastic novel.
Very interesting !
An excellent read!
Great, Great Read!
Enjoyed this book.
Excellent gripping
I loved this book.
Enjoyed this novel
Well written book.
Very moving story!
I  loved this book
It was  great book
Enjoyed this book!
Wonderful reading.
Kept my attention.
Very heavy reading
Fantastic book!!!!
I loved this book!
An excellent read.
Quite interesting!
I loved this book!
Great storyteller!
Kept me interested
I truly loved it!!
A real page turner
An excellent read.
Enjoyed immensely.
Excellent Book!!!!
A FABULOUS READ, I
Could put it down.
I loved this book!
Good read overall.
Very good reading.
It was an OK story
Enjoying the book!
A real page-turner
Bittersweet story.
Wonderful story!!!
I loved this book!
Beautiful writing.
very good, but sad
C'est fantastique!
Good but not great
Worth every penny!
I loved this book!
Good light reading
Enjoyed this book.
Such a great book!
It's a great story
Couldn't put down.
Keeps you reading.
Can't put it down.
loved reading this
Really enjoyed it.
t he book is great
Excellent book!!!
Great book ......
very well written
I loved the book!
Very well written
Loved the book!!!
Really enjoyed it
A wonderful book.
Excellent book...
Highly recommend.
Very good reading
excellent story..
Great WWII story.
It was wonderful.
Very good read. ☺
A very good read.
Enjoyed immensly.
Amazing! Read it!
Outstanding book!
an enjoyable read
Enjoyed the book!
Really good book!
What a great book
Brilliant writing
Very interesting.
One amazing book!
Very good read...
Once of her best!
Good but too long
Excellent reading
I loved the book!
Excellent reading
Very very good!!!
Fantastic read!!!
Held my interest.
I loved this book
I enjoyed the intensity of the book, the character development, and the way it spiraled down to more and more difficult situations. I also appreciated that not all types of characters were painted with the same brush. Although I know a great deal about WWII, this did fill in some pieces about the French resistance.<br/><br/>However, I have the same criticism of this book as I have of several other novels read recently.  That is that the book is excellent until the last 10% or so, when they end too quickly & leave too many unanswered questions. In this novel, it's never revealed how either Gaitan or Vianne got to America or what happened to Antoine.
My wife's ebooks get loaded onto my iPad but I rarely read them. But when she mentioned the subject matter I perked up as I'm a WW2 history buff. This is a wonderful story of life in occupied France and the struggles of two sisters facing very different challenges. Other reviewers will do a better job describing the story so all I will add is that while this is a very popular ladies book club reading, it is a compelling and heart wrenching story well worth reading by their husbands. I have not read any other books by Kristen Hannah but I will check out the subject matter and see if it fits my interests. If it does, it will be a must read.
It was terrific.
Very moving book
Very good story.
Loved this book!
Excellent  read!
Loved the story.
Great storyline!
a excellent read
Very intriguing!
Really good book
Loved this book.
I loved the book
Wonderful story!
Hauntingly good!
Loved this book!
well paced story
Really good book
Superbly written
Fabulous book!!!
A fantastic book
Excelllent book.
A grab you read!
Very interesting
Very compelling.
One of the best!
Loved this book!
Great read.  I'm
Excellent read .
Loved this book!
Awesome read!!!!
Superb read!!!!!
Five stars plus!
A very good read
FANTASTIC BOOK~!
An amazing book!
A terrific read.
Loved this story
I loved the book
Wonderful story.
Very well wrtten
Wonderful book !
Beautiful Story!
Excellent book .
I loved the book
Loved this book!
Very informative
Excellent book !
Loved this book!
Excellent story.
Excellent t book
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
Very suspenseful
Loved this book!
Lived this book!
Beyond wonderful
Good summer read
Loved this book.
A wonderful book
Loved this book.
very educational
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
Really liked it!
Loved this book!
Beautiful story!
Excellent book!!
One of her best.
A wonderful book
Loved this book.
Heart wrenching!
Loved this story
Wonderful story!
Wonderful novel!
Excellent story!
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
Loved this book.
An amazing story
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
Amazing story!!!
Very good read!!
this year's best
Loved this book.
I really like it
Loved this book.
Very engrossing!
Loved this book!
Wonderful story!
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
Really good book
Fabulous book!!!
Very, very good.
Her best book!!!
Wonderful story!
Deemed "historical fiction" I know there is much truth to this story.  It is by far the best WW11 period novel I've read.  It spares the reader the graphic torture that we all know of and have been exposed to over the years in various films and books, but the writing enlightens you sufficiently, so you are aware of what those brave individuals experienced.  I cried several times throughout while reading and was uplifted as well.  It all ties together in the end. Even though, again, these are "fictitious" characters I found myself wishing them much deserved happiness and peace, wherever in time they may be.
Holy Jesus. Holy. Jesus. I don't even have words. This book should be enshrined and worshiped. I'm dehydrated from the sheer sobbing and the copious amounts of snot. I'm so emotionally exhausted and overcome....who knows how long it will be before I'm right in the head and heart again. I don't know exactly how you 'favorite' a book like this, but I also can't fathom how you don't. 5 stars is nothing. 5 stars WAS the bar. The bar has been raised. As in, the bar has been blown out of the freaking water. I found perfection, and it's entitled The Nightingale.<br/><br/>I'm not worthy, Kristin Hannah. Brava!!
I love so many things about this book that I don't know where to begin with this rating, so I'm just going to keep it simple and straight to the point. This is a beautiful and thoughtful story. I was thoroughly drawn into the story with Hannah's writing of both the characters and surroundings without being too wordy. She kept the story moving without unnecessary drawn out descriptions. I felt so deeply for the characters of this novel that I read the last several chapters with a box of tissue by my side. While reading this my heart raced, I laughed and I cried. It's a great story, plain and simple.
Excellent read.
Wonderful story
Very good book!
Excellent read!
Loved this book
Amazing book!!!
Excellent book!
Fantastic read.
Wonderful read.
Excellent read!
Very good read!
Wonderful read!
Really liked it
Loved the book.
Very good book!
Excellent book.
Wonderful read.
Beautiful book.
Excellent read!
Very good book!
Wonderful book!
Well written!!!
Amazing read!!!
Loved this book
Loved the book.
Wonderful book!
great easy read
Very good book!
Fantastic book!
Riveting story!
Very depressing
Loved the book!
War is horrible
Best book ever!
Excellent read!
A page turner!!
Great book!!!!!
Excellent book!
Wonderful book.
Loved the book!
Fantastic read!
Excellent read.
Amazing read!!!
Excellent story
Very good read.
Wonderful read!
Wonderful story
Very good read.
Best book ever.
very good book.
LOVE this book!
All won't well!
Excellent read!
Loved the book.
Excellent read!
Wonderful read!
Wonderful read.
loved this book
WONDERFUL Book!
Excellent read!
Wonderful read.
Loved the book!
Wonderful book!
LOVED THIS BOOK
Incredible book
Excellent read!
Very good book!
Excellent book.
Really liked it
Original story.
Excellent book.
Very good book.
Wonderful book!
beautiful  book
Excellent read!
Excellent book.
Very good read!
Excellent read.
Excellent book.
Fantastic read.
Excellent read!
Best book ever!
Best book ever.
Fantastic book!
Wonderful read.
A great read !!
Best book ever!
Excellent read!
Wonderful read!
Wonderful read!
Wonderful book!
Best book ever!
Wonderful book!
Wonderful Read!
A good read☺️☺️
Excellent Read!
Love this book.
Excellent read.
Excellent read!
Excellent read.
Wonderful book.
Excellent book.
Loved this bbok
Excellent read!
Loved this book
Excellent book.
one of her best
Excellent book.
Love this book.
I could NOT put this book down. VERY well written, engaging...wow!
Wonderful read
very good read
Wonderful book
Wonderful book
Great writing!
Her best book!
Excellent book
Wonderful book
Excellent book
Excellent book
Excellent book
Loved the book
Wonderful book
Great writing.
Very good book
Fabulous story
Excellent read
Excellent read
loved the book
Excellent read
A great writer
loved the book
Excellent book
Excellent book
Wonderful read
Fabulous read!
Really enjoyed
A joy to read.
Terrific read!
Excellent read
great reading.
Outstanding!!!
Excellent book
Wonderful book
A page- turner
Very good book
Great read!!!!
A great read!!
Very inspiring
Excellent book
Excellent Read
Excellent read
Powerful story
loved the book
Nicely written
Fabulous story
Excellent book
Really enjoyed
Excellent book
very good book
Very engaging.
excellent read
Loved the book
Excellent book
Loved the book
Excellent book
Loved it!!!!!!
Very engaging.
Excellent read
I loved it!!!!
Excellent read
A must read!!!
excellent read
Excellent book
very very good
Just loved it!
A new favorite
Wonderful read
excellent read
excellent book
BEST BOOK EVER
Very very good
EXCELLENT READ
Excellent read
Loved the book
I loved it !!!
This is a must read! While the main characters are 2 sisters who appear to be as different as night and day and who struggle to survive in times of war, it it so much more. The history of what the people of France and other countries involved in WW2 had to deal with on a daily basis is eye opening. The daily fears, the loss of freedom under a ruthless regime is gut wrenching. But this is not a depressing book but a story of hope and love and the ties that bind us. This story stays with you even after you've read the last page.
This was one of the best novels I have read.  Kristin Hannah's portrayal of two sisters during WWII is wonderful yet heartbreaking at the same time.  The story was one I sought before taking a bucket list trip to Normandy.  It was such a great read--I simply could not put it down.  Kristin did a great job of weaving this story with truly tragic historical events.  The courage and bravery of so many during this time period is difficult to understand and appreciate in today's world.  Do yourself a favor and read this book.
This was an intriguing read.  It is the story of two sisters, one who aided British airmen across the Pyranees from France into Spain, and one who taught and protected Jewish children in France occupied by Germany during WWII.  This book moves quickly through the lives of the sisters who are different in personality, but devoted to helping others.  If you want a book in which you can become involved with the characters and a historical background, you can't go wrong with this book.  It was hard to put it down!
An amazing story of German occupied France during World War Two and the personal dynamics between a family torn apart while trying to survive horrific obstacles. Kirsten Hannah once again brings life not only to her characters but to the streets of Paris and surrounding countryside. Her writing style takes hold at page one and never lets go. I cried for Vianne while she struggled to keep her family safe and cheered for Isabelle as she worked dangerously to help downed pilots return home. Exceptional read
A great book!
Loved it!!!!!
A great read!
Interesting !
Good reading.
A great read!
A great book!
Awesome read.
A great read.
great reading
A great book.
I loved this-
Love the book
Worth reading
I loved it !!
A great read.
Loved it!!!!!
A page turner
Great book!!!
Well written.
Good reading!
Amazing book.
Well written.
Her best book
Great read!!!
Wonderful !!!
LOVED IT !!!!
amazing story
Excellent. ..
Awesome read.
Indeed story!
A great read.
average srory
Amazing read.
A must read!!
Awesome read!
Great  story!
the best!!!!!
Amazing read.
Good reading.
Amazing book!
Amazing book.
Very touching
Entertaining.
Great reading
A great book.
Great read !!
Great book!!!
super reading
Fabulous book
Spellbinding!
Amazing book!
Amazing read!
Amazing Book!
A great read.
Great writing
Amazing book!
Outstanding!!
Great book !!
Well written.
A great read!
Amazing book!
This is truly one of the best books I've ever read (and I've read a lot).  When I first started the story, I didn't know if I wanted to read about the terrible times of war.  But I'm glad I read it.  It was very engrossing.  I want my friends to read it so we can discuss it.  Such hard, hard times - the hardships in the story make me appreciate the small things we take for granted.  I have liked all of Kristin Hannah's books but I can honestly say this is in a class of its own.  Bravo, Ms. Hannah!!
Wow! I loved this book! I simply could not put it down.
What a wonderful story of perseverance, fortitude and courage.  There have been many books written about the terrible atrocities that the Jewish people suffered during World War II, but this book gives an insight into the sacrifices of the French people when their country is occupied by the Germans.  The unbelievable courage of the women depicted in this book is a testament to the many brave women who were not afraid to fight for their freedom and to protect their children at all cost.
This book is a must MUST read. It is not absolutely overwhelming, but it makes you travel and feel with the characters the most amazing sansations, feelings and experiences. The author is a great writer, capable to trasmit raw emotions to the reader and made him a character in a fantastic trip through the occupied France. It makes you wonder if you do enough for the world everyday... It makes you question how far would you go to survive, to make it better. Definitely loved this book.
As in many historical novels, the character development was weak and not believable.  It felt like the characters' feelings and thoughts were  presented  in order to fit in with subsequent events. Did not ring true, to me. The denouement was poorly written, as if the author has a deadline and did not have time to explain what happened to some of the characters.  I gave it 2 stars since the historical references to the French during the Resistance were informative.
Outstanding!
Moving story
A must read.
Eye-opening.
Well written
Great story.
A good read.
Great book!!
Amazing book
Great story.
Great story!
No thank you
A must read!
A great book
Fabulous!!!!
spectacular!
A good. Read
Great story!
Great story!
Excellent!!!
A good read.
A great read
Loved it!!!!
Amazing book
Good reading
Great story!
Great Read !
Great book!!
Amazing book
Great novel.
Awsome book.
Great read!!
Perfect read
Magnificent!
Great story!
A good read!
Great read!!
Mesmerizing!
A great read
Page turner.
Great book!!
Great story.
Interesting!
moving story
Entertaining
Really great
Great read!!
Great book !
Great story.
A must read!
Great story.
Great story.
Great book!!
A must read!
vry enticing
Great read!!
Great read!!
A must read.
Exceptional!
Good reading
A good read.
Great story!
Well written
Excellent!!!
Great Story!
Great book!!
wonderful!!!
great story!
Great  read!
Awesome read
Awesome book
The Nightingale is a treasure; the setting, France during WWII.  It's a story of family: sisters and their father, what separates and yet holds them close.  Each has strength to deal with what curve life has thrown their way, each has shortcomings that leads to doubt and questioning.<br/>Kristin Hannah aptly presents the panorama of wartime through the eyes of the resistance.  Her powerful insight and talent for weaving a storyline holds the reader in her grasp.
Well written, creative characters and a great storyline.  Hard to put down once you start.  Stories about the French Resistance Movement highlight the courage of people who fought the silent war.  They should be remembered for their daring and their courage.  Some of them paid the ultimate price to help others.  Others were more fortunate and survived.  None of them should be forgotten for they are part of the fabric of heroism that took place during World War II
This is a wonderful read! Reads like historical fiction but I didn't find the author claiming such! Complex characters; I felt as if I was there.  A French family who lives in the Loire Valley has their life profoundly changed when the Nazis take France.  The spotlight is primarily on the 2 sisters but the impacts are felt by all family members.  I've already read it two times within this past month!  Thoroughly recommend if interested in WW2 books!
The Nightingale is Kristin Hannah's best novel ever.  The tale of two sisters, one mainly based in Paris, the other in a small French village, takes place before and during World War ll. The story with its twists and turns  is explained well, and the main and secondary characters are described so beautifully that it is as if you know these folks.  Add to all this the historical elements of the time and you get a novel that is hard to put down.
There was so much to this book I can't say what was the best. The things these strong people had to endure is unimaginable. The things that they lived through were horrific. I cried the most at the end of the book for some reason. Thank you, Kristin Hannah, for bringing this story to life. I had never realized that it was as horrible as it really was. I feel so blessed to live in a free country and will never again take any of it for granted.
The story was compelling and well written.  But at the end of the war, Vianne, who had risked the life of her family to adopt the child of her doomed Jewish friend, just hands him over at the end of the war to Jewish strangers who would place him with an unspecified Jewish family.  The only rationale I could find was that a loving, but non-Jewish, mother knew she was inferior to a Jewish mother.  It rang false and spoiled the story for me.
A spellbinding story of two brave French women in WWII ravaged in France by the Third Reich.  The only gap I found was there was no transition on how one protagonist emigrated to USA and I think it needed a transition paragraph or two.  Perhaps the author could have used her help with Jewish children sent to America and that she was asked to come to USA to help them, or something like that.  On the whole I could not put it down.
I read a lot of books. I love to read, from Harry Potter to Stephen King. Some books turn into books that just pass the time, some books are just "okay", some books are good, and some books I fall into, live and breathe them, and stay up until the wee hours of the morning with lost track of time. This was one of those books. It was stupid good. This author is doing it right. I'd give it more than 5 stars if I could.
outstanding
Great read.
Great book.
Page turner
Incredible.
Great reed.i just answered this !!!
Great Book!
Bread book.
Captivating
Great read.
Great read!
Great book.
good author
Great Read!
Great read.
Great read!
Wonderful!!
Great book!
Great story
Great read!
Five stars.
Great book!
Great book!
Very moving
Pretty good
Great book!
Great read!
A must read
Great read.
Great read!
Great book.
Great book.
Great read!
Great book!
Great book!
Great read!
Great read!
Great book.
Great read!
Interesting
Great book!
Great book!
PSS88148212
Excellent!!
Great read!
Compelling.
Great story
Great read.
great read.
Great book!
Great read!
Great book!
Great book.
great story
Good read!!
Great read.
Great book!
Good story.
A must read
Great book
Great book!
Great read!
Great book!
Wonderful!!
Great story
Great book.
Great story
Great read!
I loved it.
Great book.
Great book.
Best book!!
Interesting
Great story
Captivating
Great read!
Great story
Good, good!
Great story
Great book!
Great read.
Loved it...
Loved it!!!
Great story
Great read.
outstanding
Excellent !
john wilson
Great book.
Great book!
Great book.
Great read!
Fabulous!!!
GREAT BOOK!
A must read
Great read!
Great book!
Great read.
Great read!
Excellent!!
Great Book!
Great Read!
Great read.
Great read!
Great read!
Great book.
Great read!
Great read!
Great book.
Great read.
Great book!
Great read.
Great read!
Great read.
Great read!
Great story
Great read.
I loved it!
Great Read!
Great read.
Great book!
Great read!
Great read!
Great book!
Incredible!
Great book.
Great book!
Excellent!!
Great read!
Great book.
Great read.
Excellent!!
Amazing!!!!
Great read.
Great book.
Great story
Great read!
I LOVED IT.
Great book.
Great book!
Great book!
Great Read!
Great book.
Great read.
Great book!
Great book.
Great book!
great book!
Great story
HER BEST!!!
Great book!
Tears shed!
Great book!
Great book!
Great book!
Great read.
Great book!
A good read
Great novel
I loved it!
Great read.
Loved it!!!
I loved it.
Great read.
Great book!
Loved it!!!
Great read.
great read.
Great book!
Loved it!!!
AMAZING!!!!
Great read!
I loved it!
Excellent !
Great Book!
Great book.
Outstanding
Loved it...
Excellent!!
Great read.
Great read!
Great read!
Great story
I loved it.
Great book.
Awesome book!! It was so hard to read, I had to keep putting down and taking a break. The horror of what these people had to survive just broke my heart.  Beck was what I thought a lot of German soldiers might be - just young boys who were forced into it and didn't believe in what they were forced to do for survival.  What brave and strong women! I wonder what I would have done.  Sad to believe it happened.
"In love we find out who we want to be.In war we find out who we are."-This sentence is what attracted me to this book and from the very first page forward I was hooked.  I read as a hobby and love historical fiction based on true stories and characters or just fiction with a hint of truth.  I am also a big historical fiction fan.  This book is everything that I love and so much more.  I lived to come home in the evening to pick this book up again and would have to make myself put it down to get some sleep.<br/><br/>Set in France at the start of World War II, The Nightingale, is an extraordinary family saga that spans the life of two sisters, Viann & Isabelle, before, during and after the War.  Viann is a conformist who just wants the war to be over and her husband to come home.  Isabelle wants to join the fight but women aren't allowed in battle.  She joins a renegade band of individuals that created a network of safe-houses and trails to lead downed airmen to safety.  Both women become very important figures and by the end of the War find out just what they are capable of.<br/><br/>History tells us much about the War itself but the part Women played was either downplayed or left out altogether.  The Author spares no details in The Nightingale.  The good, the bad and the ugly come to life between the covers of this book.  The details are what makes this story so outstanding.  Hannah chronicles the day to day hunger, deprivation, food rationing, fear, death, sickness and the cruelty inflicted by the German Soldiers. It's all withing the pages and so realistic.  There are no dull moments.<br/><br/>When the last page was read I struggled with a way to describe how I felt about this book.  Breathtaking kept coming to mind.  I looked up one of the many definitions of breathtaking and found that it perfectly described how I felt about this book.<br/>"Breathtaking defined: astonishing or awe-inspiring in quality, so as to take one's breath away<br/>Synonyms:  spectacular, magnificent, wonderful, awe-inspiring, astounding, astonishing, amazing, stunning, incredible,  The Nightingale is all of the above.<br/><br/>I'm not familiar with many of the books written by Kristin Hannah but I venture to guess this just might be her best work yet.  It's certainly my all time favourite book this year.
I loved the Nightingale.  The story line of France during WE2 was profound.  Kristen Hannah must have done tons of research to put the Nightingale together.  Every page was suspenseful and I did not know until the end Vianne was telling the story.  I thought it was Isabelle.  I finished the book a few days ago and I am still thinking about it. Thank you Kristen and I look forward to your next book.
This book has to be in the top ten best books I have ever read.  I have read many novels, fiction and nonfiction depicting this era.  None have come close to this one.  It was so well written and I couldn't put it down once I started it.  You literally lived through it, the pain, suffering, and hopelessness, with the characters in this book.  Through it all came the message of "love".  A must read!
Very dark, just as expected from this author
she is almost to descriptive and it gets old
Coming from Jewish descent, hearing my grandmother talk of survival during world war piqued my interest in this book by one of my favorite authors. At first I thought, could this author possibly deliver justice to the story before us? But I went ahead despite my mild trepidation. I have never been so glad that I did. Thank you for this amazing piece of art that allows us to remember the fallen.
This first paragraph is a review of the CD and not of the book by Kristen Hannah. As an avid listener of audio books, I was very disappointed in this recording due to the narrator, Polly Stone. I am not familiar with her work as a reader of other audio books,but I do know that she is rather popular. In this case, the narrator decided to adopt a very phony sounding French accent because the characters are French. You must be very good with accents in order to carry this off, and if you are not deft with accents it is probably best to just use your normal voice. I know that for some it is a matter of taste whether a narrator appeals or not -- I have returned audio books ordered from audible.com due to irritating narrators. One in particular stands out in my mind because he made all the female characters, regardless of age, sound like complaining older women. In this case, Polly Stone just cannot carry off a believable French accent, and had I not received this CD set for free from Amazon's Vine program in exchange for a review, I would have requested a refund!<br/><br/>I did enjoy the book very much, and in fact think that it was one of the best by Kirsten Hannah that I have read. It certainly was a change from her previous novels, which primarily have dealt with contemporary American characters, with resort to the flashback from time to time. A tale of two sisters with vastly different characters and personalities who get caught up with the French Resistance, one certainly more than the other. The book has a literary style and the dialog is realistic. It is very touching, but I do feel the ending was rather abrupt, as though Ms Hannah could not decide when to stop.
If I wrote my review after reading 50% of the book, I would have given the novel only one or two stars.  The characters are more like charactures than real people and the circumstances in which they find themselves seemed contrived to fit the story.  The second half does pick up steam (although the unfolding of the story does not become more realistic) and so I upped my star count to three.
Great Book
Wonderful.
great book
GREAT READ
Wonderful.
very nice.
Loved it!!
Excellent!
Quick read
Great read
PHENOMENAL
Good story
Excellent!
Great book
Excellent.
Must read!
Fantastic!
Excelllent
Great book
Very good!
Fantastic!
Great read
Great read
Great read
Great read
Excellent!
Wonderful!
Engrossing
Great book
Great book
Excellent!
Loved it!!
Excellent.
great read
Great book
Great book
Great book
Excellent!
Great book
Excellent!
Nice story
Great read
Great book
great book
Great book
Fantastic!
great book
Loved it !
Very good.
Great book
Very goode
just great
Great book
Excellent!
Great read
Good read!
Great read
Great read
Excellent!
Great read
great book
Great Book
Fast read.
Great book
Great book
Good read!
Great read
Amazing!!!
AMAZING!!!
Great resd
Great book
Excellent.
Great book
Was a gift
Great read
Great read
Great read
Excellent.
Great read
Excellent!
Excellent!
Great read
Loved it!!
Great book
Excellent!
Great book
Great read
Great book
Great read
Great read
Good read.
great book
Excellent!
Excellent!
Great book
Excellent!
Gret story
Very good.
Great book
good.....!
Great book
Great book
Excellent!
Excellent!
Excellent!
great book
Good book.
great read
Read this.
Great read
Enjoyed it
Good read.
Fabulous!!
Great read
Great read
Great book
Great read
Fabulous!!
Good book!
Nice read!
Great read
Great read
Riveting!!
SUPERB!!!!
Great read
Great book
Great book
Great book
Very good!
Great book
Good read!
Good story
GREAT BOOK
Good story
Wonderful!
Excellent.
Great book
Good read!
Great book
Excellent!
Wonderful!
Excellent!
Terrific!!
Great read
Love it!!!
great book
Great read
Great read
Excellent.
Great read
excellent!
Great book
Good book.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Wonderful!
Awesome!!!
Excellent!
Great book
Fantastic!
Great book
Great read
Wonderful.
Great read
excellent!
Excellent!
Great book
Great read
Excellent!
Great book
Good story
Great read
excellant!
Great read
Great book
great book
great read
Well done!
Good book!
Good book.
Great book
Good story
Excellent!
great read
Good read.
Great book
Great book
Good read.
Fantastic!
Wonderful!
Never really liked historical novels.  But this one.  I feel like it is a book that everyone must read.  The horror that this generation went through.  The strength they somehow found.  I feel very blessed that I haven't been called upon to bring that kind of strength.  And very blessed that Kirsten Hannah wrote this book.  Award worthy.  Will never forget it.
Ms. Hannah opened the wounds of WW II most vividly if not painfully. Though I have read a lot and seen a lot of movies about it, it was still eye opening some of the things that went on in individuals lives. This was a novel but no doubt these things occurred. The bravery and pure survival instincts of Isabel and Viane were astounding. This was a great read.
An account of two sisters who  become torn apart by war. Each has their own harrowing yet brave story of survival and altruism. I have always loved books about this time period, but this book is uniquely told from the different perspectives of these two sisters.  I particularly liked the realistic view of the Nazi invasion as being slow and methodical.
A wonderful story about WWll because there is a twist or two that will tug at your heart strings.  Not just a war story but individual experiences during the war in France and how people delt with the starvation and the cruelty of the occupation forces.  Ordinary citizens became silent heros.  Very well written and suspenseful-a worthwhile read.
Loved it!
Excellent
Excellent
Good Book
Good read
Wonderful
Loved it!
Good read
Fantastic
Wonderful
Loved it!
Excellent
Very good
Excellent
Excellent
good read
excellent
Loved it.
Very good
Wonderful
Excellent
Loved it!
Excellent
Good read
Beautiful
Beautiful
excellent
Good book
Fantastic
Loved it.
Loved it!
Loved it!
Loved it!
Loved it!
Loved it!
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Wonderful
Loved it!
Loved it!
Excellent
Wonderful
Good read
Excellent
Terrific!
Wonderful
Excellent
Excellent
excellent
Wonderful
Loved it!
excellent
Loved it!
wonderful
Fabulous!
Emotional
Riveting.
Stunning.
Excellent
terriffic
Excellent
Good read
Excellent
4 stars -
Loved it!
Loved it.
Good book
Loved it!
Excellent
Good read
Loved it.
Loved it!
Loved it!
stunning!
Amazing!!
Good book
Loved it!
Good read
Loved it!
excellent
Excellent
sad story
Excellent
Good read
Loved it!
Excellent
Excellent
Loved it!
excellent
Loved it!
Emotional
Excellent
Excellent
Excellent
Loved it!
Amazing!!
Excellent
Loved it!
Loved it!
Excellent
excellent
Thank you
Loved it!
Excellent
Good read
Excellent
Good read
Fabulous!
WONDERFUL
Excellent
Loved it.
Loved it!
good reaf
Good read
Friends persuaded me to read past the choppy and immature prose, as well as the feeble character development and I was happy I did.  Thd adventure was well planned and exciting, and I envisiomed a well made movie coming from the plot. I hope this author learns to write with thoughful words; she could be exceptionally successful.
I felt like I was there in France because of the authors vivid descriptions.  I learned so much about the way everything happened to the people of France during this terrible war.  I feel like the characters depicted what strong people the French were even though not all resisted.  It was a very interesting and historical story.
This book is the perfect book to bring some sanity into an insane war. I cried many times at the savage behavior that happens during war. I also celebrated the strength and human kindness of those who survived and for those who made survival happen. A must read for everyone. We must avoid another war with such epic consequences.
I thought the book was great! I do enjoy reading anything written by Kristan Hannah because she has a way of grabbing your attention right away and keeping it throughout the book. The story about two sisters in France during world war II and their struggles, relationships and family. It is a tear jerker at the end! I loved it!
Kristin Hannah does it again. She absolutely captivates, educated and inspires you all at the same time. I feel more in debt to those who fought for our freedom - for those who believed in what they fought for - now after reading this book. Thank you, Kristin, for a wonderful and exciting read!! I will recommend this to many.
For whatever reason, i was slow getting into this book but by about a third of the way thru ... I was hooked!  It turned out to be such a good story that i think i will remember it for a very long time.  Great character development, interesting storyline, satisfyingly well rounded ending, all-in-all a very good read!
This was a good book. I just couldnt give it 5 stars. It took more than 200 pages to pick up for me. I kept wondering what all the hype was about until it finally picked up a bit. overall it ended up being pretty powerful and educational.<br/>  I am a Kristin Hannah fan. For me her most powerful book was Homefront.
Best book I've read in a long, long time..being born in 1941 WWII was the war that shaped my life, but I'm only beginning to understand how. This book helped me see and understand the horror of the concentration camps and the heroic lives of the women who suffered because of them. I hope my life has honored them.
So well written, the author makes all the horror of war come alive. Also, the emotions of those people who lived thru the horrors are so real you feel like you experienced a d lived it yourself  A must read book and maybe Hannah's best book yet.  Thank you for giving me the experience of reading The Nightengale
predictable,  characters were flat
Kristen Hannah nails it. A page turner! I've read lots of books about wwii but never one from a French perspective. You are pulled in immediately and can't put it down. You feel the characters, their joy,  sorrow, pain, humiliation and love! It is unbelievable The things a person can endure and still survive.
I loved this book, I loved the characters and their stories, stayed up late at night to keep reading, couldn't wait to see how it all ended.  Although the story is sad, the strength of the characters tell so much more...I really thought the were real people/based on a true story, I felt I knew them so well
Loved it
loved it
Loved it
Amazing!
Gripping
Loved it
Amazing!
Enjoyed!
Fabulous
Fabulous
Loved it
Amazing.
Loved it
Amazing.
Loved it
Loved it
Loved it
Loved it
So good!
Loved it
Loved it
Loved it
Riveting
Awesome!
Loved it
Loved it
Fabulous
Loved it
Fabulous
Loved it
Fabulous
Powerful
Riveting
Great!!!
loved it
Loved it
Riveting
Loved it
Loved it
Awesome!
Liked it
Loved it
Loved it
Loved it
Riviting
Engaging
Loved it
fabulous
Loved it
Amazing!
Awesome!
Loved it
Fabulous
Although many novels have been written about Nazi occupied France, this is the first one that I have read written from the perspective of the women of France who suffered greatly and quietly aided in the Resistance. it is a moving story of familial love set in the midst of unbearable tragedy during WWII.
fabulous depiction of occupied France during World War Two through the lives of two sisters. Struggle for  survival as compelling as " Anne Frank"<br/>Compelled to continue reading when ever time would permit.  Looking forward to exploring more of Kristin Hannahs works.  Good reading book friends!
I'm a bit of a literary snob-- don't like romance novels or popular women's books, but I thought this novel was excellent.<br/>I think  both sisters' characters were well developed and believable.  What each experienced<br/> was mesmerizing.  Congratulations to Kristin Hannah from a grateful reader.
At first I thought I had read this book because it seemed so similar to the woman we left behind but then it diverged and was so gripping and descriptive. I felt the desperate ness of France and its people during the occupation. I thought this might be a true story. Book well written Kristin. Thanks
Well written but disturbing.  Everything was true and it showed how cruel the Nazis were to the French people and the Jews in particular.  The Vichy French were just as bad as the Germans but it's all in the history books and I am glad this book was written so we never forget World War 11.
Awesome
Love it
Awesome
Amazing
Enjoyed
Amazing
awesome
Enjoyed
Awesome
Amazing
Too many descriptive narratives.  How does the color and type of clothing affect the plot?<br/>The story was bland at best and told before.<br/>I would not recommend this  book except for a reader who is looking for a way to waste some time.
Based on the reviews for this book, it certainly sounded like something that I had to read and the reviewers were right -- it was an outstanding book.  Remarkable story and written/told very well (in my opinion).  I highly recommend this book.
Very in depth detailed of the people in the French countryside during the German occupation in WWII. Sobering descriptions of people being displace and migrating to a place or country where they hope to be safe. Not. Unlike refugees of today.
Profound and very moving, this tale of heroic sisters surviving the German occupation in France is sure to encourage one's appreciation for the strength of the human spirit. I've enjoyed all of Kristin Hannah's books but this takes the cake!
It was very engaging but I don't know why when I was done I felt like it was not the best written or the most compelling. I actually wanted to give it a better review because it is A page tuner but almost like a Hallmark made for tv movie.
This books has literally been a chore to read. I love this time period in history. I am fadcintated by and have been since history in college. I found this a very slow read. I am thankful I didn't buy it. I checked it out from the library.
One of the best books I've read in many years<br/> A superb historical fiction with drama well written I can picture all the characters very emotionally touching as well<br/> I now have an image of parts of France because of the writing
Kudos to Kristen Hannah. This is story about good versus evil, love triumphing over hate and war. A story of two sisters and the incredible sacrifices they made during a horrific time. Truly one of the best books I've read. Unforgettable.
I didn't think it would be better than "Winter Garden", but it was! Very well written. I couldn't put it down, and felt like I was there with them. I am forever in awe of what these people endured during such a dark time in our history.
Did not think I could tolerate another WWII historical novel, but really enjoyed how this was written and understanding a bit more on the role women played in the resistance.  Moved quickly, good character development.  end suprised me.
I have never read a Kristin Hannah book that I didn't like. This one has you hooked from the first.  It's not like any of her other books though so be prepared for something just a little different.  Thanks Kristin for another winner!
This book was hard to put down and I thoroughly enjoyed it. There was one section that felt a little rushed and contrived - if not for that it would have been 5 stars. Another grim reminder of what life during WWII was probably like.
An amazing account of the French Resistance fighters during World WR II.  Could not out it down.  Put a very human face on what these people risked to help the allied armies.  Don't know that people today could or would be so brave.
I learned history from the perspective of WWII French occupation. I learned more about women during WWII. The plot and characters were predictable and rather stock-based; the ending was a fait accompli. The writing was unobtrusive.
I loved this book. It's awful to think of the devastation that Hitler brought upon so many people. The people that continue to fight against oppression are amazing. Isabelle Rossignol is a vibrant character and a joy to read about.
very interesting story which brought back to light the many problems encountered by those living in occupied Europe during WWII. The story was well presented.  I had trouble putting it down until I arrived at the disappointing end.
I am so happy I finally decided to add this to my list of "Books Read." I can only hope everyone who hears of this book will take the time to read it and remember those who have given of themselves so others can have a better life!
Some twists, but they are large and unexpected. Really enjoyed writing, story, history - although history is difficult, very well done!<br/>Passed this book to a reader-friend, who texted me that she LOVES it & Can't put it down.
I felt this historical fiction was interesting and the setting in Paris and France was intriguing. The french have suffered a lot in history and this was a time during the Nazi occupation and the many hardships faced by everyone.
Not sure why this book is so highly rated. Exceptional story for sure, but not exceptional writing. I was disappointed. Can only suspect that the reviews were influenced by the emotional nature of the subject matter (holocaust).
Great!
Great!
Great!
This story is very different from the author's other books. It is an excellent story of sisters , family and courage in the face of the evils of WWII. Excellent read, very hard to put down. It is my favorite of all her books.
Excellent  book . It is rich in strength, loyalty, family love and emotions. War is horrible and the poor people in the towns who suffer on both sides .. A must read if the reader wants a deep and rich book of human courage
Winter Garden had been my favorite book of all time.... and then I read this. This story of war, love, and loss was a page turner, a tear jerker, and a perfectly developed story that leaves you guessing until the last word.
War changes everything. The Nightingale family story breathes life into  dark chapter of history. Read this book to be inspired as you see some of the choices for survival despite the horrors of living in occupied France.
This is a must read. The characters make you feel like you are there, living this struggle. It is a moving novel of heroism at its best. More books should have strong women like these that teach us how to endure and love.
Wonderful book and beautifully written.  I really connected to the characters and cared about them.  It was interesting to read about the French Resistance and how people lived and survived during those perilous years.
Parts of it were really riveting, and it was well-written with good characters, but it was way<br/>too long. It went on and on, when less would really have been more. It could have easily been<br/>100 pages shorter.
I loved The Nightingale almost as much as I loved Winter Garden.  Kristin Hannah is a gifted storyteller and I thoroughly enjoy her work. If you love Winter Garden you will love The Nightingale.
Although I just finished this book I will probably read again, now. What moved mr most about the book is that it shows war from the view of women. There is nothing I didn't like about this book.
What a story of bravery and pain. Many of us don't know the part that women played in WW2, and this novel captured the pain of France. One of the important historical fiction pieces of the time.
I am not an avid reader, but I know a good book when I read it.  This book is EXCELLENT !!  I judge books and movies by my emotions while reading…this book definitely pulled at my heartstrings.
This is without a doubt, one of the most wonderful books I've ever read.  It was heartbreaking and heartwarming.  A book I didn't want to put down.  This is a book I will certainly read again.
I love stories about world war 2 and this one did not disappoint. I liked that it showed the extreme struggles women in France faced during the war. If you like history you will like this one.
A truly rich story filled with the horrors and triumphs of war. But how often does the reader need to  Be reminded of the conflicted feelings of the family and the love/hate relationships ???
Excellent read. However, I was somewhat disappointed since suddenly u found Vianne in the. US without any explanation. I felt that I would have liked to understand how she suddenly got there
Nightengale was a pretty interesting book but I wasn't excited to see what the next chapter held.  the author wrote a good book, I don't feel it was a great book.  Would still recommend it.
One of the best books that I have read in a long time that I didn't have the ending figured out before I got there. Born in 1939 it made me stop and think what my family had gone through.
Faced paced history of France during World War II.  Attention to detail and character development help make this horrendous era hard to forget.  A well crafted story of how love survives.
Oh how this story gripped me as I found myself feeling their pains and victories and rooting for their survival even when I was going about my everyday life. So well written and powerful.
Great
LOVE!
Super
Great
GREAT
Great
Good.
Great
Great
Great
Great
great
Great
Great
Great
Great
I think it's one of her better book. It took me a while to get into it but I like it
Great
Great
Great
Engrossing read!  Although there are some holes in the story I still give it five stars!  Perhaps we are supposed to wonder about a few details along the way and at the end of the book.
For those who love historical fiction this book is a natural fit, but truly this book will touch the hearts of my readers. Tough to read in places but utterly worth it. Fantastic book.
LOVED this book.  I have read many books that take place during WWII.  What I liked about The Nightengale is it gives a totally different perspective than what I have read in the past.
I found it very thought provoking and an inside look at the horrors and yet the humanity that France endured during WWII; all from the women's point of view. A very diffent approach.
I love the cover design, first of all.<br/><br/>The book is great, it really draws you in. I think it's interesting that you're not quite sure which sister is narrating the story.
I was "hooked" from the first page and literally resented every interruption as I read. The hours passed very swiftly. The characters were very real to me. Thank you Kristin Hannah!
Awesome book!  I loved the way the sisters had a relationship together and apart.  The book was all about family - it's ups and downs through good times and bad.  Highly recommend!
An enjoyable diversion with strong but predictable plot, well-developed and relatable characters, weepy ending. Well-written, curl-up-on-a-rainy-day kind of book. Comfort reading.
Excellent historical fiction about the occupation of France during WWII by the Nazis. Great read about human endurance and the atrocities inflicted by the Germans.
I had trouble putting this down. I loved it and even shed a tear or two. An amazing story about very strong woman in the midst of life coming apart. A must read!!!
Highly recommend. Interesting and engaging. Highly recommend. Interesting and engaging. Recommend. Recommend. Recommend. Recommend. Recommend. And and and and and
I could not put this book down. I have recommended it to everyone who asks for a good read. It is so well-written and all of the characters have such complexity.
The story really brought to life what it must have been like for those who suffered through Hitler's atrocities.  Very thought provoking and emotionally charged.
Wonderful, powerful story about strong women in an unimaginable situation. I had no idea what Nazi occupied France may have been like. Thank you for this story.
I didn't know what to expect but I was caught up instantly and needed to keep reading until the very last word. Beautifully written and a tale needed telling.
The story leaves you with such an intense experience as you feel what the characters experienced living under the tyranny of Nazi occupation in your country.
There are no proper words that describe the feeling when reading this. It is a book all should read at some point in life. Plainly put, it is simply amazing.
I loved this book.  It was one of my best reads ever.  The book was well written and I was truly sorry when it ended.  Wish I could find another one like it.
Reminded me a bit of Winter Garden. I think this was her best by far. Couldn't put it down! Very vivid story of survival in France during World War II.
Wonderfully written book.  Could not put it down.  I have read many books about WW2 but this one really gave you a insight into what the women endured.
Amazing! In my top 5  ever.Good to see strong women persevere.<br/>Bought a copy for 6 family members.<br/>I could hardly breathe as the book ended.
I enjoyed this book immensely.  Kristin Hannah once again puts forth a well researched novel regarding WWII.  The character development appears real.
One of her best. Brings an ugly war to life. I could visualize so much of it. As always, it brought tears to my eyes. I can't wait for her next book.
A very compelling story, and poignant considering the number of times circumstances such as these were bound to have actually occurred at that time.
What an incredible book of heroic people!!!  I loved this story. A powerful story about love, tragedy and survival through unbearable times. 5 stars
Slow to start( like the middle of the  book slow) but from then on wonderful characters fromWWII. Excellent characterizations and believable events!
good
👍🏽
Excellently written. Great ending. Good book.  I enjoyed how it jumped from the past to the present and kept you wondering who survived.
Beautifully written and a charming story. A little predictable at the end, but worth every minute reading. A great and easy summer read.
Great book with so much history. Page turner - Kristin Hannah makes you feel the characters emotions and provokes emotion in the reader.
My friend suggested that I read it; she said it was very good.  I say it is great!  Had me in tears at the end.  What a wonderful story.
Very interesting story of families in France struggle for survival during Nazi occupation. Characters well developed. Writing excellent.
If you love historical fiction then this is the book for you. I just discovered Kristin Hannah and absolutely love her writing style!!!
I often think humans are the meanest creature in the universe. No animal will kill except to eat and protect themself. But human.....
it certainly provides a vivid contrast to my beautiful life without oppression, starvation, fear, and worry that would eat you alive.
Perhaps her best book ever, and she has written a large number of fabulous books.  A new direction for her, and absolutely brilliant.
Loved this book.  Could not put it down, and did not want it to end.  Beautifully woven, liked the flash-forward sort of teasers....
A difficult time in history, and truly "lest we forget". We remember and this story brings it out. Filled with love, pain, sadness.
This is a book that hooked me right from the first page. I could not get it it down until it was finished. What a wonderful read !!
Best book I've read in a long time. Very moving and sad but could not put it down. Looking forward to reading more by this author.
Just read it. That's really all to say. Characterizations awesome. Story not usual with focus on the French. Just read it, really.
A wonderful book about the horror of WWII.  The story of two heroic sisters, each in her own way. Heartbreaking story of survival.
A beautifully written story that tugs at the heart and seems very realistic.  I became totally captivated and couldn't put it down
Very inciteful and informative story about France in World War 11. All the characters well developed and authentically memorable.
Really a great read,that leaves you sad but appreciative of what the French people had to do to survive.Read it you'll love it.
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I read it a month ago and still it sits in the forefront of my mind.
Important story of life in occupied France during World War II and the suffering and heroism of two sisters.  Highly recommend.
If you enjoy historical fiction with a strong female base you will love this book. It was full of suspense and very moving.
This is a very written story of a tragic time in history where women were unsung heroines and survivors of the unthinkable.
Kristin Hannah is a wonderful writer.  The Nightingale was no exception.  It was an amazing piece of historical fiction!!!
It was a little slow in the beginning but then I could not put it down.  It was not what I expected and very well written.
Would highly recommend for everyone<br/>Great story of a tragic time in our world<br/>Cruelty of Germans hard to believe
This book is simply beautiful. Each character is so well crafted creating such a masterpiece of fictional writing. Read it
A beautiful, heart-wrenching story about love, loss and survival during World War II told through the eyes of two sisters.
Very good read!  Put in their places could I have risen to the occasion?  I hope my country men could have depended on me.
Interesting story on horrors and  heroics of Nazi occupied France.  Moral of book is that love triumphs over evil.  Jackie
Great novel. Easy summer read. Enjoyed the plot and story line. You will like this book. Interesting and thoughtful story
An excellent novel that has good writing.  It holds your interest and is quite captivating.  Good characterization.
If you like historical fiction, you will enjoy the story. I can't imagine what is was like to live through the war.
Hated to put this book down! Poignant and powerful, this is a must read! Absolutely Kristin Hannah's best book yet!
Extremely well written!  One of the best books I've read in years!  I've been telling all my friends about it too.
This was a great Kristin Hannah read! I liked the suspense, historical background, and the heart felt characters .
Loved this book! Such a talented writer who's only maturing as she goes. It will suck you in from the first pages!
Thrilling story, however a bit repetitive. But a nice love story, about different types of love. I recommend it!
Love, hate, fear, joy, friendship, the horror of war. A great story of the strength of a family through it all.
I had to make myself finish this book. Thoroughly depressing and sad. It was arguably the worse time in history for mankind committing atrocities against fellow human beings, and I did not enjoy reading this fictional version. Author depicts gratuitous violence designed to shock, disgust and repel the reader.  If this had not been on our Book Club reading list, I would have put the book down after reading100 pages.
Powerful description of the German occupation of France from the effects if the Gentile population Wee written
Great book. one of the best I have ever read. A real treasure for anyone who loves to explore a different time
This was fantastic! Better than any book on WW II I have ever read.. I highly recommend this book to everyone.
Sad
A l
Grw
One of the BEST books I have read in a long time. It is in my top 5 best books of all times list :) buy it !!
This book really reminded me of Hemingway. I was hooked at the end. Very memorable story and worth the read.
A different sort of book from Kristen Hannah - set in World War Two but oh so good.  I couldn't put it down!
Very well written.  Makes you feel that you are a part of the story and share the terrible emotions of war.
Kristin Hannah as out did herself on this one! So many emotions! Hands down the best book I have ever read!
A moving story about two sisters during WWII in France!  Loved it as did the members of a local book club.
An incredible story of the war I never knew. A must read.  Truth revealed is the only truth.  Please read.
Loved this novel!  A truly wonderful spy WWII story!  It moves right along ... and it is hard to put down.
Loved this book! Very well written and kept me thinking about the next time I would get to read it again!
Two sisters caught in Nazi-occupied France each contribute and survive the hardships in their individual ways.  The tale as written brings to life the persons and concerns of individuals living through World War II.  Hannah has researched the details and presents the events so vibrantly that you begin to feel with the characters.  You develop a new definition for heroism, survival, and love.
Wonderful story from a different perspective of a young girl and her many encounters throughout the war.
Very enjoyable book about two French sisters during WW I I taking different paths to fight the Germans.
France and WW2, not usually a book I would pick up. But, I loved it! One of the best books I have read!
Once again the story of survival in a hate filled war.  Let us never, never forget.  I will read again.
This is the best book I've ever read and I've read a LOT of books. No other words do this book justice.
,It is well written, and interesting but just not my cup of tea.  I found it rather depressing.
Realistic view of the hardships of a terrible war. Heart rending.  The human spirit is amazing.
A wonderful book!  This story will stay in my mind for a long time.  A must read in my opinion!
Good history story line.  Very sad parts since it dealt with WWll.  Would recommend this book!
One of the best historical fiction books I have ever read.  Recommended it to all my friends.
Read it for a book club and really enjoyed it.  We had a lot of good discussion as a result.
I loved every word in this book! I could not stop reading but I just didn't want it to end.
This book was a fabulous read! Good character development. I did not want the story to end!
fascinating story of 2 sisters" differing resistance to Nazi occupation in WWII France.
It was well written & story line made it difficult to put down. Really admired the sidters
This book captivated my attention. It was hard to put it down and very moving.
I thought this book was well written.  Kept me involved from beginning to end.
Beautiful story of courage. Sacrifice, forgiveness and survival! A must read.
A perfect Book Club Read that was base on a real life story of human bravery.
A sensitive, moving account of life in France during the German occupation.
An exceptionally well-written story about a terrible time in human history.
Beautifully written, it was like reading a very entertaining history book!
Really enjoyed the book. Great refresher on history too.. Recommend book!
a well written saga that stays with you long after you turn the last page
A very up close and personal look at life in occupied France durung WWII.
I am still thinking about the characters, weeks after finishing the book.
I feel like I have read too much on this subject. It is very depressing.
:)
No
Riveting story that stays with you long after you've finished the book?
Loved this book!  I finished it a week ago and am still thinking about!
I am a Kristin Hannah fan.  This was her best one yet! - South Carolina
I did not think it was as good as Kristen Hannah's Book uselessly are.
A story that stays with you forever.  One of the best I've ever read.
One of the most interesting and well written books I have ever read!
wonderful story...the only complaint is the ending a bit contrived.
Wonderful book filled with some history about the awfulness of WWII
Excellent! Loved reading it. Once you start, you won't put it down.
An exceptional, well crafted novel, all too true in most aspects.
wonderful story - weoll written - a true page turner- loved it
What a great story. I listened to and from work and loved it.
My favorite book of the summer so far...couldn't put it down.
Wonderful story with a wonderful twist at the end.  Loved it.
A compelling story of love, courage and survival during WW11.
This is a very good book----well-written and based on truth.
I hated to have this book end. An absolutely wonderful read.
This book is really engaging and compelling. So enjoyed it.
It was too sad for me. I wouldn't recommend it to myfriends
Thoroughly developed, entertaining, and thought provoking.
A wonderful story told beautifully.  Highly recommend it.
Fabulous book. Holds your attention. Definitely 5 stars!
Absolutely loved this book. Did not want to put it down.
Full of adventure, family issues, life changing events.
Great book!  Thoroughly engaging from beginning to end.
This one of the best books I have read in a long time.
started out good, but dragged too much in the middle
Just an engaging terrific book. A really good story.
Every part was so predictable. I was so disappointed
Very entertaining. I couldnt put it down. Must read
Excellent book.  Well written and hard to put down.
Excellent read...almost impossible to set it down.
engrossing historic story of survival during WW II
the only warning....once you start you can't stop!
I found the book extremely depressing and violent.
I don't know I haven't had time to read this book!
Great book- one of my favorite recent reads!
GREAT STORY AND VERY GOOD HISTORICAL DETAIL.
Amazing! Best book I've read in a long time.
Excellent story from the French perspective!
Loved it! Beautiful story that made me cry.
Great story. Writing is somewhat repetetive
a wonderful book of perseverance ..4 stars
Nightingale a storyline true family love.
Well written if slightly clunky at times.
Powerful, hearrbreaking story - well told
Excellent book. Enjoyed it very much.
Excellent read.  Beautifully written
Excellent book, highly recommend it.
WW 2 from a woman's side of the war.
A must read for WW2 history classes.
The horrors of WW II one more time.
Riveting storyline and an easy read
I couldn't put it down.  I love it!
Very good. Story was so interesting
e
C
Great book.  Couldn't put it down.
WELL WRITTEN BUT AT TIMES DRAGGED.
I loved this book.  I cried a lot.
moving, stirring read...Gramgerica
I have just read about one hundred pages, so I really wouldn't dare to comment on the entire novel.  My remarks are about the actual book.  The binding is terrible, and all of the pages are falling out!  It is very distracting and annoying.  I did not see any other comments of this sort, so possibly it is just bad luck on my part...that I received such a flawed copy of this book.
Kept my attention from page one!
Great story! a true pageturner..
Interesting story and well told
Will do when I finish the book
Beautiful and heartbreaking
Hated to have the book end!
Didn't' want to put it down
Great book, very emotional.
Excellently written story.
5 stars.  Loved that book
Well written page turner.
I could not put it down!
I enjoyed it very much.
Couldn't put it down!!M
I do not write reviews
Really enjoyable read!
Difficult to get into
Couldn't put it down.
Could not put it down
Very enjoyable book!
It was a great book.
A book with a lot of potential that tried to do too many things.
Too sad and cruel.
Loved ever minute.
I'm somewhat at a loss in reviewing this novel. I neither loved it, nor hated it. Let me be clear - I'm not conflicted, I just don't have any strong feelings either way about "The Nightingale."<br/>The story focuses on the Rossignol family  - specifically the two sisters Vianne & Isabelle - during World War 2. Both sisters, in their own way contribute to the French Resistance movement. And, as it turns out, their father too, was part of the Resistance.<br/>We read too about the deprivations and degradations people endured during the war. And of course, the worse treatment of all is meted out to the Jews. And as to that, I wonder about the truth of some of the depictions of brutality committed by the Nazis. I don't want to suggest lazy storytelling on the part of the author, but it's so easy these days to paint all Nazis with a broad brush as savage, brutish thugs. However, if this compels me (and others) to read about real-life Nazi treatment of the French (and French Jews) during this era, then that's a good thing.<br/>As to this novel, I don't know why but I could not "connect" with any of the characters. I didn't feel any strong emotion reading about the triumphs or tragedies the sisters endured. I like to think I'm not made out of stone, but this novel just didn't truly engage me. The author's prose, pacing and overall plot were good, but it's hard for me to pin down why I wasn't more emotionally invested. Ultimately, I turned the last page of "The Nightingale" thinking that for me, this novel was just "there" and would probably be forgotten within a short time. I don't begrudge others who may absolutely love this novel, praising it to the moon, since YMMV. But for me, it was just OK.
Overall good book
Excellent reading
Loved this book!
One great  read!
I didn't care for this book.  Not one of my favs.
Excellent read!
Great story....
Excellent book.
Loved the book.
best book ever!
Excellent book!
Set in WWII France, the focus is on the French Resistance as it plays out in the life of two very different sisters, as well as various characters in their lives.  The characters are beautifully drawn in their complexity, families, loves and decisions.  The brutality of the war is ever present but the spotlight is on individual courage (or not), resilience and toughness.  In the very large library of WWII centered stories, this one is an important book.  I highly recommend it.
Just could not get myself to read past chapter 7.  Didn't realize I was getting a romance novel.  WHY, HOW did this book get so many five star reviews?  Shallow character development, simplistic writing style and for sure did not seem authentic.  Eeeek!  Hate it when I waste hard-earned money on purchasing such as this.  Sorry, but somehow this got misrepresented with its ratings.  But I guess Ms Hannah made a pile on sales.  Oh well.
Very readable!
Wonderful Book
Wonderful book
Great book!!!!
Amazing book!
Not finished.
Wonderful Rea
There are many excellent books, both fiction and non fiction, on the Holocaust.  Unfortunately, this is not one of them.
Fantastic!!!
Incredible!!
Great Read!!
Amazing read
Great story.
Great Read!
Great book!
Great book.
Great read!
Great Story
Well done.
Great Book
great read
Great read
Fantastic!
Great read
Nice book!
Wonderful!
Fantastic
Loved it!
Loved it.
a condensed history of German abuse.  don't rely on books like this for a history lesson...  though i fear most do.  a love story perhaps.  i didnt hate it... but fear folks will think they have cracked the code to the 1940s... when books like these only scratch the surface.
nothing new in this book.
Fabulous
Wonderful book, I liked the way the author started with Vianne as an old woman, but you don't know it is her until the end.  The Nightingale was the epitome of women who fought during WWII, undercover, and sacrificing their lives.
AI tried to give 5 stars but kindle wouldn't let me. Excellent book! Couldn't put it down. I like books that teacExcellenth me some history as well as being a good read. This book certainly served me in both ways.
Great!
Full of cliches.
It was a well written book which the<br/>reader got very involved from page 1 but<br/>a very sad story which unfortunately<br/>was true.
Very interesting and moving story of two sisters during WWII. At times the story moved slowly, but the second half was hard to put down.
Not as good as her previous books
okay
I have read many books by this author and I decided to buy this book solely based on the great reviews. I stopped reading half way through because I was so bored with it. I made myself try again a few weeks later and it did pick up and become interesting. I enjoyed the ending, but it really was not worth my time.
This was an amazing story and I learned history about World War II that I did not know.  Excellent book.
Very well written story. It deals with the impact on France when the Germans invaded in World War II.
Really loved the content of the story & you felt like you were right there living it with them!
I have not read this book, but have loved her others ones, which is why I bought this one!
Absolutely amazing! Great Read. Fast pace. Great job capturing all essence of the war
Book club loved it.  First time that has happened in a long time.  Well written.
So well written and held my interest......couldn't put it down!
good read that keeps getting better as the story evolves.
This is one of the best book I have ever read! Amaazing !
I just couldn't get into this book. way too depressing
I couldn't put it down. I finished the book in 2 days.
Simplistic
It was a very powerful gripping story.
Couldn't put it down!  Very engaging!
THE WAR FROM A DIFFERENT ANGLE
I have read all her books. This one not for me...I do not enjoy books written about war...so many reviews I thought I would read....Not for me..she is one of my favorite writers. Hope you enjoy
I paid for this book but only got the SAMPLE. WHY ??
Great book on the history of the French resistance.
It's a good book but another book about the Nazi's.
I want to give The Nightengale five stats.
A wonderful, spell binding book.
I really enjoyed this book.
COULDN'T PUT THE BOOK DOWN
Have not read it yet.
I liked it very much
enjoyed the book
A Mini Review: The Nightengale by Kristin Hannah<br/><br/>I truly enjoyed reading Kristin Hannah's The Nightengale. As readers of a brilliantly worded book, we were afforded a slice of life during a most horrific time....World War !!. For the first time, we meet Isabel, a worman who truly risked her life to save others. A masterful story. Millicent K. Brody
Very Satisfied
WONDERFUL BOOK
A great read.
Enjoyed it
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and have recommended it to friends and even bought a copy for a friend.  It makes you realize what the French people went through during World War II and the Nazi occupation of their country.  Excellent!
an eye opening book.  There will always be evil in the world  but I hope it will never get this bad again.  Isis is the new Nazi s.  This was a very good book--pitting the ordinary good person against the evil of the world.
I couldn't put the book down. I became very attached to the characters. It was a captivating story in spite of the extreme challenges that were faced by the French during the war. I highly recommend this book.
This underlines mans inhumanity to man--it is hard to believe that a group of so-called humans could treat other humans so horribly because they were Jews or were just not Germans--alert us never forget!
It's a great book.  Once you start you won't want to put in down.
It was an excellent book that you couldn't put down
Fabulous.....so well written and heart wrenching.
It was a marvelous book. I'd recommend it highly
I bought the book without getting a sample because Kristin Hannah is my favorite author. However I was very disappointed in this book. There was way too much about the war and not enough about the people. This book is very different from what she usually writes. I just couldn't get into it and gave up about halfway through.
Great sort. Could not put the book down
One of the best books I ever read!
The best book I have ever read!!!
Great book.  Enjoyed every minute
I didn't purchase this!
