I'm surprised that,even though I knew she left Scientology, she so openly called out Tom Cruise on his own unethical behaviors.
An honest, funny and often disturbing look into Leah's life personal, professional and scientology. She is a brave, funny woman
I was familiar with Leah Remini, but I didn't watch her most popular show King of Queens. I have been fascinated with Scientology for a while now. It is just unbelievable to me what this "church" gets away with and how isolated they are able to keep its members.  Leah Remini is very candid about her experience. It is great to have one of the celebrity members speak out; as their stories attract more attention than those of  former Sea Org insiders. CoS is weakening, the press no longer feel the muscle of the church to keep them from any negative reporting. Her anecdotes are funny and the loss of friends is very sad. This is a strong woman who stands up for those being mistreated. I really enjoyed the audio version. She really makes the book come to life. I could listen to it multiple times and still enjoy it.
Received this book and read it straight through. I have always been somewhat indifferent to Leah Remini, finding her a little grating at times and funny at others. I did enjoy King of Queens and her chemistry with Kevin James though I was not a regular viewer of that show. After reading the book straight through last night and this morning, add me to Leah's fan club. Her story is inspiring and the strength she demonstrates in her story and her writing are inspirational. Few of us will ever be in a situation as desperate and destructive as Leah but she certainly lays out a model of believing in yourself, being loyal to family and friends, and having the nerve to speak up that will work well for lesser tribulations others might face in schools, workplaces etc. Wonderful book and I can't wait to get others reading it.
Troublemaker--- Leah Remini and Rebecca Paley ...... A lovely and detailed account of Leah's experience with the Church ( Cult) of Scientology.<br/><br/>I stayed up all night reading Troublemaker. Very authentic and honest. I have always been oddly horrified and fascinated by the cult of Scientology. I simply cannot believe that in this day and age that this cult continues to get away with its scary and mind-blowing actions.....all under the guise of a "religion".... formed in the mind of a failed and flailing science fiction writer.<br/>Leah and Rebecca simply laid it out there in a direct and honest way. You come away with a better ( shudder) understanding of Scientology vision and practices...and Leah's experience with this all determining cult. Bold, brash and brave.......couldn't put it down. Xox
Great, honest look at a subject many don't talk about. I respect her upfront account that many don't have the courage to do.
An incredible book by a very outspoken and open woman, wife and mom.<br/>Leah put her heart and soul into this book. She holds nothing back and tells it like it is.<br/>You will learn not only about how difficult it is to become a star but how we all can become devoted to a cause only do discover we have been mislead. Leah wanted to help the world and so she signed on with Scientology. You will follow her life through her dedication to Scientology and how she discovers she was misled and was actually harming others and herself by being involved with it.<br/>  Leaving Scientology is not a simple task. Leah lost many friends but she is a strong woman who stood her ground.<br/>  Leah doesn't sugarcoat what happend to her. Fortunately she had friends who stood by her and gave her support.<br/>  I highly recommend he book.
I read the book in one day, couldn't put it  down.  Thank you Leah for standing up for what you believe in. Awesome book.
I loved this book.  Read in in 24 hours.  But it is something I am interested in.  I can see some people not liking it.
Very informative.  Amazing to find out the hold Scientology has on people. Glad Leah  and her family were to escape.
Amazing book that provides a different, yet honest perspective of Leah's experience in the church of Scientology.
I don't think this is a book about Scientology. On the surface people might think so. It's really a book about Leah Remini realizing that in spite of every hour and every dollar she sunk into her religion the church ultimately let her down. She did what she was supposed to do and still found herself questioning everything and stunned when her time to separate from the church could no longer be put off.  Her journey could be anyone's facing drastic change. I was impressed with Ms Remini's honesty, strength and courage. There were times in the book that you feel like a friend is telling you a wild story and you want to hug her or ask her when she went bat shirt crazy, or hug her when you know she was crying, but you still hang on every word.
Absolutely loved this book. Moments of laughter, sadness, anger, happiness. Juicy details about celebs. I didn't know much about Scientology before and my past perception of it was just that it is peculiar. She breaks down Scientology in to something you can understand and the flaws of the religion and the things that took are so messed up, really, you can't make that stuff up. I was baffled. At the end she gave some good hearted observations of life and honestly I felt that really her story with Scientology isn't over yet. Shelly is still "missing". I hope that with this book there will be an uproar and Leah and her readers/fans will someday know there truth about where Shelly is and if she is really okay. Great job Leah!
I am a fan of Leah Remini.  I loved The King of Queens. I can tell you this memoir of hers was very compelling and I can't even begin to tell you how much I respect and admire Leah for being brave enough to cut ties with this cult, this farce of a religion that brainwashes, extorts money from and not only mentally, but physically abuses it's parishioners.  I don't understand why so many celebrities subscribe to this utter nonsense that they're saving the planet and all of mankind by dumping millions of dollars into this sick and twisted cult.  I wish Leah and her family nothing but the best.  I will never spend another dime on any Tom Cruise movie again.  His over inflated ego and wretched personality was certainly an eye opener.
I was expecting it to be pretty bad, but it was actually pretty good.  Leah at least explained some of the mystery around scientology...it sounds so weird and still does sound like a 'cult' to me.  Seems to me ANY religion would be so much easier than Scientology!!  Way too much time commitment!  I've always enjoyed her on Queens but didn't know or had forgotten she was on some other shows.  She also told about her own life and growing up.  She seemed to  be one determined person to accomplish what she has, and  it appears she is honest in telling everything in the book.  Also how she described Tom Cruise was exactly the way I would image him to be ...a real pompous full of himself person!  I never watch any of his movies.
Finally real authentic real talk. Now, Leah really has guts!!!!<br/>Not a dull moment, perfectly executed!!!!
Leah, (like you will actually read this - but whatever). You go on with your bad pass self my girlfriend!! Look, no one likes fake bass Tom cruise anyway. We (meaning the 99 % of the world that isn't scientology) all know that cult is off the charts wacky and none of those stars that are in it are relevant today anyway. They need the adoration of that "church" to feel special because no one believes any of their crap anymore. People see it for what it really is, a dangerous, money hungry, punishment machine that caters to the top money makers. I am sure you can see the forest for the trees, now that you are out.  Good for you! Love you, love your balls and love your family. You are the best! Sarisharp@gmail.com
I'll be honest- until I read this book I could give two craps about Leah Remini. After watching the broadcasted 20/20 special a few weeks ago, I knew I had to read this one.<br/>I will give it to her that she threw a LOT of daggers- but they were thrown at the right things. I appreciated that she explained to us why Scientology could be good for someone and what it's actual purpose is. But I agree with her after reading this- the Church of Scientology is overrun and governed by corrupt people and has become nothing but a cult.<br/><br/>Leah cracked me up listening to her narrate the audiobook- I loved her uncensored opinions and I appreciate anyone who uses humor to make their way through a dark time.
THIS BOOK tells it like it is, Leah was brutely honest and brave. The book is well written and easy to read, and the humor was great,  THANK GOD she is free to live her life as she sees fit,,. I'm so angry that they call this a religon, god would never allow such abuse and pure greed. She just kept feeding them money and they just kept taking, from her the rest rest of the parishioners, they call it a church, how laughable,, I can just imagine the billions they have raked from people since the start, no wonder why they don't allow the internet, they don't want you to know the real deal and how corrupt they are!,, ,,,,Tom Cruise needs his head examined, this is no way to live,, kudos to Leah!,,
I bought the Kindle edition yesterday and got next to nothing done because I couldn't put it down.  Leah is so funny, raw and honest in this book...I think Scientology has met their match in this girl.  She gives credit where credit is due but exposes a lot of this organization that is run by greedy and power hungry people.  I've always been a big fan of King of Queens and it saddened me to realize what Leah was going through behind the scenes, all brought on because of this so called "religion".  I'm glad she's broken free from it and found it really interesting that she chose not to expose her daughter to it too much...she must have always had a gut feeling that it wasn't healthy.
Having followed the Scientology saga for many years I'm so glad that Leah wrote this book. I think it was very brave to do so knowing the history of this hateful group. I like the way she had told her story, as many do not understand how logical people could get involved, and I think this helps to clear it up. I only hope that a lot more people involved  in Scientology will have the courage to leave as well. I now understand most of them are just believing they are trying to help. I think she is spot on in regards to Tom Cruise. He needs to wake up!<br/>I will recommend this book to everyone I know, I think the more light spread on this organization, the better. Hello IRS!
Excellent book. Well written and, at times, funny and moving. It peels back the rotten outer flesh of what Scientology really is. I would still like to know what the fate of Shelly Miscavage is (the reason Leah finally decided to leave the cult), as the LAPD swept the investigation under the carpet without ever verifying her whereabouts or well-being. I applaud Leah Remini's courage to leave and then to expose Scientology's corrupt and bizarre practices. Probably not considered as bizarre as any other "religion" to the uninitiated of their beliefs,but everyone in the world outside of the cult knows it for what it is. Good luck to Leah and her family in the future.
Purchased this one morning last week and finished it a few hours later,  A very entertaining and revealing tale, spoken in Leah's real voice, which I enjoyed immensely.  It was as if she were sitting in your living room telling you about her very involved life.  I know there's been a lot of media coverage about her crazy stories of Tom Cruise (and they are a bit out there but frankly, not anything I didn't expect) but she doesn't tell it in a gossip-y way, she just relays the facts, as she witnessed them.  I really liked this book and recommend it to anyone who enjoys hearing about other peoples lives, we all have a "story" and Leah has a doozy!!!
Wow what an incredible story. I couldn't stop reading! I commend Lisa for putting it all out there.
Leah Remini is a smart, tough cookie who pulls no punches while she confirms everything we've heard or read about Scientology, Tom Cruise, David Miscavige, et. al. -- all the more chilling because she is telling it in the first person, with feelings exposed like a raw nerve. For people who ask, "how on earth can an intelligent person fall for a such a scam?" she explains exactly how it can and does happen, in meticulous detail.<br/><br/>Yes, she's loud, combative, swears like a sailor, has done things she's not proud of (as we all have), and she cops to all of it in her book in a casual, conversational style that makes it an easy, quick read.
Incredibly engaging book. I have the audiobook version of this (read by Leah Remini herself) and not only does her brooklyn accent keep this an entertaining read, it is incredibly enlightening! As someone who was raised in the church of scientology and a celebrity she has an interesting story to tell about the things her faith has given her and the many things it has taken away. She definitely has an attitude, but in this case it makes for someone who is constantly speaking her mind and questioning the people around her. Really well written and a must read for anyone who wants to learn more about Scientology and the effects of young indoctrination!
Wow, I never really knew anything about scientology so this was a definitely a schooling for me. I could not put this book down. I believe everything Leah wrote as she just lays everything out there and always has. Thank goodness she is free as it almost sounds like she was living in a confined prison of sorts.  I have watched her show and I know that she is a wonderfully funny, loving family person.  Now she can spend time where she needs to spend time and that is with her beautiful and funny, warm family and not in a building serving the needs and insane demands of those above her. LOVE you Leah Remini!!!! King of Queens was my favorite show!!!
Troublemaker is a first hand account of a person who's experenced a wide spectrum of Scientology. Leah does a great job of explaining her childhood, teenage, and adult years in the church. It gives the reader a different view at different levels of a persons life. On top of that, she gives the reader a view from the gutter (basically having nothing) to being very successful and how differently the church treats her. The pace of her story is structured well and she does a great job of incorporating humor into her writing. I'm glad she chose her own path to leave and stuck with it. I very rarely read celeb books but I'm glad I read this one.
Leah Remini wrote an insightful look into the world of Scientology. For those unfamiliar, she explains terminology used in the religion. For those who are familiar she gives a rare look into 2nd generation Scientologists as well as the unusual celebrity aspect. It's evident from page one Leah knew exactly how to framework based on Scientology's: Attack do not defend stance. When I purchased the book I didn't think I'd be finishing this within hours but The written words flow like wine, infused with Leah's sense of humor. I simply didn't want to put it down. Although not a fan prior to reading the book, Lean has won me over for life!
I saw that this book had been released by scrolling fb. I like Leah but I am not her best fan if that makes sense. I was interested in this read because I had some interest in scientology.  I read this book in just a day,in between work breaks. Her story is so genuine and I love how she explains everything,it was very detailed bit not boring. Everything was easy to understand Leah is very articulate.  I love that even through all the struggles her family stuck with her,I also love that she doesn't hold blame on her family or those who disconnected.  Great read and I now have a ton of respect for Leah! Get it girl! !!
easy read and so very interesting! Love Leah, have NOT watched the talk since she left xooxxo
I think Leah had a good story to tell. She is a strong woman to go what she went through and be able to come out on top. Although she was introduced into Scientology at a young age and ultimately decided it wasn't for her after being disillusioned by the church, she shouldn't have to endure further persecution from the church. If the church doesn't agree with what she or others who left have to say, they need to deal with it. That's the way all things in life are. It makes the church seem guilty since they go to such lengths to discredit former members. It may work for some and not for others. Good informative read.
Leah bravely tells the sad story of her time in Scientology with honesty and fresh pain, stopping short of labeling them the cult they are. Scientology spews insults and slanders those that leave and preys on their "parishioners" without consequences controlling with iron fists as they milk them for pennies they don't have. Troublemaker is a glimpse into the cult that is allowed among us, which hides behind the ridiculousness in which they trap their members through debts, embarrassment, alienation,  manipulation and don't forger aliens from Xenu. Congratulations on your escape Leah.No shame there.
I could not put this book down.  It was straight from the heart.  I love you as an actress.  My husband and I still watch King of Queens.  I THINK YOUR BABY PICTURE WAS SO ADORABLE.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.  I think you did the right thing about leaving when you did.  I'm sorry that your heart was broken.  I'll pray for honey.  I'm a Grandmother. You are having a wonderful life and you will continue to regardless of what Scientology would have you believe.  You are a joy to get to know.  Write another book.  Have a wonderful  life.  Enjoy it to the fullest.  Ruthwohl@live.com
I don't know what I expected from this book exactly but it was a great eye opener into a different world.
I've always been a Leah fan and have always thought Scientology nutty. Wow, was I right. This is no church and the abuse these poor people willingly endure is hard to fathom. It defies logic but it shows how cults work. So glad this strong woman finally stood up for what is right and has real friends standing beside her today. I feel sad for the others...what they have isn't a life of free thinking. I can't imagine how much free time she has now to enjoy her life now without all that phony introspective nonsense the group espoused. To Scientology: I hope others wake up and say Bye, Felicia!
You will cry and laugh at the author's tenacity. Well done Leah Remini very informative.
I loved the King of Queens sitcom but had to think back and reread to recognize Ms. Remini as being the star.  I did not see her in anything else on TV but I certainly admire her courage in writing this book.  She exposes a religion that I actually had never heard of.  After reading the book I checked the religion out on Wikipedia and am appalled that this religion can be respected and believed by people.  For it to also have a tax-free status is amazing.<br/>I will be reading further to see how this religion continues.  According to what we read about it, Leah could be in danger.
Just finished reading TroubleMaker by @leahremini! Absolutely loved it! Just when I'd thought I've heard it all, here comes a story from a completely different perspective, that of a celebrity in scientology as well as her tough childhood beginnings, that gave a completely different perspective, and no less shocking than many other stories from within the cult of scientology. Leah is an amazing lady with such heart and humor, that I was enthralled from the get go. Thank you for having the bravery and courage to write this book! If you haven't already read it, I highly recommend it!
Very fascinating to read of her 30 year involvement with Scientology. Had always wondered about it and was I surprised by the revelations. It was amazing to realize what a person goes through in the search for spiritual growth only to be shunned and labeled a Suppressive Person when she left the organization even after giving 3 million to the organization over the course of her time with them. Kind of a expensive lesson to learn the hard way.  Luckily for her  her family left at the same time or else they would not have been able to interact with her or be with her.
I'm still reading - so far so good.  Very intriguing and full of info and insight.
I was unable to put this book down until I had read the complete book. Leah, in her own no holds barred way, gives a very frank and candid recount of "her" life and experience with Scientology. This is her personal account of her life while living within this 'religion' and after leaving it. She should be commended for her bravery for standing up for what she felt was wrong and having the courage to walk away from everything she had known since she was a very young girl. Kudos to you Leah, in many ways I felt as if we we're kindred spirits.
Leah is funny, witty and honest as is her book!  I am now an even bigger fan!!!
Leah's book is a written from her heart with humor and love for her family and real friends. I enjoyed it and what she has to say exposing the cult has been put out there before by others brave enough to escape. This is not a bashing book, she tells her life story and the cult was a huge part of her life for thirty years, but she also shares her experiences with the great things and the ugly pitfalls of notoriously treacherous show business. I applaud your book Leah and pray it is a best seller. Thanks for sharing your heart!
It is too bad we can't do stars without written reviews.... I don't have a lot to say about the book itself... It is very well written..intriguing....an up all night read!  I wanted to give the 5 stars even though I don't have much to say to show support and appreciation for her hard work and bravery in writing this book!  Wishing her well in her recovery from this life long ordeal!  Her family is proof that blood is thicker than water!!  What an incredible statement that they made sticking together as they have!  Blessings!
I really did not know what to expect but was really impressed at the way Leah delivered her side of the story.  She didn't do a lot of bashing...just told it like it was.  You couldn't help but feel sorry for Leah as a child growing up in the Scientology cult world, but the compassion you felt for the adult Leah was ten times greater.  To feel betrayed by the very people you thought were your friends is earth shaking.  She is like a Phoenix....rising again!  Loved the book. I couldn't put it down and I do't like to read...
This book was gifted to me. I devoured it in 2 nights.. Fascinating, disturbing, but I believe it's an HONEST account of the darkness & evil that this CULT embodies. I'm happy for Leah & her entire family, having  successfully escaped (can you imagine having to ESCAPE a Religion? Its not, Its a CULT). Remini is a loud mouthed, opinionated Brooklyn girl, who had trouble playing the game in Hollywood & in Scientology, simply because she was being her true self. I like her after reading her story and so will you,
Extremely informative and honest. I have tremendous respect for Ms Remini. Having lived in LA for 22 years and hearing many stories about Scientology from individuals who dared to question their practices....this explains a lot about how seemingly intelligent and well meaning individuals are manipulated and coerced into financial and emotional ruin. The curtain is finally being lifted high enough to see the truth. Ms Remini describes raw pain yet she managed to keep her sense of humor throughout process.
This book just cemented what I figured all along, that Scientology is nothing but a money grubbing cult and that unfortunately Tom Cruise really is a nut job. I loved Leah Remini before, mainly because she reminds me of my self,  a don't hold nothing back, say it like ya mean it chick. But now I respect her tenfold for being a very brave and strong woman to get out of that cluster"f" of a organization!!! This is a must read book and truly deserves being #1 on the NY bestsellers list! Love you Leah!
A very well-written book which chronicles the often hilarious but more often poignant descriptions of  her 30+ years involvement with all things scientology. One of my overriding thoughts after reading the day-to-day details that it seems a whole 'nother level of wrong that this billion dollar BUSINESS receives IRS tax-exempt status since its classified as a religion. I see no worshiping occurring except the higher levels' cult of greed. Leah Remini has courage that we all hope to have.
I was rivited.  This book took me less than a week to read and I'm no reader.  You will never catch me reading a book but I devoured this one.  I can kind of relate to her.  I was never a Scientologist but I was brought up in a strict religion.  It doesn't compare to Scientology at all tho.  I admire Leah's  strength and courage and wish her many many more sitcoms, movies, and guest appearances, she deserves and had earned it all.  Applauses  and standing ovations from me.  You go girl!
I've always liked Leah as an actress but now I truly admire her as a person. This is her personal story and told in a way that avoided blaming others. It was obvious to me after reading her story that she understood a lot of the positive ideas of Scientology more than the leaders. It seemed to me that as in all large organizations that the RULES only applied to the underlings. The people at the top did as they pleased. I'm so happy for her that all the family got out from that cult.
A must read!  The combo of a well written novel and raw honesty make this book a winner.  I have always been curious about Scientology, having known a couple of ex-members who were obviously terrified of this "church" and refused to speak about it.  The truth is fascinating, and I am donating this book to my public library in hopes it opens people's eyes and minds to the realities of this cult.  Leah is a brave woman, and I thoroughly enjoyed the story of her journey.
Could not put the book down. What an insight to that wacko cult. It's shocking. I can't believe that Tom Cruise has sacrificed two marriages along with a proper relationship with Suri for this absolute nonsense. Thank goodness Katie got her out of harms way. It's so sad that Nicole Kidmann could not get her children away from it. Good for Leah in escaping and bringing this more to light. I seriously think authorities need to get in there and get children out of this cult.
almost done but Love the book. She writes like she talks which I love.
Gives a great look at what's behind the curtains from her life, Hollywood, and Scientology. Many out there would trash Leah - most without even bothering to read her book, something that generally signals their involvement in Scientology. Her book may not be the "shocking and church-toppling" 256 pages of pure scandal some out there wanted, but it is worth reading. I can't say the same for church of Scientology-publications or the scifi written by LRH.
from the Mormon church (by my request)  All the wonderful, dear, loving friends I thought I had turned their backs on me.  I was so hurt that those people were such phonies and liars, just pretending to be my good friends as long as I was Mormon.  I can't imagine how hurtful it had to be to Leah a after growing up with the friends and relatives who turned their backs on her.  These aren't real religions, they are cults that want to control you and your money.
This book is a real eye opener. I don't think anyone could truly understand what she went through. Acting normal as possible throughout her professional life while enduring the demands of her handlers could have brought anyone to their breaking point. She stayed strong and held it together and ultimately made the right decision. She tells it like only Leah could do. This is a truly honest account of life in a cult. My hats off to her. Please read this book!
This book tells the personal journey of Leah Remini's coming to terms with disappointment in a religion she had accepted at face value, own personal triumph that came with her eventual realization of the deep-rooted source of the problem.  For those who know little about Scientology, it is also an easy to read look at the controversial religion.  Five stars for quality of writing, information, and interest, but best suited for mid-teens and older.
And by that I mean by Scientologists although they are not allowed to read subversive materials. Kudos to you Leah for having the courage to leave the "church" and to your family for supporting and loving you. I have read several other books by people who have left this cult and their stories are so similar, I wish more people would have the courage to do the same. God bless you Leah and may you have continued success in your life and your career.
It was an interesting story.  However, I still cannot believe that even half way intelligent people could fall for such a scam or cult-unbelievable.  I suppose she was a product or her invironment but really how can people let themselves be treated so badly.  I am so glad she got out.  Being a strong Christian it is just hard to believe such things can happen to smart people-guess not so smart.
An amazing open-door look into Scientology. I couldn't put it down once I began reading. Some chapters got a little bogged down with describing the levels of training. I got lost in some of the course descriptions and requirements needed. But otherwise a fascinating look at Leah Remini's life. It gave me a totally new understanding of the cult and a great admiration for Leah and her family.
I have always enjoyed watching Leah Remini in sitcoms over the years, but was not a huge fan after her criticism of Brooke Shields a few years back.  However after reading this book, I have learned so much and applaud her for having the courage to leave Scientology.  So glad she decided not to subject her own daughter to all of that.  A very eye-opening book and I am so glad I read it.
WOW! I have always liked Leah on various TV shows, but I have been fascinated with Scientology since I saw Tom Cruise couch jumping on Oprah. This book does not disappoint. .Leah tells it like it is.I just kept thinking Why don't people realize how crazy this is? This is an inside look into how difficult it is to leave once you and your family are involved in a cult...excellent book.
Over all it was a good book, a very simple read. But what do you expect she is not an author. Although at times she was a bit cry babyish about how she didnt get as much attention as A list stars. I did however enjoy she made several points through out the book to aknowledge how much she loved Kevin James and Jenifer Lopez and several others. Overall a good easy read. Kudos to her!
Very bold and revealing. Hard to put down, honestly. I've watched her career since she was on "Who's The Boss?" & "Living Dolls" and it was sad to me when I learned she was a Scientologist now I'm heartbroken to learn what she was going through during those early years. I'm so happy she was able to escape the hold that they had on her and see her thriving today!
Troublemaker was a great read and I had trouble putting it down at night. Leah has plenty to say about her life with and without Scientology and she doesn't disappoint.  I love that she is not afraid to speak her mind about Scientology and Tom Cruise. I have always thought Tom Cruise's behavior was bizarre (remember jumping on Oprah's couch?)and Troublemaker confirms it.
I really enjoyed reading this book. It really shows how people get sucked into these cults and how they are brainwashed by them. Thank goodness after thirty years her eyes were finally opened and she got herself and family out and her daughter can have a normal life. This was a great read, I finished the book in a day. i loved the tone and Leah's humor in the book.
Raised a Jehovah's Witness I totally get it whenever a religion or organization uses isolation to isolate you from family or friends and manpulate fragilites to forword the the flawed ideas at the cost of its Members  That  SHOULD ALWAYS BE QUESTIONED thanx LEAH for your Bravery and Courage and PURE Honesty  ......VERY REFRESHING IN THE EDITED WORLD OF CELEBRITY
I was up most of the night reading, and am now up to chapter 14. In a nutshell, I can say "Troublemaker" is incredible. What strikes me most is that Leah seemed to instinctively know things were not 'kosher' with the cult as the years went by- especially with Cruise. I'm so glad she wrote this book and will finish it by the end of today if not sooner.
I've always loved Leah Remini on the King of Queens, and decided to give this book a whirl after getting a recommendation from a friend.  I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed the book.  It's a must read after seeing the HBO documentary on Scientology.  Kudos to Remini for her honesty and taking on one of the biggest stars in Hollywood.  Well done!
I've always been curious about Scientology because it's like a secret society. Those types of things interest me even though I am a Christian and believe that's the only way to a good life and to Heaven. The book was super interesting. There are tons of practices (mostly all of them) in Scientology that are absurd to me. Overall, it was an interesting read!
When I heard this book was coming out I couldn't wait to get a copy of it.  Once I received it I couldn't put in down and finished it in a day.  I have always enjoyed watching Leah on King of Queens, Dancing with the Stars and The Talk.  After reading this book and seeing what she has gone through I now have more respect for her.  I wish Leah all the best!
What an amazing story, I could not put it down.  There were many times my heart was broken for you and I wanted to take you away from such tyranny.  I am so glad you wrote this for light to be shown on them, hopefully others can see clearly and break free as well.  I wish you much love, true friendships and happiness in your life, you deserve it.
I'm not sure how I feel about this book. I'm always sorry about those who get caught up in a cult. How can it ever be "OK" to  worship a cult leader and believe that will be your salvation. It's sad that intelligent people can buy into that. I guess there are those who feel the same about those who truly believe in Jesus Christ.  I chose Jesus.
Seemed quite honest and open.  Author has spunky, yet vulnerable style & personality, which is entertaining.  It does help explain how people get into and out of Scientology, but it does get bogged down into too much of the Scientology terms, practices, etc.  It was fun to hear about author's very interesting life, family, famous and friends.
I could not put this book down!  Leah - how courageous of you to write this! Thank you for your honesty and shedding light on so many things inside the "church" of Scientology. So very fascinating....and a bit scary, to be honest. I highly recommend this book and will likely read it a second time as I devoured it so quickly the first.
I did something weird. I started reading the book, imaging Remimi' s voice. Then into the first chapter, I purchased the audio book, so I could REALLY hear it in her voice as I was reading it. I just skipped going to the office and spent most of the day with it.  I was thoroughly engrossed, entertained, and bummed out it went by so fast.
I cannot begin to express the courage this woman has to speak out against such atrocities. All I can say is, "GOOD FOR YOU!"<br/><br/>You're out. You're free. Enjoy all the good things in life, and when you look around you and see who is left after the trauma of Scientology, you will see what true love looks like.
Very descriptive and interesting stories. I felt as if Leah was my friend and she was catching me up on the last 30 years of her life. I was astounded at the information. Good for her that she feels good about her choices. It did not seem that bashed Scientology, just decided it would no longer work for her and her family.
