Rachel is a woman who considers herself worthless. She feels that women are only valued for two things: their looks and their role as a mother.  She is barren and rather plain looking.  Unbeknownst to her landlady she has lost her job but continues to ride the commuter train twice a day.  Unfortunately she must pass the home of her ex-husband Tom and his new wife Anna.  They've recently had a child which is something Rachel was unable to produce when she was married to him.  He's moved his new family into the home that he and Rachel once shared. Tom posted a picture of himself and his newborn on Facebook with the caption that he's never been happier.<br/><br/>Rachel, in her despondency, has taken to drinking to a point where she has blackouts and forgets that she drunk calls her husband many times a night, even shows up at his home.  Because of a signal malfunction she often finds her rail car stopped on the tracks next to her former home.  She starts to notice another couple who live a few doors down.  She refers to them as the golden couple and manufactures a narrative about their lives as she observes them each day.  They gradually become important to her.<br/><br/>When Megan (of the Golden Couple) disappears Rachel finds herself an integral character in the police investigation.  She was seen stalking the neighborhood the night of the disappearance.  She has wounds on her body that can't be explained.  Megan and Anna look enough alike that the police feel there may be mistaken identity involved.<br/><br/>The book is told in three voices: Rachel, Megan and Anna.  The fact that Rachel has a history of drunken blackouts and has a hard time separating fact from fiction makes her overtly suspect, even to herself.  Megan has plenty of secrets of her own and Anna - is she the perfect second wife she appears to be?<br/><br/>I understand that the option of this book has been picked up by DreamWorks.  I can't think of a better Hitchcock style mystery of voyeuristic observation since Rear Window.
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is a dark, haunting and depressing psychological thriller, but it's incredibly effective thanks to the writing skills of author Paula Hawkins.  Rachel is a divorced woman who would do anything for a drink, and like a lot of folks consumed by a love affair with the bottle, one might call her a victim of circumstances.  Her husband Tom had an affair that resulted in a pregnancy.  He divorced Rachel, married the "other woman" and now all three (husband, wife and child) are happily ensconced in the house that was once Rachel's.<br/><br/>The train that Rachel rides to London each day takes her past her old neighborhood.  From the window of the train she observes not only her old garden that backs up to the tracks, but also the daily activities of another couple who reside down the street from her previous home.  In her imagination she has given the couple names and has created a fairy tale love life for them. Real life, however, cannot live up to her fantasy and the couple does not have the picture perfect relationship that Rachel has concocted.  When a murder occurs, Rachel becomes entangled in the investigation because of what she has witnessed on her daily commute.<br/><br/>This rather bleak story with intersecting timelines is told from the viewpoint of three different women Rachel, Anne and Megan.  All the women are unreliable narrators with something to hide.  In fact, most of the characters in this novel, including the men, lack veracity, and are a self-serving and unsympathetic group with plenty of skeletons in their closets.<br/><br/>Lest I continue and divulge too much of the plot, let me just say that the twists and turns in the story are many and readers will be easily drawn in, making it easy to devour this book in one afternoon.
This was a premise to which I couldn't say no. From the window of her train, troubled, alcoholic commuter Rachel Watson watches the world --including a couple who are frequently out on their terrace at the very point her train stops every day. She names them Jason and Jess and decides their lives are the perfect happy-ever-after that hers has never been. But then Jess, whose name is really Megan, goes missing; and Rachel's memory of the night Megan disappeared is a yawning black hole. Did she see something? Can she help these strangers who continually draw her into their lives? I expected a taut psychological exploration driven by the mystery, but Hitchcock this isn't. None of the characterizations ring true, and the plot is created by withholding information the characters would naturally be thinking about (other than Rachel, who can't think about the plot due to alcohol-induced blackouts).<br/><br/>I didn't find a single one of these characters to be genuine in their humanity. They're not merely unlikable; their un-likability is forced and exaggerated. Rachel's convenient blackouts happen so frequently as to become tedious. Even sober, she constantly makes atrocious decisions, all the while acknowledging to herself variations on "I'm stupid" and "I shouldn't be doing this." She has no common sense, no boundaries, no willpower, no emotional fortitude whatsoever. The other first-person narrators are no more believable: Anna, who is married to Rachel's ex-husband Tom and seems to be a mash-up of sociopath and nurturer (what?); and Megan, about whom I really can't say anything without spoiling the mystery.<br/><br/>The problem is, Megan's point of view conceals key things about herself as well, to the degree that the reader doesn't even know about the concealing until the climax (at which point there's no "aha," only frustration). In addition, the voices of these women are interchangeable and the climax includes the villain opining about his/her heartlessness using dialogue cliches to disparage the others while everyone sits around on sofas and drinks tea.<br/><br/>The characters of THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN remind me of those I've met in novels by Gillian Flynn and Chevy Stevens. Fans of those authors will likely eat this book up, too. But neither Flynn nor Stevens are my thing, so it's no surprise Hawkins isn't either. Next time other readers make such a comparison, I'll trust them and avoid.
After reading buzzy previews for a couple of months now, I was eagerly awaiting what I thought would be some thought-provoking escapism. Instead, I found myself speed reading the last parts of the book just to get it over with. This book desperately wants to be Gone Girl, and it ends up being nothing much at all. The artificiality of the characters' voices, speaking in some bizarro broken fourth-wall world, amounts to a strange kind of retroactive over-exposition. It gets thin and annoying by the end. I'm nervous about choosing my next book to read because I don't want to be so disappointed again.
This book was so poorly written....<br/>5 characters.<br/>3 abused witless women and two violent men.<br/>Who was most painfully abused?<br/>The reader.
I absolutely hated this book.  It was a nightmare of self-analysis, insecurity, drunken blackouts, and soap opera drama.<br/>Ugh!  Save your money.
Edgy, heart-wrenching, at times oddly funny.  I don't usually refer to the NY Times best seller list but this book kept catching my eye.  It wasn't written by one of those authors whose books automatically go to the best seller list because of their prior work.  So, I thought, why not read it.  Spring hasn't really sprung and I needed a good book to get me through these rest of the cold weather.<br/>Wow, was I in for a treat.  Megan, Rachel and Anne have stories to tell.  They are not heroines in the traditional sense of the word.  They are each flawed.  But they are so very human and we can relate to them.  Keep up with the dates.  They become important as you read through this novel  Excellent work, Ms. Hawkins.
With all its comparisons to "Gone Girl", I found this novel too full of paranoia, too hard to find empathy or even sympathy for the protagonist. Rachael is too compromised by her own weakness, stumbling towards the story's end quite accidentally, forever caught in self-pity and lack of character. I  found myself constantly angry as events unfolded. Also I found the male characters to be two-dimensional, too "typed". Furthermore, the story relied too heavily on preoccupation with sexual matters, even sexist in nature. Read through but unsatisfying.
I hate books and movies where all the suspense is created by the narrator being an idiot, making avoidable mistakes. This tale is told by a drunk who creates all of her own problems and whose myriad mistakes made while hammered are only reason book isn't 50 pages long. I figured out who did it pretty early on, which is not to say im that smart, but that this book is that unsmart. It is similar to gone girl in that it's an unreliable narrator situation (which seems to be the only way that anyone can write an interesting suspense novel these days).  Not hitchcockian in the least----pretty TV movie. This is a thinly veiled attempt to capitalize on Gillian Flynn's writing style,  but not well-written or sufficiently entertaining for me to read the remaining third. Save your money and your time---I wish I had.
This book is so unlike Hitchcock, I can't believe a reviewer alluded to this great man.  Don't get sucked in by the reviews calling this book, a Gone Girl-esque book!  This is what sucked me in , and boy was I disappointed.  A full cast of sad, loser-y people you'd never want to know, much less read about.  There wasn't one female character that was redeeming, unless Rachel's "roommate"  counts.  Cathy wasn't even really part of the story.  She only gave Rachel a place to call home, and provide some uncomfortable moments.  As a friend, she was barely that. As for the male characters, they were even more reprehensible.  The plot, such as it is, concerns Rachel, recently divorced.  She is still obsessed by her ex, his new wife and child, and her old home and neighborhood.  She is also becoming or is an alcoholic.  Her ex-husband totally screwed her by sleeping with another woman and then dumping her.  She is now nearly homeless, and also jobless.  She spends her days riding the train past her old home and neighborhood, pretending to her roommate, Cathy, to be going to work and back.  This is where she sees something helpful to A recent murder of a young woman.  Sounds interesting, right?  Wrong.  You just keep reading about Rachel's sad, depressing life .  Apparently, she blacks out a lot drinking while revisiting her ex, his new wife and her old neighborhood.  This happens again and again and again.  Her obsession with her ex and his life is so pathetic and annoying that you just want to shake the woman.  I mean why would anyone put themselves through this agony day after day?  Does she have no real friends or family to turn to who care for her?  She knows everything she is doing is wrong, and wants to stop but somehow is totally unable to.  Fast forward to drunken nights with a stranger, drunken sleeping with barely know men, riding the train yet again and then finally piecing together a murder she vaguely remembers.  Hardly Hitchcockian or even Gone Girl-esque, or even suspenseful.  Worse, is that every person she knows in this book is terrible.  Mean, petty, uncaring rude,self-involved are the adjectives for all the characters in this book.  Rachel herself basically is the punching bag for all those involved in or out of the murder storyline.  I won't tell you the "surprise" ending of who the murderer is, but despite the neatly wrapped up ending, it is very unsatisfying.
I thought Gone Girl was highly over-rated, but it's a work of  literary genius compared to Girl on Train! Such flat-footed writing, dull vocabulary, lack of wit and style. Characters underdeveloped and pretty much interchangeable - just mouthpieces for the plot really. The continual cataloging of what Rachel put down her gullet was tedious in the extreme. Guessed whodunnit 2/3rd through the book. Total waste of time.
The New York Times review called this book "Hitchcockian".  That's the kind of praise that must be used sparingly, not squandered on something as thinly-plotted and tedious as "The Girl on the Train."  Here's the story, what there is of one, but SPOILER ALERT: a black-out drunk who witnessed a murder remembers vague and useless details at an excruciatingly slow pace, until the end, when it all conveniently comes back in a rush and she solves the murder and the killer makes the obligatory long-winded confession right before he gets what's coming to him.  Skip this.  Read Patricia Highsmith's "Strangers on a Train."  It actually is Hitchcockian.  In fact, it's better than the movie.
This book started out with some mysterious promise. But never delivered. The characters are unlikable and sad. And the plot (if you call it that) was so drawn out. I had figured out "who dun it" about a third in. I skimmed the end. I won't be buying another book by this author.
Don't waste your time.  Unless you enjoy the neurotic characters and their sad lives of their own making.  This book was a big disappointment .
I have  to admit, this novel started out intriguing. I loved the train premise and really enjoyed the authentic English slang and language. But this could have been 200 pages shorter. Dragged on and on far too long. If I heard Rachel say how sorry she was one more time I'd have gone mad. I'm sorry I paid $9 for this book.
I am fascinated with the criticism that the characters here are "not likable".  The pervasiveness of this critique annoyed me so much I had to respond to it.<br/><br/> Since when is "likability" a requirement for a good read?  Macbeth, Madame Bovary, and Anna Karenina are some of my favorite characters in literature, but I don't really think I want to leave my children alone with them.  As a matter of fact I'm sure I don't want to, particularly Madame Bovary.  She did a terrible job with her own daughter.<br/><br/>Why are they wonderful characters?  They have recognizable human qualities that we all have and relate to, as does Rachel.  That doesn't mean we want to have tea with them, or let them watch our pets, or vomit on our stairs.  I'm a little perplexed that there is such a lack of sympathy out there for deeply flawed people.  There is a difference between sympathetic and contemptible.  In my world, depressed alcoholics are frightening and dangerous, but not contemptible.  They represent what many of us are or could become if our support systems broke down and our coping mechanisms collapse.<br/><br/>I actually did like Rachel, but no, she is not someone you would want to emulate for much of the book.  Her humanity came through for me and I found her very sympathetic and felt the author created much empathy for her.<br/><br/>This is a great read, and I loved every minute of it.  I also loved Gone Girl and think the comparisons are apt.  I can't wait to see this made into a movie.  If you love a thrilling book that is well crafted and you don't need every character to be a role model, you will love this.
Unlikeable characters, uneven writing, and confusing structure- what a terrible book.  Rachel is a repulsive victim of her own making, Megan is a bitter, lost soul with a sordid past and Anna is an unrepentant adulterer with a superiority complex- all tied together through their "love' of a manipulative sociopath, Tom. The idiotic women are so similar the alternating narrative is almost unnoticeable if you aren't tracking chapter titles and the time splicing is ridiculous and uneven.  Throw in a few random characters (red headed guy on the train, the roommate, 2 vaguely written detectives), and a  couple of deadends ( Scott, the psychiatrist, and what the hell with the pile of clothes?) and its just a big mess.  I forced myself to finish the thing for book club but could not have cared less whodunit or who ended up dead in the end.
This book was such a disappointment.  80% of the book was a page turner written by a gifted writer. However the conclusion is so juvenile one would think you were reading a 15 year old's high school assignment. The literary quality of the book completely fell apart at the end.
Sorry, but this definitely is not up to the standard of "Gone Girl" or Hitchcock!  The main character is not at all likeable nor sympathetic.  Her self-destructive behavior becomes repetitious and boring.  The ending is predictable and unoriginal, like a B movie.  Don't waste your time.
the 'hero' of this book is so weak, dumb, careless, self obsessed, it's hard to care what happens to her.<br/>As a minor character she would be exasperating, as the (or a) protagonist she is unbearable. I paid good money for this<br/>thing, so I'm trying  like hell to finish it. But I'm not sure I'll be able to.<br/>Comparisons with 'Gone Girl' are, to my mind, absurd.
This psychological suspense novel employs a unique narrative structure.  Chapters alternate between Rachel's narration of events immediately preceding and following a murder, and Megan's narration of earlier events.  A third narrator, Anna, provides another perspective on some of the post-murder happenings.<br/><br/>Rachel, driven to alcoholism by her inability to become pregnant and her failed marriage to Tom (now remarried to Anna), experiences a blackout on the night of the murder, preventing her from recalling something critical that she observed and calling the reliability of her other memories into question.<br/><br/>Setting-wise, this novel is also unique.  Much of the action takes place on or in the proximity of a commuter train that Rachel rides to and from work, and continues to ride even after being fired.  While the train motif enhances the unity of the story, it also tends to fuel the use of coincidence, as the same group of characters repeatedly run across one another in close proximity to the train.<br/><br/>The closed setting, alcohol-fueled despondency of Rachel, and dysfunctional relationships that pervade this novel make for a rather dark and creepy reading experience. And while the author takes great pains to dissect the psychological motivations of her characters, she does so in a way that strains the limits of what is believable and bogs down the action just when it starts to accelerate.<br/><br/>So this novel was kind of a mixed-bag for me.  I appreciated the creative structure of this psychological suspense novel, but felt that it dragged in places and that the characters' motivations ultimately lacked the believability one expects from this genre.
This novel set in a suburb of London is narrated by three women, all of them unlikable.  The main character, Rachel, is a thirty-something that can't get over her divorce and is sliding into drunken despair.  She stalks her ex-husband and his new wife, gets entangled in a murder involving  three couples, two lame detectives, and a minor character who has the answers.  The narrators' chapters are not in chronological order which muddles things up and adds nothing to the story except confusion.
I read the negative reviews and chose not to believe them. I made the wrong decision. For starters, you will dislike every single character in the book. There is no one to root for. Well, I take that back- you will root for Rachel for awhile but it is almost pointless. She is an unreliable narrator, which becomes tiresome after awhile. The plot twists are weak. The ending is absurd, rushed (after a painfully slow start), and disappointing. I have had this book on my wish list for months. I am sorry that I took the time and money to read it. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was the fact that I was compelled to finish it so that I could see what ended up being the real story behind the alcoholic blackouts.
I don't get why this book is a huge best seller right now.<br/><br/>It only kept my interest because I told myself all that was leading to something really momentous, so many people cannot be wrong. It was a page turner for me because of that -- I trusted it the same way you trust a dentist who charges a lot not to do something really silly to your teeth.<br/><br/>If everyone is buying this book I assumed the story was going to come to an interesting and unpredictable conclusion.<br/><br/>Not so. In fact the conclusion was so bad that I thought there would be another twist, THAT couldn't be it. There was no other twist.<br/><br/>By the time the mystery is revealed everything becomes perfunctory and very badly written. The perpetrator starts to act as if this were a bad comic book. The characters till then had been quite one dimensional but all of a sudden everything became thoroughly ridiculous.<br/><br/>I was pretty annoyed, really, that I had spent time reading it...that teaches me not to believe the hype!
Open this book, start reading and within the first few pages, you're likely to be hooked by one of the best psychological thrillers of the year. It's a stunner.<br/><br/>Who hasn't looked out the window of a car  or commuter train and occasionally glimpsed a slice of someone's life or wondered who lived in a particular house? Rachel, the "girl on the train"  is particularly driven by that impulse. She is a woman who has become desperately lonely and cut off from the world after losing Tom, a man she loved deeply and passionately. He is now living with another woman, Anna.<br/><br/>Left reeling, Rachel thinks of herself as "no longer desirable.... as if people can see the damage written all over me." She now lives mostly for the moments she spends - twice a day- riding the commuter train. Looking into the windows of strangers' homes , imagining them safe and sound, is oddly comforting for her. And she is particularly obsessed with a couple she names "Jesse and Jason", seeing them as a her romantic ideal. For her, "they're a match, they're a set" and a symbol of all that she lost.<br/><br/>One day, Rachel is shocked to see "Jesse" kissing a stranger and suddenly everything changes, especially when the woman goes missing. Rachel is determined to solve the mystery of what she saw. Her faulty memory is a major challenge but as this novel proceeds, clues start to emerge. But where do they lead? And can Rachel remember what she saw?<br/><br/>I loved the tension and detailed characterizations of each person in this novel. Events unfurl through the perspectives of three women, primarily Rachel - but also Anna (Tom's new love) and Megan (the real name of the woman Rachel nicknamed "Jesse). Chapters alternate between the first person point of view of each woman. This isn't at all confusing and everything flows together seamlessly.<br/><br/>If you're looking for a satisfying thriller, this one won't disappoint. Just be prepared to set aside a day  or two to read it because if you're like me, you'll be captivated from the start, caught up in the spell of this gripping mystery.
Based on the reviews of The Girl on the Train, I was anticipating a well written psychologically sound thriller. Right up my alley. But no, it was a dead end. I found the dialogue tedious. The plot lacked intricacy. The women - Rachel, Anna and Megan - were drunk, depressed and disappointed while the men lacked credibility. I read the whole book. I've never before written a book review but have read and depended on many, so I felt I owed to potential readers to share my negative opinion.
If you are a literate, well-read person who has enjoyed dozens of ingeniously crafted mysteries and thrillers with masterful character development:  This is NOT the book for you! The droves of enthusiastic editorial reviews are quite misleading, much to my surprise and consternation. If you are going to read any review before deciding whether to give this book a try, I urge you to read the one by A. Grace, an Amazon Vine reviewer, whose trenchant comments provide a very accurate summary of an unusually annoying book..<br/><br/>Just to confirm, this is a thoroughly contrived novel which relies on overly convenient omissions, transpositions of time, and other manipulative tactics to lead the reader down the garden path. (No sooner have you begun plowing through the book, it seems, than the author throws in a sudden hunk of backstory from the previous year -- generally a major taboo in fiction writing, which should be defied, if at all, for a higher purpose than to manipulate and confuse the reader.) The tale has no sympathetic protagonist to root for. The three semi-indistinguishable  narrators are uniformly dreary and, for the most part, self-obsessed women who have traded in self-determination and the pursuit of meaningful lives for an anachronistic dependency on men. (Typical of this trendy new genre, the men in the book are, of course, all referred to as "men," and the women as "girls.")<br/><br/>It seems telling that 1,207 readers have highlighted the following passage in the Kindle edition: "I can't do this, I can't just be a wife. I don't understand how anyone does it -- there is literally nothing to do but wait. Wait for a man to come home and love you. Either that or look around for something to distract you."  (And by the way, while I'm on the subject of oft-highlighted passages, a more provocative one -- admittedly highlighted by only 184 readers to date -- is this: "Life is not a paragragh, and death is no parenthesis." Perhaps Paula Hawkins expects everyone to pick up on the allusion despite the lack of attribution, but how many readers will realize that this is a nearly verbatim quote from a poem by .e.e. cummings?)<br/><br/>I don't know which is more demoralizing: This bleak and deceitfully constructed story, or the thought that it may encourage even more would-be authors to emulate its stylistic trickery and overall mediocrity.  More discriminating readers might do better to check out some of the classic puzzlers and chillers from giants such as P.D. James, Ruth Rendell -- even Agatha Christie -- or to revisit the authentic noir available on video.
Three of the most pathetic woman characters I have ever read about. I would not recommend this book to anyone!
Although Ms. Hawkins' writing style is engaging and original, I found the story to be overly gruesome and the turn of events unbelievable.  None of the characters were likable - there was no one to root for - and I grow ever more tired of stories about people whose only concerns are getting laid and ruining their health one way or another.  This will perhaps make a mildly diverting made-for-TV movie one day, but steer clear otherwise.
A very disappointing book with a sorry set of despicable characters. From the three women, the therapist, the ex husband and cuckholded spouse, they are a mean and dysfunctional group, and it becomes impossible to relate or empathize with any of them. I plodded through to the ridiculous end and then to redeem part of my purchase, resold the book on Amazon.
How this novel has garnered all the 5-star praise, and not merely from readers but from such elite sources as The New York Times and Boston Globe utterly baffles me. I am not the most critical reader, and often finish books whose writing I regard as ordinary as long as a compelling story is being told. I don't expect every novel I read to be Crime & Punishment, recognizing that good novels entertain, but great novels both entertain and illuminate. This ghastly book does neither.<br/><br/>The pace is plodding, the storyline confusing and repetitive, and the 3 female characters, all of whom are dysfunctional and self-absorbed whiners, and whose points of view propel (allegedly) the story are all not only immensely unlikeable but also relentlessly boring. It's okay to be an unpleasant character, literature is filled with them, but you also have to at least be interesting. None of the three meet even this basic standard. Moreover, they all share the same monotonous voice; were it not for "Rachel", "Megan", and "Anna" in the chapter headings, you would have scant idea which of the three was speaking. Same one-size-fits-all voice, same whiny woe-is-me mantra.<br/><br/>I have to confess that I finally closed the cover for good at p. 111. So I don't know whether Megan was murdered or kidnapped, or by whom. But I have a pretty good idea, as there really aren't any other credible options. Worse, I really don't even care what happened to her or who was responsible as this thing was such a tedious dud of a novel, totally lacking any tension or cleverness, two attriubtes that made Gone Girl such a riveting read. The novels could not be more dissimilar.
I can’t figure out what the fuss is.  The  “hook” is supposed to be the unreliable narrator.  However, the “plot twists” are artificial.  The main narrator  is an alcoholic, prone to black-outs and memory losses.  Hence,  when needed by the plot, she suddenly remembers things.  It’s ridiculous.  It’s also  ridiculous that the villain  seems to rely on the expectation that the main narrator will not remember things  later….seems a bit tenuous.  Also, the plot depends on a key character not recognizing someone she would instantly recognize  (actually, she does it twice:  she misidentifies one person, and misremembers someone else).  It’s  not credible.<br/><br/>Another problem is that the  author has created really unpleasant characters.  The three women are all on-dimensional whiners,, who are self-absorbed and  really irritating.  Fortunately, I borrowed the book, so I didn't waste me money;  I'm just sorry I wasted my time.
I have the biggest problem with what passes for psychological thrillers these days.  This and "Gone Girl".  I got nothin'.  As in "Gone Girl", not one of these characters is (a) likable, (b) believable, or (c) all that interesting.  So why keep reading?  Our protagonist, Rachel, is anything but.  She's so irritating that you want to reach through the pages and slap her around.  Truly, she has so few redeeming qualities that I was not rooting for her in any way, shape or form.  Kind of wishing she was the one that got offed.  Any time there was a stupid thing that could be done, she managed to find something even more stupid and then do THAT thing.  Then she'd get drunk, black out and feel even worse.  I should have put the book down when she vomited on her roommate's rug and then pitched into a drunken blackout and left it there. (Oh, was that a spoiler?  Sorry, my bad.)  And then, you know, there's that thing that happens where after the first four chapters or so, the story is laid out and then nothing much happens -- it's just filler -- until the last chapter when everything resolves.  So there are about 100 or so wasted pages.  Not great.  I'm sure they're doing casting calls for the movie as I write this.
Rachel Watson has become engrossed with a couple that she sees almost daily from her train window. She's so obsessed with these strangers that she has imagined in great detail what their lives must be like and looks forward to watching them from afar. She's even given them names. Her perfect image of the pair is shattered when one day she sees too much, and suddenly Rachel finds herself swept up into a criminal investigation.<br/><br/>"The Girl on the Train" is told from the viewpoints of three different characters: Rachel (the main character) is the jilted, divorced drunk who watches the world from trains; Megan is the haunted, reluctant housewife; Anna is the happy home-wrecker with the perfect family. All of the characters are repulsive in one way or another, although I found Megan and Rachel easiest to root for. Over the course of time you can see that the three women have a lot of things in common whether they want to admit it or not.<br/><br/>I found Rachel's character completely unbelievable, not because of the constant drinking but because her actions were irrational even when she was sober. I can't envision a real person behaving the way she did here, consistently going against their base instincts in this type of situation. Her story started out interesting and became boring from the repetition.<br/><br/>I also didn't appreciate the structure of the novel. Key details are withheld from the narration of these three women until the very end. Then again, the entire story (and its length) hinges on that tricky device. In the end it did nothing for me because when it came down to the Big Reveal I found that I'd guessed it correctly early on. A little disappointing. Still, that didn't stop me from wanting to finish the book and there were a few surprises here and there. It's an interesting read but just not as good, or "thrilling", as I'd hoped.
Almost aborted in 1st chapter.  After several, I skipped to last chapter.  That's all I needed. Rest was a laborious bore.
Two abusive men, three unstable women.. what's to like about it..  much hype some really unlikeable people..
It was terrible.  The two main female characters Rachel/Megan were consistently unlikeable.  No redeeming qualities.  Hard to stay with a story when you don't like the characters. The story line was confusing, "is she lying" or "isn't she".  That got old. When it could be followed, it was uninteresting.  I gave up a little past half way and skipped to the end due to a book club review.  All of my book club felt the same, and we rarely agree.  "Best seller" because large numbers of people were buying it under the premise that being on "the best seller" list means it is well written.  Not so.
The story itself did not match up to the write up about it. It was lackluster, I did not identify with the main protagonist who maintains an alcoholic stupor pretty much throughout the story. The ending was just awful. If I wanted to suspend reality throughout the entire book I would read fantasy or sci fi, not fiction.<br/>Don't waste your money!
My wife bought this for me to read based on the dust cover.  The premise seems good but the execution and characterization is extremely poor.  After 50 pages I really wanted to put it down but I've only given up on a book 2x in my life. So I slogged through it.<br/><br/>As others have mentioned it's told through the viewpoint of 3 women.<br/><br/>Rachel<br/>Anna<br/>Megan<br/><br/><SPOILERS BELOW><br/><br/>All 3 of which are at the best unlikeable, at the worse psychotic.  Rachel is an alcoholic and Anna is married to her ex-husband Tom.  Megan is having an affair with Tom.  Megan ends up dead.  Everybody is a suspect and you don't really care because of how unlikeable everyone is written.<br/><br/>Total waste of time you won't get back.
Inventive packaging and a promising premise cannot raise The Girl On The Train to meet its marketing expectations.  Paula Hawkins plays well with the perspectives of the observer and the observed.  But the story remains stubbornly thin, despite the constant crackle of an impending crash.<br/><br/>Rachel, an early 30s divorcée, invents imaginary lives from what she sees through the window during her train commute.  But her own life is decidedly and figuratively off the rails; with every outbound train, she improves upon her alcoholic drinking skills. A 3-part narration evolves, volleying between Rachel, Megan (the requisite "lady who vanishes"), and Anna (who supplanted Rachel by marrying her ex-husband Tom).  When Rachel becomes actively involved in her made-up world, a new reality will make devastating alterations to it.<br/><br/>There are no thrills here, as Rachel scurries about between houses and trains.  The plot is over-peopled,  the mystery is overly guess-able, and the allusions are over the top.  It seems like the only research went into scanning the IMDB classics.  Rachel's alcoholism is a convenient and opportunistic device, with blackouts being central to the plot.  But they are misused: blackouts are understood to be not a failure to remember, but a failure to make memories in the first place.
This book has no redeeming virtues at all. Each and every character is devoid of values, character, morals, virtue, or ethics. The only person who seems to have some goodness (the landlady) is a total enabler. The police are inept, arrest the wrong person. When the drunken "girl on the train" finally regains her memory and realizes what must have happened, she lies about her participation in order to avoid prosecution, and we're supposed to be rooting for her? I think not.
I didn't like the time sequences going back and forth.  It was very confusing at times.  I also did not like her characterization of every woman in this book as a "Stepford Wife"  without their man to take care of them they were nothing.  I felt no empathy for anyone on this book and had to force myself to finish.  Why is it a best seller?  PS I never write reviews but this book was SO BAD. One star was generous.
I have only read about 22% and am so bored I have gone on to another book.  Sorry I bought this book
Very accurately compared to Gone Girl  (which I put down half way through) with three incredibly unlikable protagonists.  Though well written and compelling enough to finish through to the end, I was rooting for the train to take them all out.  For those with a fondness for the way Gillian Flynn writes, this will be like catnip, she's just not my thing nor is this.
I really should have known better, all those five star recommendations claiming this piece of trash was this years "gone girl", but when you think about it they were right, "gone girl" was a piece of trash too.  As in gg, there was not one likable character in the whole book, even the minor characters had flaws that seem to be included by the author just to illustrate that all men are pigs and have affairs as a matter of course.  And to keep those affairs from becoming public knowledge, they murder their girlfriends.  Even the seemingly upright and level headed characters have affairs or are flawed in some way.  And don't tell me life is like that. Truly a sad and depressing novel.  Next time someone compares and book favorably to "gone girl," I'll believe it and won't waste my money on it.
The heroine is not an innocent, and I think that made her interesting. In fact, none of the characters are, and that's what kept me guessing throughout the book. Great ride.
I did not like the book at all...not enough to give it even one star.  Apparently one must give a book one star to be able to offer an opinion.  Something within me compels me to finish any book I begin, just to see when, or if, the story will ever get better.  This one never got better, at least not to me.  Imagine taking a handful of broken characters from an assortment of soap operas and jumbling them together.  This might be the result.  I must look at the publishing house.  I will use extra caution before buying from them again.  I did find this book on a suggested reading list, so someone liked it, but certainly not this reader.  I'm sorry I have nothing good to say...usually there is something good. Afraid I could find nothing good this time.  Sorry...money poorly spent.  My loss.
This was one of the worst books I've ever wasted my time on. There wasn't a single redeeming or interesting trait to any of the characters. Don't waste your time.
The first chapters of this book got me hooked, but it soon became tedious to be inside the mind of a self pitying alcoholic for so long.  Every character in the story was despicable, which does not bode well when one has to spend so much time inside their heads . When the mystery was finally revealed - after too much drinking, whining, and sniveling by nearly everyone, but especially the main protagonist - I was angry that I'd wasted both my time and my money.
On the plus side while I could put this book down I did feel a compelling need to go back and finish it.  There is an engaging mystery and a truly scary climax.  Three stars for that.<br/><br/>On the minus side--the three main characters are women who in a sense are clones of each other--totally focused on the man in their lives and on actual or wished for children.  No careers, no quirks.  Weak and drippy.  The overall mood of the book is depressing.  When these characters did something strong it was either recklessly stupid or out of character.<br/><br/>There is also the Agatha Christie cliché of the culprit at the end spilling the beans about what really happened while someone is (figuratively) tied to the railroad tracks.  That was old with Agatha Christie.<br/><br/>The originality and unique take on contemporary life that you'll find in Gone Girl is simply not here, plus the whole view of life and women's lives in particular is just a downer.  The writing is okay but the three narrators all are alike in how they express themselves.
Terrible. Our Bookclub all hated this. The story is written in first person but for 3 different characters. And the time period changes back and forth. So confusing. The characters are not fully developed except that they are sad or mentally ill people. We read this book based upon reviews that said it was a thriller but it is not. Also, reviews said it was good like 'Gone Girl'. It is not! I think the very early reviewers must have been paid to say this. Don't waste your time on this book!
Sorely disappointed and difficult to follow especially on a device - had a hard time figuring out who was who and who belonged to who - finally had to write down a flow chart so I didn't have to flip around in my Kindle. And Rachel - honestly, she was ridiculous ---are there people really and truly that stupid? I know there are people who are stuck and cannot make a good decisions for various reasons, but Rachel takes the cake. Not worth reading. Sorry I wasted time on this book.
My book club selected this book.  I wasn't even half way through and had to torture myself to finish it.  Very slow moving, somewhat predictable, with characters in bad places who are so unlikeable that you can't even feel sympathy for them.  Too many people making bad, selfish, stupid choices which will lead them to the inevitable.  The train rides take up a large portion of the story, which was mostly dull. I could not in good conscience recommend this book to anyone.
I mean, I read it. It entertained me for a few days. But it was like reading an episode of one of those CSI dramas on TV. It tried to be mysterious and twisted but it failed to deliver on all parts. The characters could be interchangeable, the pacing was slow, and there really was no "shocking" twist. If anything, mysterious readers might enjoy this for the sake of the "whodunit," but comparing this to Gone Girl is not...They're not even close.
Not one sympathetic character in the book.  Five main characters and not one of them has any redeeming values.  If this is the world Hawkins lives in, she has my utmost sympathy.  It is one of the worst books I have read in a long time and I read a LOT of books. If you want mystery/thrillers stick with Sandford, Child, Connelly, Silva, Flynn, Baldacci, Coben, DeMille, Thor, etc.  Do not spend your time or money on this book.  You'll regret it.
This book was pure torture, endless drivel while the dimensionless characters prattle on incessantly about their uninteresting lives.  The three female characters feel as though they are  different facets of one psychotic personality.  I found their struggles difficult to accept and relate to, especially after the third example of repeated behavior.  This book would have been better as a short story. Definitely not "the next Gone Girl."
I was so disappointed in this book.  Hours of listening to an audio book that was full of codependent, bad decision making, weak women.  I kept hoping something would get better and that there would actually be at least one character that I liked and it never happened.  I must stop falling for books just because they are on a best-seller list.  Bad choice on my part and a lesson learned to read customer reviews before I buy.
Don't waste your time! Many times I wanted to throw this book away. The characters are whiny, thin and obnoxious. I found myself not caring about what the outcome would be. I've rarely ever not finished a book - currently at 3. This one almost made it to #4 but I managed to hang in there by forcing myself to read 40 pages a sitting. If you really want to read it - borrow it from the library and purchase something else.
Was snookered into this novel as it was compared to Gone Girl, which I liked a lot...This one is filled with dysfunctional characters who you wouldn't care to spend any time with in real life...I figured out who "done it" early on and by the end I imagined an alternative ending which was not a happy ending for the whole lot of them...Can't believe it remains on the bestseller list!
I am half way through this book and can honestly say I hate it. I can't believe all of the good reviews--I don't understand what all the fuss is about. The character development is weak--and I don't like any of them. It's B-O-R-I-N-G. I would advise you to skip this book and save your money...but obviously some other people like this book. I just don't know why!!!
The writing style was enjoyable enough to draw me in, but it merely served to allow this book to tread water, as the annoying main character wallowed about. I want to be entertained, and am okay with, nay enjoy, unusual or flawed or criminal mains. But outside the context of 'literature', they must possess some degree of intelligence, humor, or evoke empathy, or be embedded in a plot with momentum. Alas, none of these were to be found.
I probably would have enjoyed this more were it not for the countless "NEXT GONE GIRL" and "HITCHCOCKIAN" promises thrown around in countless reviews. I kept waiting for a twist that never came, and I was disappointed. An ok book, but nothing special ...and certainly no Gone Girl.
This book is definitely a page-turner, but that doesn't mean that it's really good.  It's action-packed (if you call drinking a lot a lot of action), but the three women seem very similar to one another, as do the two men to each other.  Women, weak; men, abusive.  I read it in two days and did enjoy it while reading it, but not for any poetic value or because of well-developed characters.  As others stated, it's not difficult to figure out who the murderer is.  This isn't my usually genre, but after reading Gone Girl (which I didn't love), I thought I'd give it a try.  If you're looking for well-written thrillers, try the Lacy Flint books by Sharon Bolton.  One last thing: You might feel as though you are intoxicated while reading this; Rachel loves her booze.
I gave it one star because the author wrote it but I did not like any of the book. I do not like to read about alcoholics, did not find any saving grace in the life of a woman who let the end of her marriage push her to the limits.  Where was her self respect?  There is a sinister allegorical theme woven throughout the story. Unless you want to read misery, skip this one.  Okie Reading Specialist
I can't believe people actually like this!  This is boring, predictable, and just plain stupid.  There are basically a handful of events that just repeat itself until the writer decides it's enough.  The characters are boring and not likable.  The plot is repetitive.  They are all one dimensional.  I had 5th grade students who write like this.  There is no suspense.
I rarely write reviews, but I also rarely have to stop listening to a book. What mystery there was in the first 5 hours of the audio book was overwhelmed by the main character, Rachel's, ongoing pity party. I have no desire to get to the bottom of the plot if it requires me to continue listening to Rachel wallow in her self-made misery.
Terrible, can't understand why it is on the bestseller list .
Forgettable.  Didn't wow me at all.  Waste of time.
Perhaps I have really high expectations for what a psychological thriller should be, but the book started off incredibly slowly and ended with me thinking "that was it?".<br/><br/>The comparison to Gone Girl is what convinced me to buy this book. However, unlike Gone Girl, I was very disappointed in the "twist" in this story. It was poorly constructed and almost obvious. Gone Girl did a very good job at getting you to root for the husband before making you believe that he was the guilty party, then revealed the twist. The author here, however, failed to convince me that any of the "innocent suspects" were responsible before revealing the true villain. Reflecting on the story after I finished the book, I felt like I just watched one of those mediocre true crime documentary shows like "48 Hours" or something.
POORLY WRITTEN ,MISERABLE  CHARACTERS,TOO LONG  FOR PLOT,PLOT TRRIBLE,,A CHICK BOOK ALL THE WAY,CAN'T BELIEVE IT IS TOPS ON NYT BEST  SELLERS
This book could use some serious editing, too long, to repetitive in many passages.  I became easily bored.  The characters are not likable.  You just want to yell at them to..."Get  a life"!!!  I do not recommend this book.
I bought this because of an interview with the author on one of the morning shows. She said her intent was to write a Hitchcock type of book. I was thoroughly disappointed. It was alcoholic meets bored housewife that meets adulteress. It was depressing as these women individually reminisced about there unhappy lives. The three narrators gave good performances and I endured to the end, hoping it would give me some since of entertainment. If you want to be depressed then this book  is for you. Not my cup of tea!
I loved the premise : a voyeur from a train window in the style of Hitchcock's "Rear Window".<br/>However, Miss Hawkins is no Hitchcock, despite what the New York Times Book Review had to say. The principle character, Rachel, is a pathetic mess who I wanted to throttle for much of the book, and most of the others are just plain unlikeable. You will most likely be able to solve the "whodunit" half way through, which leaves little motivation to care about the rest of the story.
After such great reviews I had hope this would be a good book. I like books about imperfect people; Gillian Flynn books or Bingham's Fiona Griffiths are my cup of tea. But, this is a book about stupid pathetic people, I don't have the patience for that. I did finish the book though and I am not disappointed that I read the book. I am glad I did, so I can tell you not to rely on the good reviews too much. Get it from the library to be on the safe side.
I'm shocked by so many stellar reviews. All of the characters are completely hopeless losers. I'm especially disappointed in how females are portrayed as one dimensional and profoundly shallow! "If I can't have a baby, I'll be a useless alcoholic and hate and blame all other women."<br/>I kept thinking the main character would suddenly redeem herself, stop lying, grow up, take responsibility... ANYTHING! But it never happened.
While I enjoy a good murder mystery, I also like to have some compassion for at least one character. The writing was good, hence the two stars but I didn't care about any of the characters especially the main one. The only thing I cared about at the end was the money I spent buying this book. Not one character was remotely likable. I wouldn't purchase another book by this author.
On page 7 of the Kindle edition the author (pick one), steals, hijacks, cites without acknowledging t h e true author of the following: "for life's not a paragraph and death I think is no parenthesis"  The poem is titled, since feeling is first...the poet is e.e. Cummings.  Shame on the author of this book, the publisher and the New York Times best selling folks for allowing this to happen.
Tedious, meandering, circuitous, and lacking depth of character, and just not believable (not even if you do a complete job of suspending your disbelief, as all readers of fiction should), this book is another example of mid-list fluff tarted up by the Marketing Dept. and attendant media toadies and blathering blurbists as something special. It isn't.
I love to read dark, psychological thrillers, but I did not enjoy this book at all. None of these things would have happened to the character if she'd stop being a drunk. The only thing sloppier than the protagonist was the writing. I feel the character blacked out whenever the author couldn't think of what to write. Instead of weaving hints and subtleties throughout the book about the antagonist to keep you guessing and wondering, the author just decided her protagonatist got tanked (again) and she wouldn't write about the antagonist until the end then BAM you hear all about it. Lazy lazy lazy writing and a terrible way to bring in the antagonist. I never give one stars for books but I'd give this a zero if I could. Don't waste your time.
I found The Girl on the Train to be a long boring somewhat redundant story of an alcoholic named Rachel who takes a commuter train into London every morning and back every evening.  She does so because she doesn't want her roommate, or anyone else, to know that she was fired months ago because of drunkenness on the job. Her alcohol drinking binges cause black-outs and try as she may, she can never remember what she did during those frequent binges.  She is very vulnerable and usually believes anything anyone tells her about her behavior during the binges.<br/><br/>Rachel people watches as the train moves along and sometimes stops on its journey.  She sees the same people through the train's window every day, and becomes obsessed with a couple that she sees on their patio every morning.  Not knowing their real names, Rachel gives them the monikers of Jess and Jason.  They live on the street where Rachel used to live.  On her daily commute, Rachel envisions the life that she thinks the couple are living, and when the woman, Jess, real name Megan, turns up missing, the story picks up from plodding along to a slightly faster wobble.<br/><br/>Rachel is obsessed with her former husband, Tom, whom she calls frequently in the middle of the night, and shows up on his street at all hours, where she lived with him, and where he now lives with his new wife and baby.  Tom appears to be a caring individual that still wants the best for Rachel, and she believes everything he tells her until......<br/><br/>The plot was a good idea, but I did not find this book entertaining, enlightening, or even humorous but I did find it monotonous and tedious. The storyline is slow moving with a few twists and turns and a fair amount of repetitiveness.  Rachel's drinking problem was restated repetitiously as she agonized, yet again, that she would quit drinking tomorrow or that she “should not be doing this,” or she “should not be here.”<br/><br/>The tale is related from the point of view of Rachel, Megan and Anna.  All three have guilt ridden stories and hidden secrets which eventually bind together to make for a reasonable ending. While Rachel's ex-husband, Tom, is a key character, he doesn't tell his story; however, he does browbeat Rachel and contributes to her already low self-esteem every opportunity he gets.<br/><br/>I did not find this book to be a “can't miss, Hitchcock style, mind-boggling or page-turning story.”  I did not like this book or any of its characters who all seem to have lots of serious personality flaws.  I attempted to read this book four times, and each time I put it aside to read another.  On the fourth attempt, I kept reading, not because the story interested me, but because I really wanted to find out why this book received so many rave reviews.  I love to read a good psychological thriller, but I did not find this book that kind of read.  This was an unsatisfying reading experience for me, but with just under 30,000 rave reviews and only about 26% critical ones, obviously I am in the minority here.  To each his own style of reading.
I forced myself to read the whole book.  Rachel was a weak baby, and I wanted to shake her and say, "grow up".  Talk about blind to anything around her.  Megan was a weak nympho.  It was a book that left you dissatisfied.
Meandering, dull, repetitious series of monologues about the uninteresting lives of dysfunctional people. Nothing remarkable or even remotely interesting. Characters all bland and boring. This thing is a complete waste of time.
I almost stopped reading it by chapter 3 - but it was suggested I finish it "it will get better"  It didn't...was a waste of time and very disappointing.  A one star is too much for this.  I'd rather read a cereal box.
This was so badly written I gave up at 50%. Writing from three different women's perspectives yet they all sound just the same? Unbelievable sightings from the train, shallow character development. Why is this so popular??
I was so disappointed in this book.  The characters were sad to read about and the plot line was horrible.  I would not call this a "thriller."  It was more a sad commentary about self destructive behavior.
I so wanted to like this book! The beginning was slow but I had nothing else to read so I continued. Then I starting hating the main character because she hated herself; her decision making was beyond poor and her drinking was beyond boring.  In fact all the characters were exaggerated caricatures of "flawed" people.  But it was the ending that killed this book. Without providing any spoilers, I absolutely could not believe the ending of the book!  It read like a tired Law and Order: SUV episode (I actually said out loud: are you KIDDING me?).  Before killing off the witnesses, the killer sits there and confesses while everyone drinks tea. Then the protagonist plans his/her suspenseful escape (read the book to see if the escape was successful).  Completely predictable plot line with a boringly predictable ending. Totally unrealistic.  The premise was interesting and might have been better developed by a different author.  This is my honest opinion on how I felt about the book, and what I would have wanted to know before I read it.
Knock off of, "Gone Girl," except not as good. The description of the book sounded so good! And it got such great reviews. The book was written okay, however I couldn't invest myself in the characters and was often confused as I often felt like I missed something because information was left out. The main character isn't likeable which made the book even worse. Waste of time.
I was not brainwashed into believing Gone Girl was the greatest thing since sliced bread.  No one in that novel had any redeeming qualities.  And don't get me started on the illogical unbelievable ending.....so if you were not charmed by that novel and have avoided this novel because it has been called "the next Gone Girl", then avoid this novel no more.  It is much better and the ending is logical, surprising, and SATISFYING!<br/><br/>There are multiple viewpoints in this novel, so if you have issues with that, it may be an issue here, but I wasn't bothered by it because it was needed in this novel and helped propel the plot forward.  It is a very quick read and hard to put down.  I really hope they adapt this into a movie.  I'd pay to see this one on the big screen.
Is it me, or is every book coming out lately with a female lead of questionable motives being hailed as “The Next Gone Girl”?  Is that annoying to anyone else?  Gone Girl is in a class of its own.  It was a brilliant social satire disguised as a mystery, and was excellent for a whole lot of reasons, not just because of the rare appearance of (spoiler alert!) a female sociopath.  So can we all just agree that the only Gone Girl is Gone Girl, and get on with our lives?  I’m really sick and tired of having my emotions toyed with by publishers who want to make money off of something that’s not even remotely like what they are marketing.<br/><br/>The Girl On The Train is yet another “next Gone Girl”, except for, you know, it totally isn’t.<br/><br/>Once upon a time, Rachel was married to Tom, and it was a lovely marriage, until Rachel’s infertility, depression, and alcoholism drove him into the arms of Anna.  He divorced Rachel, and now he and Anna and their baby daughter live in the house that used to be Rachel’s.  Rachel is still drinking heavily, obsessing over Tom, and riding the train, daily, past their house.  It’s another lovely couple that catches her attention, though.  In her mind, she calls them Jason and Jess, and they are frequently outside where she can see them clearly when the train makes a stop.<br/><br/>They look like everything she no longer has.<br/><br/>One night, Rachel drinks WAY more than usual, and has decided to confront her ex-husband Tom.  Or maybe she’s going to tell “Jason” (real name: Scott) that she has seen “Jess” (actually, Megan) kissing someone else.  There’s a whole booze-logic thing working there, and the next day, Rachel can’t remember exactly what her intentions were in going to that neighborhood, or what happened there, but she’s got some new and interesting cuts and bruises, and Megan has disappeared.<br/><br/>From there, the story is mostly a typical mystery novel.  Other than multiple unreliable and extremely unlikeable narrators, there’s not much new ground.  Rachel, Megan, and Anna all have behaved selfishly, wretchedly, and have plenty of reasons to skew the narrative in their favor.  Rachel trying to insinuate herself into the investigation via Megan’s husband Scott, using his shock and grief to her advantage, is unconscionable.  Anna is the mistress-turned-wife who seems far happier at having broken up a marriage than in being married to the man herself.  And Megan… she is the only one I felt any sympathy at all for, but even that was tempered by my revulsion at her need to destroy things.<br/><br/>While plenty of other mystery novels have used memory loss as a plot point, I don’t know of many who captured the perfect wretchedness of alcoholism this well.  When Rachel wakes up after a blackout, the sick, panicky, guilty feelings she has are familiar to any of us who have gone way past our limits before.  Her drinking even when she has promised she won’t, even when it will clearly cause problems, even when it will cost her even more than she’s already lost, is both pathetic and maddeningly realistic.  But at the same time, it seems like she has a blackout whenever it will be convenient for the plot, and even when she’s sober, she makes such skull-slammingly stupid decisions, it’s hard to see her as anything but ridiculous.<br/><br/>The story is okay, and like I said, the whole alcoholic blackout aspect of it was handled competently, but The Girl On The Train lacks the kind of blistering commentary that made Gone Girl such a phenomenon.  Where Gone Girl spits at a whole bunch of misogynistic stereotypes, The Girl On The Train revels in them.  We have women being catty and cruel to each other over a man.  Women who are helpless little victims of their own shallow, selfish desires.  Women who believe fervently that the right man could fix their lives for them.  In fact, the only non-terrible female character is Rachel’s roommate, Cathy, and she’s mostly treated as a rather stupid obstacle.<br/><br/>What’s funny is, I might have enjoyed this book a lot more if the Amazon page weren’t demanding that I compare it to Gone Girl.  That’s a comparison that’s unfair to pretty much any book.  So publishers?  Cut it out already.<br/><br/>The Nerd’s Rating:  TWO HAPPY NEURONS
I selected this book because of the revues. Couldn't have been more wrong. I have been struggling to get through it for weeks.  It is such a slow, tedious story , that appears to be going nowhere. I don't know if I will finish it. Im trying , but its a struggle. Talk about long winded.
I really found this book to be a waste of my time. I like to read different kinds of books, so that is why I gave this book a try. However, the characters are distasteful, the main character continuously makes stupid choices and as the story moves deeper to its ending, I found myself bored and annoyed. The plot may have been interesting if the characters had a little more meat in personality. I really don't think this book deserves all of the praises it has aroused.<br/>The only positive aspect of this book is that it gives you an inside view on what it is like to be an alcoholic, which is the case for the main character, Rachel.
The story was compelling from the beginning, even though it took awhile to get into it and figure out how it was written. Each chapter is told from a different character's viewpoint, so we learn the 'truth' about things and then another's perception of the same things. The main character has lost her job, but rides the train every day into town so her roommate won't know she is unemployed. Suffering from low self-esteem, she drinks more than she should and subsequently suffers from the occasional blackout. She passes by the same houses every day, and has made up stories about a particular couple, imagining their perfect life. When the female part of the couple goes missing, the main character inserts herself into the investigation, sure she has information that is valuable. As the mystery deepens, she then wonders if she was somehow involved, as she had a 'blackout' episode at the time of the disappearance. For me, the plot took a strange, unlikely turn, and the lead character was not a very sympathetic character. The format reminded me of "Gone Girl", which was a much better story.
It IS a page turner. You can read this book in one day, two at the most, and the plot drives the whole book. The unreliable narrators (there are two besides the main character) are as unlikable as they are unreliable, and there isn't a nice male in the book. Entirely plot driven; the characters are paper thin. You can figure out who-dunnit by the middle of the book. The ending is weak. I can't imagine what all the fuss is about, except that it is quick and there are lots of twists and turns, and you can't trust anyone to tell the truth.
I am going to make sure and not give ANY spoilers in this review, as this is a total page turner that will keep you glued to the plot;; and that glue will hold you to the book tighter and tighter as the plot develops.<br/><br/>Many years ago I took a creative writing adult continuing education class; and in the very first class, the teacher laid forth a primary rule of excellent fiction writing: show the reader, don't tell the reader.  In "The Girl On The Train", writer Paula Hawkins proves herself a master of this rule showing, not telling, the reader all the necessary facts drip by factual drip until the cup is full and you have reached the climax of an incredibly tightly plotted psychological thriller.<br/><br/>The book involves three women, and four men.  Only the women narrate the book, and their narration shows many of the necessary facts by telling the reader bit by bit their thoughts about themselves, the other characters, what they see and their reaction to it, interspersed with expert tight dialogue that doesn't have a wasted word and is followed by their thoughts about that dialogue.  We meet the men through their actions, their statements, and the womens' reaction to what they say and do.<br/><br/>This is noir writing throughout. The book takes place in today's London, shown to the reader as an enormous drab city that is spreading out in all directions, where even the small homes by train tracks in the outer suburbs are expensive.  The primary narrator rides the commuter train daily, and from the very first morning commute at the beginning of the day the reader learns about her, then the other characters as they interact with her. Cloudy memory becomes clearer and clearer as time goes on; the horror builds page by page without the need for scenes of gore or graphic sex; and within a few pages, I realized I was hooked and resented putting the book down to attend to my life.<br/><br/>If you want to read an A-List thriller that builds and build and builds, until it explodes; where the suspense starts very early and only gets more intense the further you get into the book; this is a book for you.  I read a lot, but I doubt if I will ever forget the plot of this book for the rest of my life.
I was so disappointed in this book; I had heard rave reviews about it was excited to start reading.  By the fourth chapter I had already mentally checked out and felt the characters were extremely transparent and Rachel's character was exhausting.  It read like a hurriedly written young-adult novel.  Not sure who is giving this book five stars but I wouldn't even give it one unless Amazon told me I had to pick at least a star to write a review.
I thought the book was not very well written. The was too many repetitive of the main character's alcoholic problems. After awhile<br/>I totally got that she has a severe problem with her drinking. There was no light at the end of the tunnel. The ending was too predictable when I was hoping there would be a twist. I also got tired of the profanities used which did nothing to enhanced what was felt. It bored me. I would not recommend this book.
How in the world this book made it to the Best Seller's List is a mystery to me.  The main character is nothing but a pain to read about and the others aren't much better.  It took me almost 3 weeks to get 2/3 of the way through this ponderous book before I realized that I didn't care what happened, and I closed the book and threw it away.  What a waste of money and time!  Awful!
Depressing read. Somewhat tedious. If my book club hadn't decided to read this one I probably would not have finished it. BTW, only one in the group of retired librarians enjoyed it at all. Subject matter can be of a dark nature, but don't necessarily have to leave you feeling that way when you finish. Life is too short and there are too many enjoyable books I want to read.
I wanted to love this book. I had heard such good things and was relishing the thought of spending 4 hours on the flight home reading. Alas, I could just not get into it. My biggest issue was the main character - Rachel - a dysfunctional alcoholic who spends hers days trekking to London to give her land lady the appearance that she is still working. Oh, did I mention she drinks? She does. A lot. It was torturous reading. I understand the purpose of this very fatal flaw was to provide a clearly unreliable narrator, but give me a break... I felt nothing but disdain for this character. I got to the point where I was actually skipping her parts. The suppose having three narrators was 'novel' but trying to guess who and what and why got a bit annoying after a while. I know that the whole Gone Girl she wrote / he wrote style is the to-do style, but it needs to be handled with care. And don't get me started on the ending. Yawn. Yawn. Zzzz. I didn't even finish the last few pages I was so over it.
Deceptively simple, brilliantly clever, this well-written twisty thriller will replace the Gone Girl-shaped hole in your reading life. It's told from three different points of view: alcoholic Rachel who views the life she should be living from her daily commute. Megan, the beautiful but disturbed woman who lives a few doors away from Rachel's old home. And Anna who is now happily ensconced in that home with Rachel's ex-husband and a baby daughter.<br/><br/>All three female characters are well portrayed, as are the men they're involved with, and Rachel's alcoholism is utterly convincing. Paula Hawkins manages the reader's expectations with some subtlety and often to thrilling effect. If I had but one quibble it was with the denouement which was a little too dragged out and didn't live up to the promise of the book. But that's often the way, I find, with these classy thrillers and this one is first class. It will compel you forward like a bullet train - do grab a seat. 4.5*
A few people highly recommended this book so I gave it a try. Found the beginning to be very slow and almost stopped reading it. The story eventually got interesting but I never really cared for the main character. Maybe the story will be turned into an interesting movie but I cannot recommend reading the book.
I was surprised to see that this book was so popular.  And now, I don't know why.<br/><br/>It was written from the view of three characters, Rachel, Anna and Megan, as if they are writing in their diaries, which they are not. Rachel is the main character, an alcoholic who does nothing but get drunk, ride trains, and make a fool of herself. Anna is the woman who "stole" Rachel's husband (now ex) and is living in the house that Rachel loved. Her ex, Tom paid her for her half, but would not move to a new house because he said he wouldn't get what the old house was worth. So Tom and Anna continue to stay there, with their baby, Evie.  Anna was Tom's mistress, but now is a smug and happy housewife....although later she admits to missing the excitement of being a mistress, and how she hoped that Rachel would walk in on them. She feels superior because Tom picked her over Rachel, and she enjoys that.  Megan lives on the same street with her husband Scott. Rachel rides by on the train morning and evening and sees them outside. She calls them Jess and Jason and imagines that they have the perfect life. Megan is a spoiled brat housewife who doesn't have to work or worry about paying bills, so she has affairs to fill up her idle time. She either owned or managed an art gallery but it closed, and she mopes and feels sorry for herself. Megan is not artistically creative, but she likes attention and power over men. For some reason when her brother died in an accident, she immediately ran away from home at age 15, and became a prostitute, then moves in with a guy named Mac. When he leaves her, she stays in the house "waiting to hear Mac's football on the wooden floors downstairs." His football?  Both of Megan's parents died a few years later. Why did they die so young?<br/><br/>Rachel rents a room from Cathy, a very accommodating former college friend (but not close). It's all she can afford, even though her ex-husband paid her for her half of the house. She still loves him, and blames Anna for everything. Rachel's and Tom's beginnings are not gone into, but we later find out that Rachel really knows all about Tom, she's just a sucker. She drank while they were married, then began to drink more because she did not get pregnant. Instead of getting herself together when they divorce, she just drinks more and more. She loses her marriage, then her job (what did she expect?) Rachel evidently does not worry about paying any bills either, although she mentions her cell phone quite a bit, and toward the end, has to borrow a "tenner" from her landlady/friend.  And that must have gotten her through a lot - train rides, cell phone bills and drinking.<br/><br/>Rachel calls Tom all the time when she's drunk, even goes over to the house and removes the baby and walks outside with her. For some reason, Anna doesn't call the police. Rachel thinks Tom is protecting her and still cares about her, but why should he? Just to keep her on the string? Apparently in England is unheard of to change your phone number, you simply must put up with obscene phone calls, crazy ex-wives, etc. It's not very realistic that Anna would not suggest this or that she wouldn't have called the police.<br/><br/>The writing is good, it's an easy read, but the plot and characters annoyed me. Cathy is the only decent person in the book. The weather is either stifling hot (how hot? couldn't be very, because the doors and windows are kept closed and no mention of AC) or pouring rain. I figured out very early on "who did it" (or was going to) so the ending was no surprise. It was very, very easy to figure out.  The "reveal" was one of those Nancy Drew moments where the criminal explains everything right before he is going to kill the ones who found out. Not anything I'd ever read again, but better than "The Wrong Mother."
Read this book--which is barely a mystery--only if you like endless pages of two alternating first-person characters (both women) describing their failing lives. One character is the main narrator, and she is an alcoholic who is not only self-deprecating, but unreliable. At the risk of offering a spoiler, it takes eighty pages for the "mystery" to occur; the revelation of the true culprit happens in the last ten pages, and is a confession worthy of made-for-TV movies. And there are only four suspects. You'll figure it out long before the end.<br/><br/>Perhaps if I hadn't read two other rambling, unfocused "mysteries" (Johnston's "Descent" and Landay's "Defending Jacob") previous to this one, I might feel better about it...but I doubt it. The whining of the main character in Hawkins book is annoying without being deeply introspective; it might be more tolerable if she had any real insights into her alcoholism and worthless self image besides her-man-done-her-wrong-and-found-somebody-else woes. It is very difficult to feel empathy for her. And this is the writer's choice. Presenting a character  as "real" lies in the long history of literary Realism, and, by the 1930's, bore important fruit in the development of the modern mystery. We mystery lovers are used to the imperfect detective who, deep-down, has some moral fiber,  and convincing crime-solving skills. The current trend of non-detective characters who drag their almost-ruined selves down the path of mysterious situations has, in my opinion, run its course. Why writers continue to follow in each others' footsteps in this trend may be attributable to the sales success of each previous one. But it needs to stop. I'm going back to Raymond Chandler.
*** SPOILER ALERT ***<br/><br/>I seldom read mysteries or thrillers, and when I do -- usually because the bound galley has shown up at the office, stuffed with a lot of enticing publicity material from the publisher -- I'm generally disappointed. Alas, this book is no exception. It amounted to an extended shaggy-dog story -- padded (as all shaggy-dog stories are, by definition) for hundreds of pages -- with the solution to the crime conveniently popping up at the end when the heroine -- an exasperating, tiresomely muzzy-headed alcoholic -- suddenly recalls a crucial bit of evidence that she's been tantalizingly (and irritatingly) unable to remember throughout the novel. It's as if she says, "Oh, yeah, so THAT'S what happened! It just suddenly popped into my head." All the complicated, slightly improbable, ultimately tedious machinations of the plot could have been dispensed with . . . if only the heroine had remembered sooner.<br/><br/>That contrived withholding of crucial information is, of course, a convention of the genre. And when the solution finally does come into focus, we're also treated to another annoying convention: the villain who suddenly and dramatically sheds his or her nice-guy character, sneers, snarls, generally acts evil and villainous, and in an explanatory monologue worthy of a Hollywood whodunnit, Tells All -- explicating the crime and its motivation in perfect detail and behaving, for the first time, like a fairly typical movie psychopath.<br/><br/>All in all, I'm glad I didn't devote even more time to this book and that I semi-skimmed through the final hundred or so pages. If I hadn't, I'd be even angrier at myself and at the author.
I wonder if I was the only person who hoped that Rachel would also at some point, be murdered. She was almost unbearably pathetic and unfortunately without any other strong, likable characters I just found myself whipping through the book so I didn't have to be reading it anymore.
I have NO IDEA why this is #1 on the best seller list. It is OK not great. Read this book if you are on vacation or taking a flight and want a book that won't make you think. It's an easy read. None of the characters make you want to care about them or solve the case.
It took me sometime to get in to it. But when I did I couldn't put the book down!! Enjoyed it very much. It was very entertaining!!
Gruelingly boring to get into but all of a sudden it all made sense why this book has been on the best seller list for so long.<br/><br/>The foibles of mankind both male and female.  What a study in human craziness, cocktails and relationships.........  Kept my attention to the very end which so often does not happen with decent books.<br/><br/>I have recommended Girl on a Train to others just because I want to get their take on the whole thing.
I have to say, I found this book depressing, boring in some spots, and hard to read. I grew up with an alcoholic mother, so this was tough reading. for me.<br/>The story keeps switching around the 3 ladies in the book and it got tough staying on point. I agree with a few reviewers that Anna and Megan should have been built up more, although this book was all about Rachel.<br/>Rachel in an alcoholic and has a 'black night' of drinking and the entire book works around, "What happen that night." It was a good mystery because I never guessed who the killer was until the end of the book. But getting to the end was tough. You have to pay attention to dates and who is talking to even figure out what is going on.<br/>Reading fiction is supposed to take you away and be relaxing. This is not that kind of book. I'm not sure I even know what happens to Rachel, I was so caught up in trying to figure who was telling the story in this book. For me, it just solved the mystery, but I didn't feel that the story of Rachel ended. Maybe it was just me.<br/>Even though most reviewers have reviewed this book above 3, I would not recommend it. It was not a pleasant experience for me. Please understand it could be because of the alcoholism, that isn't a pleasant memory, and it took me back there. I only bought this book because of the +20 thousand people who reviewed the book. I know more than that have read it, and for me, I wonder why?
I don't understand how this could be compared to Gone Girl.  ALL of the characters were unlikable, the story dragged on, and the ending was predictable. Don't waste your time. I gave it two stars only because I actually finished the book.
Interesting story. I only finished to find out what happens in the end. The main character was irritating and annoying. I'm sure that was the point.  I never really cared what happened to her and was happy to have finished the book.
I read a summary or blurb that compared this novel to Gone Girl. It said something like, "If you liked Gone Girl's character twist, this one will blow your mind." Ok, so I'm paraphrasing a bit, probably. But, let me be clear, the character twist does not blow your mind whatsoever.<br/><br/>The biggest problem I had with The Girl on the Train is it's a slow, plodding read. There are times you feel it will turn into a page turner, then it disappoints. And, it keeps disappointing. By the time your near the end, you just want it to be over. I read it 30 minutes at a time while exercising at the gym. Most telling is between gym visits, I had no desire to pick it up and read a couple chapters.<br/><br/>That said, there are bright spots. There is promise here with character development. I just felt it didn't quite deliver. For instance, I enjoyed the parts about seemingly good men who can be driven to the edge by jealousy when coupled with an unfaithful spouse. Also, the downward spiral into alcoholism is well done. I just wish the end would have been a bit more suspenseful. And, why did the foreshadowing with the clothes left by the track never go anywhere?<br/><br/>Anyhow, I wish the author the best. She shows promise, just needs a bit more work in the suspense category. Also, give the reader a better reason to launch into the next chapter.
I'm sorry but I actually wish that this author had never written this story. It was crazy, you can't keep up with every twist and turn. I honestly hope that this author never writes another story.
I purchased this book based on gushing reviews all over the Internet. I was sorely disappointed. The framework of the story is original but the characters, dialogue and nonsensical behavior left me frustrated. Speed reading though the last third of the book made it more apparent that the voice of the three female narratives were practically identical. The implausibility of five extremely dysfunctional people intersecting in the way the plot unfolds was not only disappointing but defied all reason.<br/>The character reversal of the protagonist at the end tore it for me. She's a doormat through the entire story and suddenly transforms into a physical and resourceful heroine who miraculously solves the mystery and kicks butt at the same time.<br/>When I finished it I couldn't reconcile my disappointment with the steady stream of glowing reviews. So here is the moral of the story behind the story...all it takes is for a few high profile reviews to generate buzz that in our media driven society turns into a storm of approval.<br/>Reading the many critical  (and accurate) reviews was validating but too late.  I wasted 6.99. I advise you not to do the same.
This new writing style is losing its appeal.  I feel this author read Gone Girl and to her credit tried formulating a narrative that took parts of Gilliam Flynn’s writing style and injected it into her own personal writing style.  I refuse to draw comparisons, but for critics such as the New York Times to make parallels to Gone Girl or make references to Hitchcock is insulting.  All of the characters were predictably dysfunctional.  Character development was definitely articulated, but that was one of the many problems of the book.  Moreover the perspective coming from each character chapter by chapter was sloppy and paralyzed the ebb and flow of the storyline.  Many people predicted the “who did it” midway through the book, and quite frankly I didn’t care to even explore the outcome as I was reading.  To the author’s credit it was a page turner, but a page turner in anticipation of just figuring out what character was behind it.  It was real convenient for Rachel to remember everything from her drunken episode at the very end of the book.  Cheap.  Sadly and unsurprisingly, this book is heading to the big screen.
Having seen this book prominently displayed in bookshops and urgently hyped by reviewers, I looked forward to reading it.  Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed by the experience.<br/><br/>The setup: a woman rides a train each day from the London suburbs.  She passes the street on which she and her ex-husband once lived.  A few doors away live a couple to which she affixes imaginary, idealized names.  Then, one day, she sees the woman being kissed by another man; the woman then disappears.  Feeling that she must help in some way, she insinuates herself into the life of the man who has lost his wife.  Simultaneously, she insinuates herself into the lives of her ex-husband, his new wife and their infant daughter.<br/><br/>This has been compared with Rear Window.  It has nothing to do with Rear Window, except for the fact that an observer thinks she has seen something and acts on it.  This observer, however, is an alcoholic who has blackouts.  Her account of events is unreliable.  She is not an upstanding citizen who is laid up and forced to look out his window because he has nothing else to do.  She has actually lost her job and continues to commute into London to maintain the pretense with her roommate/landlady.  In other words, she is, at best, disturbed, and what she observes is both affected by her drinking and, until the end, confused and inconclusive, while Jimmy Stewart’s Jeff has his suspicions about his neighbor Lars from the get-go.  Slowly but surely his suspicions are confirmed.<br/><br/>The one thing that the two stories have in common is claustrophobia, but the claustrophobia in Rear Window is generated by the physical setting which feels, probably intentionally, like a movie set.  The claustrophobia in The Girl on the Train comes from the obsessing of the three female characters.  Make that: endless obsessing.<br/><br/>The girl on the train is named Rachel; her husband’s new wife is named Anna; the woman who disappears is named Megan.  In addition to them there are three male characters: Tom (Rachel’s ex), Scott (Megan’s husband), and Kamal, Megan’s therapist (and later Rachel’s therapist; she insinuates herself everywhere).  The story is told in (more or less) current time by Rachel (principally) and Anna, with Megan telling of the time before her disappearance.<br/><br/>Basically, we have three dysfunctional individuals: Rachel, who drinks too much, pretends to have a job in London, fantasizes and falls down a lot; Anna, who cheated on Rachel, with Tom while Tom and Rachel were still married; and Megan, who has been cheating on Scott.  Rachel insinuates herself into the dysfunctionality of others and then all three obsess about their circumstances.<br/><br/>The novel actually reads like a mainstream novel concerning disturbed female narrators.  It is called a ‘thriller’ on the dustjacket but there is very little of the thriller ethos here.  In the first place, there are, ultimately, only a handful of potential villains and when that villain is finally revealed our (logical) suspicions are confirmed.  There are no great Jeffery Deaver twists; our response is, “Yes, it more or less had to be X, given X’s past patterns of behavior.”  The potential ‘thriller’ elements are also muted by the narrators’ obsessing.  The obsessions do not bring an array of clues; they do not advance the plot; they basically just show us ‘women on the verge of a nervous breakdown’ (without the writing, direction, wit and genius of Pedro Almodóvar).  They sound like the kind of speaking voices that would drive a psychiatric therapist to drink.  Equally problematic, none of these characters are attractive or likeable.<br/><br/>Parenthetically, this book has been compared with Gone Girl.  I did not see any noteworthy similarities between the two books except that both are bestselling commercial fiction.  Gone Girl is a far more lively narrative, with spice and sex and violence and a dramatic, if predictable, plot twist, though it will probably be forgotten completely five years from now.  The Girl on the Train is ponderous.  Though it is only a little over 300 pp. in length it feels as if it’s twice that.  At several points I was ready to close the book and say, ‘Enough, already, it’s time to read a real, unputdownable thriller.'<br/><br/>Ultimately this could simply be a matter of taste.  I like strong female protagonists who solve crimes, collar bad guys, kick posteriors and take names.  I do not enjoy listening to those who whine and obsess.  My response could be as simple as that.
Semi-spoiler......<br/><br/>I was so excited when I started this book because the reviews were amazing and because I commute to work on a train.  I relished the descriptions of signal trouble and noisy fellow passengers and had such high hopes.  But once the story got underway, everything fell apart.  For one thing, the timeline is carefully structured out of sequence (at first) but with no particular reason that I unearthed (and I even made a chart to see what I wasn't catching onto!).  Also, to a one, the characters are unpleasant and dull.  Furthermore, even the horrible events are written blandly and therefore seem uninteresting.  Each chapter is named according to who is speaking which is a good thing because their voices are completely identical -- so much so that I wondered if the whole thing was a figment of one person's imagination and I'm actually still not entirely sure about that.  No one is likeable or believable and plot turns are obvious and silly.  The idea that any serious reviewers used the word "Hitchockian" is just plain wrong.
The main "victims" are written so poorly, so unnecessarily exposition filled that I disliked or downright hated every single one of them. I actually sympathized more with the villain of the story and their action in the heat of a moment of fear and anger. I'm shocked so many people compare this to Gone Girl or any of Gillian Flynns books, (Paula Hawkins wishes!) this is late night Lifetime movie, filled with drunk, jealous, miserable woman who all can blame their failings on the men in their lives, because boys are bad.<br/><br/>The only reason I finished it was to find out the mystery (turns out I'd guessed it several chapters earlier) which actually felt poorly set up to me, kind of like "you didn't think it'd be this person did you, aren't I clever", Flynn knows how to weave a storyline way better, adding clues and pieces throughout her books. Whatever, if you need a book to read go ahead but I'd recommend looking for a better one because I absolutely think this book is over hyped, check it out at your library.
I so wanted to love this book based on other reviews, but sadly, I only liked it.  I found the pace to be ridiculously slow and more than once I stopped reading the novel and picked up something else.  It just couldn't hold my attention.  I found myself not rooting for the main character, but instead telling her to grow up and get over it already as life could be a lot worse.  I mean you feel for her, but not enough to root for her, or anyone for that matter until very, very far into the novel,.  The ending was good, but it took too long to get there in my opinion.  I feel the comparisons to Gone Girl are a little far fetched.  With Gone Girl I was hooked from page 1 and yes when we started into the wife's chapter my interest waned a little, but I found myself wanting to continue reading to see what happened and if the pace picked up.  With this story, I could walk away for weeks and never look back.  It was ok, but I wouldn't read it again and I wouldn't highly recommend it to anyone.
A slap to Hitchcock's face.
The reason people like to read fiction is to escape normal life.  This felt like some kind of reality TV / soap opera combo.  I really wanted to like this book, it sounded fascinating but I was disappointed. I'm a big fan of Agatha Christie, Mary Stewart, Alfred Hitchcock, and and even John Grisham but this was just not the same level of good mystery.  The language itself was well written (lovely British speech) but the story just dragged for me.  I didn't really care about any of the characters as they were all a big mess.  If you like reading about people who struggle with pregnancy, cheating spouses, being an alcoholic, being a cheater yourself, not getting over your ex even though he's married with a baby, well then this is your book.  Otherwise, if you want to read it for a riveting mystery you'll want to look somewhere else.
I wanted to like this book truthfully. And I am not saying I hated it...but I wouldnt buy it again or reread it. Now dont get me wrong there were parts where I screamed explicits and was craving all the answers I could get but then it just fell painfully short. There is supposed to be crazy twists or well thought out storylines but with this book I feel she didnt know where to take it and just rushed to who you would least expect (but already think) killed this woman because well thats an easy route.<br/>Then try to come up with this ridiculous plot at the end ( THAT SHOULD BE SO COMPLEX AND DISCUSSED THROUGHOUT THE BOOK) that wasnt even talked about or mentioned all the sudden the ending?? It just left me with some thumbd down.<br/><br/>In summary this book fell short and I wish it wouldnt have because I had high hopes for it.
I don't think this book is worth all the hype.  Actually really a ridiculous story and rather NOT believable characters.  Disappointing read.  Was  what we read for a Book Club discussion and we were all disappointed.
My first time ever reading anything by this author I found the book to be very entertaining.I was a little confused in the beginning with the characters,but I kept reading and just enjoyed the book all the way to the end. The ending was a shocker didn't see that one coming. This book is a definitely must read put on your list...
295 pages that chronicle the fascinating and intriguing mental derangement of 3 women. 15 pages which hurdle through the revelation that the root behind their respective monomania is (surprise!) an evil man. 5 pages depicting their synchronous moment of clarity. 5 more pages to detail their subsequent and thunderstorm-backdropped victory over said evil man. Finally, 3 pages reassuringly informing you know that, with the salty breeze of an unforgiving ocean in your face, everything will be ok in the end.<br/><br/>Give. me. a. break. If Lifetime is one of your favorite channels, you're in for a real humdinger. Otherwise, grab a spoon and gag yourself with it before reading this book. I was totally fooled. At least Gone Girl, which everyone seems to be comparing this to, had a steady reveal.
Worst book I've ever read in more than 50 years!  So bad in fact I could not finish it. The overlapping stories were just horrible.
Want to read a book where everything is wrong in everyone's life? Then this book is for you. Not how I enjoy spending my free time.
Terribly underwhelming. Perhaps it was all the hype I had read about the book, before I actually read the book... but all in all, it was a very blah book. The central figure is Rachel - a sorry, drunk, divorced, unhappy, unemployed woman, still in love with her ex. Normally that sets her up as an underdog and I'd thoroughly root for her. But the book is SO repetitive without adding anything new to her story other than "she drank and got wasted"... I ended up feeling disinterested in the proceedings. So, she takes the train and sees her ex's home every day, twice. I am sorry for her.<br/>But the plot is slow, the characters are tedious and the suspense was definitely not worth putting up with all those train journeys. Glad I didn't buy the book!
Flat, predictable, poorly written. I'd have dropped it midbook (which I almost never do) had it not been part of a book club.
I have to admit a prejudice: I don't like to read books where I cannot identify even one character that I like.  That is the case with this book.  All the characters are narcissistic stereotypes. That the characters are well drawn and the story well structured is all the more reason for my dislike.  I had a hard time distinguishing the difference between the two male protagonists and the three females except that the main character Rachel is less attractive and a drunk.  Of course she wasn't always that way, at one time she was...just like the other two.  The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is that the writing is done well.  I don't know if it is just my bias but I seldom find that books that are immensely popular hold up well when read.
The book is written in the same switchback method as 'Gone Girl' and for a while it's an engrossing thriller.  However, the train slows down in the last  30 pages or so, and the killer and ending is not the shocker one would expect from this highly praised story.  More character development would have helped but very little background is provided for each, and what there is exists mostly in conversations.  A good book, but not really deserving of all the hype.
Slow build up to a predictable and terrible ending. The ending was wrapped up so fast and easy that it left me angry. Plus, I don't think some characters would act the way they did in the ending. I don't understand why the author included some items detail throughout the book and never made them relevant.<br/>Overall, this book had me interested and I liked the format, but it only let me down completely. Who wraps up a story like this in a few paragraphs?
From the beginning I was distracted by the unappealingness of all the characters. If the book hadn't been a book club selection, I would have not finished it. The worst part is that the entire novel is drenched in the alcoholism of the primary character who is about the weakest protagonist I've ever met. The constant stream of alcohol covers the lack of substance and narrative skill. My recommendation: skip this book and find something better to read.
For those looking for examples of mental health diagnosis' this is a book for you.  Each character has extreme issues that mess with the other's to give the reader continual pity, and curiosity (how bad will it get) about where<br/> these unstable people will wobble off to next.  The men are bottom feeders and the women are addicted to alcohol, false opportunity, sex for power and drama.  This books hits all the buttons for today's best sellers.
Poorly written and confusing; is it now "required" to jump from narrator to narrator, from time period forward and back to tell any story? There is a story here but needs strong editing and a clearer voice. Not one character rings 'true'. Add in the complicated timeline and the shallow character development, Hitchcock would hang his head. Bought this book for my ereader after being #189 on the list for the library....should have saved my money.
The story was told in somewhat confusing narration. It was very hard to care for the main character and about three quarters into the plot, it was clear who was the killer. It was very hard to care for the people, they seem flat and one dimensional. The writing was OK, but lacked the ability to grab your attention fully as it was jumping from person to person with no seeming connection and the story felt like it was not developed with neither.
I heard this referred to as this summers 'gone girl' but this story doesn't have near the intrigue and depth of that novel. the characters aren't developed really at all except for maybe Megan and I found myself  not really caring what happened to any of them. Aside from details it was pretty easy to predict the ending about half way through. pretty disappointing little read but not terrible  for a mindless afternoon or two on the beach.
I had to read this book because I kept seeing it on the best seller list. I can't figure out why it was so popular. None of the characters had a single redeeming quality, nor did they show any growth at all.  Novels aren't really my thing anyway, as I typically read nonfiction or great literature. Well at least now I know what I was (n't) missing. Seems like it was meant for our reality show watching, texting while driving populace.
This book was very disappointing. First it was predictable. Second it's very upsetting that a female author would write about such weak, powerless, and self absorbed women that love strong abusive men. Nauseating, and the prose is almost juvenile. In addition I still can't quite understand the purpose of some of the story lines. Wish I could get those hours back. I guess I kept reading hoping there would be some interesting twist.
I was deeply disappointed by this "best-seller". I can only imagine it is on the best seller list because it has the requisite sex, violence and mystery.I understand that it is fiction, but the characters' actions were often completely beyond credibility. Making the main character an alcoholic was a pretty cheap way to try to have licence for the behaviors. The characters a blunt and uninteresting, same for the story.
I bought this book based on the glowing reviews.  I am trying to get into the book and each time I restart reading it, wonder what I am missing.  It is not a page turner but rather begs my patience.  I'm an avid reader, enjoy different genres, but Girl on the Train is a chore to read.  What did the more than 1,000 readers who gave this book a 5-star rating enjoy that I do not?<br/>I wish someone could enlighten me about this book's merits before I delete it.<br/><br/>Thank you for anyone who is reading this.<br/><br/>ML
I saw the book being advertised everywhere. I read the first few pages and decided to buy it. I literally skipped through the last of it. The characters were unbearable. You could barely cheer on rachel, just when you were starting to like her she would fall back in love with her mean, insulting ex husband.<br/><br/>What a waste. Weak women in a weak book. Bleah
I had high hopes for this book. I wanted to like it. The plot was right up my alley. What a let-down. None of the characters were likeable, except Evie, and I'm not sure if she even counts-- she was more of a prop. The writing was decent, which saves it from a one-star rating. If you want a book that focuses on three women, read Liane Moriarty's _Big Little Lies_.
We listened to this book during a few long car rides. This book is like spending a lot of hours with really awful people. It also drags in the middle, is repetitive and desperately needed an editor. My husband, who also had the displeasure of listening along with me, said, "If I wrote this book, I would be so embarrassed." We couldn't wait for it to end.
After reading all the raves about this book, I was 100% disappointed in it.  None of the three main female characters had any redeeming qualities at all.  I kept hoping all three of them would fall under a passing train and end their misery and mine.  The killer was obvious early in the story and by the end I did not care at all if the killer walked away free.
I did not like this book. I did not care what happened to any of the characters. It was gimmicky and not written very well. Stopped reading a little after midway through because I really wasn't interested to learn what happened to anyone. You have to create characters that touch a reader in some way in order for them to want to find out what happens to them.
Pathetic attempt to make very dysfunctional unlikeable characters into a story. The way the author jumps around with dates makes for a difficult story. I gave up about 1/3 of the way through. Not worth my time or yours. I have no idea how it garnered so many 5 star ratings. This book was for a book club or I would not have tried reading as much as i did.
Bought the book because of the hype from Amazon.  The book did not live up to expectations.  Each chapter was written from the perspective of the character named as in the chapter title.  It took me awhile to catch on to this and caused me significant confusion.  Maybe I was slow on the up take but I am used to a book being from one persons perspective.
I read all these great reviews and had such high hopes, but found myself completely bored. It was a struggle to get through the book because nothing really captured me. I didn't find this as dark or compelling as Gone Girl or even close to it. Nothing connected me to any of the characters and I rather hated Rachel and found her annoying and frustrating.
I thought there was going to be an interesting premise, and I was intrigued by the setting and how the plot was set up; however, the ensuing book showed a group of characters that lacked empathy, a moral compass, and any self-awareness. By the end of the book, I was really annoyed that I had invested the time. I would NOT recommend this book to anyone.
The train of the story was reallllly slow getting out of the station. I found the heroine tiresome and unsympathetic. Couldn't relate to her dismal and self-destructive behavior. I put the book down and didn't finish it. I'm amazed that it's still riding the top of the best seller lists. Must have been something interesting that eventually happened.
I find it hard to believe this book is on ANY best-seller list - and has so many people saying it's wonderful.  It is not.  It's pretty bad, in fact.  But the author, or her publisher, must have found a way to work the ratings system so that people like me will buy it because of the good reviews.  I feel gyped, and now am more suspicious of reviews!
3 Crazy women and crazier men!  This book is not worth the read. A mystery of sorts but mostly predictable.
Don't know how this book made the best seller's list. I guess people like garbage. Takes forever to get to the point. Boring book. Author seems to assume that we know these characters personally before reading the book. Timeline jumps all over the place.  If you like reading a thousand different descriptions of a train, go ahead and buy this book.
I know this is a best seller,,, but,,,, the flashbacks were difficult for me.  Never knew when it was happening?  I was totally confused on the characters till almost to the end of the book !!  Even had friends who "tried" to read it,,, say the same thing...  I have a hard time with "flashbacks" if they're not clearly defined...
This is the worst book I have ever attempted to read.  I kept thinking it would get better based on reviews.  Must have been some of those "fake" reviews.  Don,t  waste your time. If you are seriously depressed, in poor shape with a low self esteem, read this it will make you seem feel like your life is not so bad but actually great.
Having read Gone Girl, and been fascinated by the number of people who liked it, I had to read this one.  It goes right near the top of my list of worst books I ever finished.  Multiple first-person narratives?!?  Yikes.  90% of the narrative in the character's heads?  Double yikes.  It's hard to find a likeable character anywhere in here.
I'm probably one of the few people who didn't enjoy this book.  It was definitely a quick read, so for that I did like it (quick beach read).  BUT i thought it was so predictable and the characters weren't developed at all.  Wouldn't waste your time on the book unless you want a quick, mindless read…ha which is why I actually read it.
Uh this was terrible!  I couldn't wait for it be over. Why this is a NY Times Bestseller I have no idea. Don't waste your time or money. I was disappointed and couldn't wait for it to be over. I listened to the audio book. For more explicit reasons-read the other poor reviews-they explain it all.<br/>I'm going back to Non-Fiction.
Blasted through this book in two days despite not liking any of the characters, all of whom have no moral compass at all. The protagonist is terribly flawed and the remaining antagonists lacking in depth; however, the pace of the book was to my liking and though I thought I solved the mystery half way through the book, I really was not overly sure of myself. If you like a suspenseful book with dark, depressing, self-centered characters, read the book.
Had heard so much about this book - I couldn't wait to read.  Other than being a little bit different of a read in terms of charater perspective, and accurately portraying an alcoholics denial, I can't say it was a page turner.  Certainly portrayed women as needy, dependent and manipulative.  Not worth the time it takes to read.
Why has this book been in the number one NY times best seller list for so many weeks is beyond me. It is boring, repetitive stories of this alcoholic woman, very depressing.Some kind of murder story that does not make a lot of sense. At t his point I am skipping but will go to the end. This has been a really waste of my money.
Really disappointed after all the hype. The characters were all intellectually lacking and the alcoholism and pure foolishness of the main character detracted from the story. I really didn't want to waste my time finishing this novel, but erroneously assumed, given all the positive reviews, that it would get better. It DIDN'T!
Two stars, maybe 2-1/2. This book was on our book club's list of must-reads. I read it before and recommended to the others that we not choose it. I thought it plodded along, I really didn't like the characters and felt that it was a waste of my time. It just goes to show you that you can't always go by the best sellers lists.
"The Girl on the Train" started off interestingly enough, but soon I became bored with the story. The first third of the book was good. Unfortunately, I skipped through the middle third of the book and went to the last to find out who the killer was. I had already figured it out. No surprises and not very interesting.
It was, I suppose, a murder mystery.  Its main character was an alcoholic to the max.  It was a sad story which easily can deplete you of energy.  Set in the U.K., the characters were disappointing - over and over again.  I know it was on the "Best Seller List", but from my vantage, it is difficult to understand why.
I stopped reading this book,about two-thirds of the way through.  It is a very slow-developing, laborious read, so I passed it on to my 95-year old mom.  She read it through, but then couldn't tell me how it ended.  So it didn't make much of an impression on her short-term memory, which is typically quite normal.  ZZZZZZZZZ.
There was not one charachter with any humanity in this novel. It was chilling, violent and really quite depressing and disturbing. The mystery was convincing and the protagonist believable. It was a good portrayal of a woman's with drinking issues. Her voice was true, but sad and unhappy. It is a good example of this genre.
Good premise but fails miserably. Characters are unappealing and uninteresting and the narration is dull and one dimensional. Angst for angst's sake and after a couple chapters, interminably dull. Dull as dishwater. Dull as whitewash on an old fence. Duller than dull. Ugh. Wouldn't read this author again. Dull dull dull!
I found The Girl on the Train a redundant read expecting a climax that didn't arrive. The protagonists path and her interminable ruminating on her train rides, I felt deserved a more satisfying ending. For me it read, like a long short story. Traveling through life using a vehicle like a train seemed such a good idea...
it was an okay read for me. I figured out who did it before I was halfway through the book and that completely ruined it for me. I don't regret buying it but all the hype was just that... hype! If you are an avid mystery reader, it won't hold up. I say read it anyway and make up your own mind. I won't read it again.
Are totally unlikable characters the latest trend in literature? I usually avoid current bestsellers for this reason, and also because they tend to be overhyped. This book excelled in both categories. But I was sucked in by the comparison to Hitchcock. What a joke! The premise was great. The execution was flawed.
A caution I neglected to heed was all of the comments comparing this book to Gone Girl, another book I really did not like. Instead I looked at all of the reviews raving about the book and plunked my money down. Unless you enjoy muddled mysteries with unlikeable people and can totally suspend logic, steer clear!
Poorly written book that only has characters that are mentally unstable ..Not worth the money or time to read it , mixed up story that is dragged on and on ..As you can imagine with unstable characters the book makes little sense , I feel that the author had mental issues also , that came out loud and clear ...
Trite, semi-predictable, and shallow.  It's like the author watched a bunch of made for TV murder mysteries and collaged them together. Very shallow characters and plot. Finished it only because it's a personality trait. Sorry to be so harsh but compared to other recent reads it's not even in the same league.
This book tries to be thrilling in the vein of Gone Girl but, the main character is annoying her is consistent desperation and self-loathing. Any attempts to redeem her by illustrating her spiral downward, are presented too late and are weak.  I was hoping something more would come but the pay-off fell flat.
Sorry, I thought this book was awful.  I like thrillers, but the main character Rachel is not only on the train, she is a train wreck. I did not enjoy reading about her frequent drunken blackouts and myriad of other self-induced problems. I couldn't get beyond the half way point and do not plan to finish it.
the worst book I have ever read. Most depressing
The hype for this book led me to believe it would be better.  The "villain" became increasingly apparent as the book progressed, so there was no surprise to what I suppose was meant to be a big reveal.  The main character is a pathetic person and I could not relate to the character in any way.
I ordered the book for a friend and took it out of the library for my self.  My friend loves mysterys.  I had a hard time getting trough it.  I don't know why it is on best seller lists.  I returned the book for her and another I ordered from Amazon called Headstrong.  She had a PHD in biochemistry.
I read a news paper review that suggested this book was comparable in some ways to Gone Girl. Baloney;  it should not be mentioned in the same paragraph.  Bottom line - kept wanting to quit before the end, but, like a looky-loo, I decided to see this train wreck to the end.  Sorry I ever started it.
Only near the end does this book become an interesting murder mystery with a twist -until then it has unpleasant<br/>Non-sympathetic  characters with depressing personal problems- not endearing, not uplifting, and not interesting enough at the denouement for all the slogging-through one has to do.
Did not find this a compelling read. A reader needs to get hooked and that never happened. I need to find interest in or support for a character. Didn't happen. Nothing redeeming about Rachel nor did I care about her at any time in the story.  Sorry, Ms Hawkins, I'll be wary of your next novel.
This book grabbed my attention in the beginning, however that quickly went away. I was expecting more, but that never really happened and it became predictable. I never really enjoyed any of the characters as they were all pretty unlikable. There was a lot of potential here, but it fell short.
I did not care for this book at all. It was confusing, the characters jumped in and out of the story until you weren't sure who you were reading about.<br/>I just kept hoping this dragged out book was going to get better, but it never did. sorry, a harsh review, but I just didn't care for it.
Not one of the characters is remotely sympathetic - in fact they are all quite dislikeable - and the story is an echo of the far better written Gone Girl. It's hardly worth the time to read it and I trudged on only because the blurbs promised what was never delivered: suspense and surprise.
I found the novel unremarkable. The characters were all flawed with no particular redeeming qualities. The location was void of colorful description with the exception of the relentless train noises. The ending wasn't particularly clever. Certainly not an enjoyable "summer read".
How in the world did this get on NY number 1?
I know a lot of people are reading this one and loving it, but I did not care for it.  I just can't take three weak female characters that make one stupid mistake after another.  If you don't read much and liked Gone Girl (which I did not) you might enjoy The Girl on the Train.
No characters with redeeming qualities, or even partially believable. Everyone was dark, and very insane.  You only need a bit of that to go around and this book was rife with it. Held my attention enough to finish hence the 2 stars but wish I had just quit while I was ahead.
The concept was good but the author chose to dwell on Rachel's drunkenness a little bit too much. It became tedious quickly. The story was complicated with characters sleeping with each other's husbands or wives. An interesting book,yes. But it did not quite hit the mark.
I found it hard to read as it was a cast of dysfunctional people.  It lacked having one strong character to make it more believable and give it some glue.<br/>I only finished it as it is the book my book club is reading.  Otherwise I would have closed it early on.
Dreadful.  It was dragged out and extremely boring.  Clearly I am in the minority with all the rave reviews.  I wanted to stop so many times but kept reading since I paid for it.  I couldnt connect to the characters, maybe that was the problem but i dont think so.
I don't understand the fascination with this book.  It's boring as hell and very confusing.  There are too many characters and it's hard to keep them all straight.  Gone Girl was so much better.  This book doesn't even come close to being a psychological thriller.
A wannabe Gone Girl book, gone wrong.  It's a snoozer for the first 100 pages, picks up a little bit, and then finally about 300 pages in, it gets interesting.  I know some people raved about, and perhaps many others will like it, but just didn't do it for me.
I read several chapters and put it down. I don't like depressing character studies. Why are all the new novels on the best sellers list of this boring genre? There is enough in life to be sad about without "entertaining" oneself with hopeless stories.
Much better than Gone Girl, and the perfect antidote to boredom. The kind of book you want with you for a long flight, an interminable wait, or a rainy Sunday. The author's style definitely leaves something to be desired -- you can't really distinguish different characters' voices, which is a problem in a novel written in several first-person points of view -- but the pace is so fast and the subject so hypnotically interesting that you simply won't care.
Great book!  Slow start, seemed a bit stereotypical, but it quickly switched directions.  Found myself talking out loud to the book at times, could not believe some of the twists and turns.  Very complex characters, somewhat dark, very suspenseful.  I would highly recommend this book to people who like suspense and well developed characters.
This book is definitely not a happy book!  The characters are all depressed and depressing. In spite of that, it really draws you in. The ending is both surprising AND expected. I could not put it down once I was into it! Give it a try if you like suspense!
Nothing good! is all I can say. The writing is not good. The story is so confusing, I kept getting the characters confused. I did not like the poor grammar. Is this acceptable, now? I can understand bad grammar, if it is the way a character speaks, but not the writer. No, I would not recommend it and I am sorry I wasted my time reading it.
I got a Kindle sample of this book, but didn't buy it because I was bored with even that. After seeing all the favorable reviews, I decided to get it from the library and tried again. I am glad I read it, was entertained, but still don't agree with all the hype it has received.<br/><br/>The premise for the story is interesting. A lonely despondent girl (Rachel) on a train watching the actions of a couple as she views them from the window when the train passes by their backyard twice a day. She fantasizes about the couple, even naming them and creating the story of their life and relationship. The story takes some interesting twists and turns when Rachel sees something unexpected as the train passes by one day. That is the point at which this book becomes more interesting, and grabbed my interest.<br/><br/>The author did a good job of describing each character's point of view, frame of mind and history. I felt like I could understand each character in some way., and get a sense of what they were about. Oddly, Rachel was the least developed character in the book. Interesting that she was the least real to me, yet she is the protagonist in this book. The description of her seemed made me perceive her as a shell of a person. I am not sure if this was intentional, since she seemed to be a deeply troubled person. But I would expect a deeply troubled person to feel less flat and dull as I read about her. Rachel's actions were often very unbelievable and unrealistic.<br/><br/>I was entertained by this book, and stayed with it because I wanted to see what happened in the end. But I was not overly impressed.
The first two thirds of the book has been about a whining, drunken woman who was feeling sorry for herself lost her job for being drunk. The last third of the book was great to the very end.l found it very very boring at the beginning through the middle.
I really enjoyed this book.  The characters evolved throughout the story. I found myself despising Rachel, then feeling sorry for her and finally admiring and cheering for her.  The mystery unfolds slowly and kept me guessing until end.  A very good read
This is the only book I've ever read in which I wanted all the characters to die.  Not one of them had any redeeming qualities. How this ever got published is beyond me.  This is the worst book I've ever read and I've been reading books for over 60 yrs.
A best seller that works on a number of levels. flawed and troubled characters drive a well paced psychological murder- mystery while traversing themes that touch all those who have been in less than perfect relationships. Powerful and hard to put down.
Very entertaining, far more sensible and better written than Gone Girl. Without spoiling the story, it may frustrate you to deal with one character in particular, but do not give up.  It was a fun story and I enjoyed the read and could not put it down.
so, I could not put it down, but it was so creepy, I will have nightmares forever...what was the author thinking?  And the bites inside the mouth??<br/>there were lots of typos, too..but I just had a train ride to DC and back, and this book ruined it.
I read this for my book club .<br/>The dates in th beginning took some getting used to and I had to go back and forth for a while to make sure I got the timing. It was a bit disturbing but I found myself dying to finish so I could know what happened.
As a mystery, there wasn't much of a mystery.  It was obvious half way though the book who was the murder.  The story line as a whole and the view point and perspective of the narratives was generally depressing.  Not a book that I would recommend.
I don't understand all the glowing reviews of this book. I found it tortured, at best. Alternating voices of pathologically self-absorbed, self-pitying characters, a predictable and gratuitous violent end. Ultimately, for me, a huge disappointment.
It's a gimmicky book trying real hard to be a suspenseful page turner. The reliance on alcohol effecting memory is a cheap strategy for inept characters. The dates and time of day are unnecessary and a distraction.
It was not as good as I thought it would be.  The story just dragged on with this drunken woman trying to piece things together.  I finally found out who the killer was at the very end.  I would not recommend it.
I was hoping this story was going to be great.....instead it dragged on and on.  I could not empathize with any of the women...very little real plot...no real character development...just wasted the download fee.
I am sooooo tired of reading about miserable, needy, narcissisti women.  Only one minor character had any redeeming qualities.  Not particularly well written either.  Cannot figure out why this is a best seller.
If anyone in this book had approached alcoholism as an illness and not a character flaw, this would have been a very boring tale.  Still, it kept nagging at me: why doesn't anyone offer her help instead of pity?
I could not connect to this book, and therefore never choose to finish it. Not my kind of reading. I feel that I wasted my money and time by downloading and trying to read it. It had no value tome what so ever.
It seems to me that reviewers either loved Paula Hawkins’s novel or hated it...well I liked it. It was an invigorating way to write a novel while limiting the characters to a ‘Cormac McCarthy’ friendly five. And on top of that, Paula has three narrators telling her story with two being in the same time frame and the third laging months behind (until the end). Absolutely brilliant. The way the story was written caused this reviewer to want to read more progressively. While I love short chapter books, this is the first one that I can remember that sectioned the short chapters into morning, evening and sometimes afternoons. It doesn’t get any better than that. Although Paula was cautiously descriptive about her five main characters, I had a handle on how I visualized each character. I did read that some readers thought that this novel echoed Alfred Hitchcock’s Rear Window, I would agree but I would merge it with Strangers On A Train (1951). Nonetheless, there are some hitchcockian (did I just make a new word?) traits in Paula’s novel. Of course the novel isn’t all ‘peaches and cream’, I did notice some disjointed involvement whenever the red-haired man (near the end we learn that his name is Andy) appeared. I couldn’t figure out why he was in Paula’s novel, it was almost like he was a walk-on from another novel. And it is never defined (well enough for me) why Rachel needed to ride that train every day with no purpose, other than to fool her landlady, Cathy. Why would Cathy care that she was unemployed as long as Rachel was paying the rent? And what did that ‘little pile of clothes by the edge of the track’ have to do with the novel? These are minor complaints, but very few novels escape my fault-finding.<br/><br/>Rachel Watson rides the 8:04 train each morning from Ashbury to London even though she doesn’t have her public relations job anymore. One day she turned up at work “blind drunk after a three-hour lunch with a client.” Rachel insulted the client and lost his business. Rachel was sacked. She also doesn’t have her husband Tom anymore. Since she couldn’t get pregnant, she turned to gin and tonics and forced her husband, Tom into an affair with Anna Boyd. Rachel was divorced. She nows lives in a rented room in Cathy’s house. And drinking heavily. To make matters worse, the train stops momentarily most mornings by a faulty red signal and from her train seat she can see her old house. Tom still lives there with his new wife, Anna and their first baby. But Rachel’s focal point is the house on the same street nearest to the tracks. There she daily observes a seemingly happy couple on their patio or having coffee in their garden. Rachel names them Jason and Jess although she will later learn that they are Scott and Megan. In Rachel’s mind...are they the ideal couple that Tom and her could have been? Is Rachel jealous of this unknown couple's life? She continues to find happiness observing them briefly each morning from her train seat. Then the unthinkable happens one morning. Rachel sees a tall dark stranger kissing Jess (Megan) on Jason (Scott) and Jess’s patio. Rachel thinks to herself, “Why would she do that? Jason loves her, I can see it, they’re happy. I can’t believe she would do that to him, he doesn’t deserve that. I feel a real sense of disappointment, I feel as though I have been cheated on.”<br/><br/>The Megan narrated chapters are always lagging behind Rachel and Anna’s chapters chronologically. The reader learns that Megan has also lost her job and is somewhat depressed. Scott suggests that she should get some therapy. Megan agrees and makes an appointment to see Dr. Kamal Abdic. Don’t think that I’m giving the story away because I’ve only covered about the first thirty pages. Paula Hawkins’s hitchcockian mystery is ready to explode as Rachel comes home to her room at Cathy’s on a Saturday night. Rachel is beat up, vomiting, hungover and unable to remember what happened that night. She knows that she was in her old neighborhood because her ex-husband Tom has left messages on her phone. Rachel sees the news on the television and learns that Megan has been reported missing. After some time, Rachel goes to the police and tells them that she saw Megan kissing a stranger on the patio. They don’t consider her a reliable witness. The police show her a picture of Dr. Abdic and Rachel I.D’s him as the mystery kisser of Megan. Later Rachel meets Scott at his house and tells him that Dr. Abdic was having an affair with Megan. For some reason she lies and tells Scott that she knew Megan. Has Megan been murdered? Did the doctor do it? Did her husband do it, or whomever? Maybe she is alive. When will Rachel remember what happened on that Saturday night? This is the point where the novel becomes a page turner and where I stop recapping. I only touched on the beginning, all the juicy parts are still ahead. This was an exciting book with some minor flaws, but I highly recommend this maiden thriller by journalist Paula Hawkins.
I had considered Gone Girl to be at the pinnacle of my favorite genre - the psychological thriller. The Girl on the Train sits beside Gillian Flynn's page-turner, in my opinion. I foolishly began reading Paula Hawkins' book before going to sleep and could not stop until I reached the last page. As was true with Gone Girl, The Girl on the Train must be read carefully, and the reader must pay close attention to details, including the dates embedded in each chapter.<br/><br/>The story is told by three women. Rachel, whose life has pretty much bottomed out, rides a train to London every day to fool her flatmate into thinking she has a job. She entertains herself by looking into houses along the tracks and becomes almost obsessed with a couple she sees daily. In Rachel's mind, they are the golden couple and the object of her envy. She even gives them names.<br/><br/>Anna, whose house is close to that of the golden couple, is the wife of Rachel's ex-husband, Tom. They have a young daughter, Evie. The affair, which ended Rachel's marriage, was devastating to her, but the most hurtful thing was Anna's pregnancy. Rachel had desperately wanted a child, but the only round of IVF that she and Tom could afford failed and the marriage with it.<br/><br/>Megan, the golden wife, lives with her husband, Scott, in another house along the railroad tracks. Rachel is so enthralled by the couple that she fabricates stories about what she considers to be their perfect life. This all charges when she sees Megan kissing another man from the train window.<br/><br/>Rachel's already turbulent life takes another nosedive when Megan goes missing. Determined to help the police find her, Rachel is brought into contact with her detractors, Anna, Tom and Scott. Because of her alcoholism, she is treated as a pariah by them and as an unreliable witness by the police. Even she distrusts her faulty memory.<br/><br/>The story has countless twists and turns, which demand the reader's complete attention. The characters are beautifully developed as the complex people they are. Just when I thought I had a handle on them, I discovered a new nugget, which completely changed them. As is true in all well-written books of this genre, no one is what he or she seems on the surface. The writing flows effortlessly, gradually building to a climax.<br/><br/>I highly recommend The Girl on the Train to fans of books like Gone Girl. Just don't make my mistake and start reading at 11:00 pm because you will most likely lose a night's sleep!
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN<br/><br/>Tension - strain - stress - anxiety - nervousness - edginess -- All words I would use to describe how I was feeling while reading THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN.  Right from the start, readers are sucked into a vortex of lies, deceits, inventions.  I loved this book.<br/><br/>Rachel is alone and lonely, living a life filled with maybes and want-to.  She is a heavy drinker, so much so that she blacks out, looses time, jobs, friends.  She is pretty much by herself and this makes her drink even more.  What's worse,  she is a sloppy drunk.  Rachel commutes daily on the train and sees the same old same old landscape every day.  However, one particular dwelling fascinates her -- she sees a couple out on their deck and starts to fantasize about them and how perfect their life must be.  So much unlike her messed up self.<br/><br/>One day she sees something horrible and is flung head first into a drastic and terrifying situation.  Rachel gets herself so involved in this plight that her own life becomes tangled up with others. After seeing what she sees, Rachel feels she must get involved in this situation and all hell breaks loose.  She is, however, a very unreliable witness, but Rachel keeps herself involved and her life changes forever.<br/><br/>This book is told in alternating voices -- those of Rachel, Megan, and Anna.  These three women's lives become so snarled up together, even before they realize they have connections.  What connections do these three girls have?  Are lives changed, and if so, are they changed for the better?  Why is Rachel so concerned about people she doesn't even know?<br/><br/>The story and plot are so twisted and full of surprises and shocks that I found myself constantly trying to figure out what would happen next, who was responsible for what, and who did what to who and why -- finally, I just read and let the book take me where it was headed.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book, the suspense, the characters, the plot.  Just when you think you have everything figured out, you find out you don't.<br/><br/>Some have compared this book to GONE GIRL but it's totally different.  Yes, there are surprises, suspense, and mystery, but the writing style of the two authors are very different.  The two books fall into the same genre and both are great reads.<br/><br/>If you love a good book that has a great ride in store for you, one that makes you want to stop the world so you can just read, one that leaves you guessing and turning pages into the wee hours of the morning, then THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is a book for you.  I happily highly recommend this one. I will find it hard to pick my next reading adventure until I come down from this high obtained on this reading journey.<br/><br/>Thank you.
It's pretty easy to sum up this book; it's about messed up people, doing messed up things to one another. Plain and simple. There are no likable characters here, there are no protagonists, it's just bad seed after bad apple. The main character of the story Rachael is a pathetic mess of a person, to put it nicely. She's a raging alcoholic who spend hers days in a voyeuristic make believe land of her own alcohol soaked mind. She's like James Stewart in Alfred Hitchcock's classic, Rear Window, but a complete drunk who is depressed and has no direction in life.<br/><br/>To say that this book is a depressing read would be an understatement because I'm not exaggerating when I say there are no protagonists to root for in this story. Everyone is either sad, depressed, a drunk, a cheat, a liar, or any combination of the five. Sometimes that can still work, case in point, Gillian Flynn's wildly popular GONE GIRL, which is often times mentioned in the same sentence as this book. But it doesn't work here and it's not just because of the characters themselves, but also some of the unbelievable scenarios of the book. The character of Megan falling for her therapist happens almost immediately, upon their first meeting , with no build up whatsoever. Next, the character of Anna doesn't seem to have a problem with her husband Tom constantly calling and consoling his ex-wife, Rachael. And the real problem with the book is the big reveal at the end. I won't spoil it for you, but it just abruptly happens and I didn't for a second believe it.<br/><br/>The book is not all bad. As I said, it is very Hitchcockian, of whom I am a big fan, and for this being Paula Hawkins first novel, she did an admirable job, but if you are looking for a book that is in the same vein as this, but is pulled off much better, check out the recently released REMEMBER ME THIS WAY, by Sabine Durrant. It is more deserving of the praise that this book seems to be getting. I give THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN a 3/5
There's a voyeur in all of us, I think. My inner people-watcher comes out during evening walks, when I pass the houses in my neighborhood and catch a glimpse of a life through the gaps in the blinds or curtains. It's not enough to see anything, really, just a fragment or two of a family or couple or solo person sitting at their dining table or lounging in their living room, just moments caught in the passing. But the wheels in my head start turning: Who are these people? What stories do they have? It begs the question: Who are we really in our most unguarded moments?<br/><br/>The interstices of the passing-by—that's where the drama in Paula Hawkins's The Girl on the Train begins. It starts with Rachel Watson, an ordinary commuter on her way to work, who becomes obsessed with watching a row of houses along the tracks. At a signal stop, she peers into a home, watching a couple she calls "Jason and Jess," imagining and craving their domestic bliss as they breakfast in the garden. Then one day Rachel spies something amiss. * SPOILER ahead: She catches "Jess" kissing a man—someone not her husband. * Unsurprisingly it turns her fantasy world upside down. Surprisingly it sets her real world into a tailspin.<br/><br/>We discover that Rachel isn't just some innocent, casual observer. She used to live in the same neighborhood she watches with such scrutiny and obsession. Two years earlier, Rachel lived a very different life, she was married and lived in an identical home two doors down from the couple (real names, Megan and Scott Hipwell) she watches. We also learn that Rachel is an alcoholic whose life starts to unravel during the course of the novel and whose addiction predictably erodes our trust in her as a reliable narrator. She also regularly stalks her ex-husband, Tom and his new wife, Anna, particularly during her binges, to an alarming degree.<br/><br/>Then the proverbial sh*t hits the fan: * SPOILER ahead: Megan goes missing. * Rachel is horrified and yet also discovers that she's more alive than she's felt in a long time. "I am interested, for the first time in ages, in something other than my own misery. I have purpose. Or at least, I have a distraction." The investigation that follows becomes more than just a distraction but an obsession. Megan becomes a kind of a holy grail/crusade for Rachel, a symbol of everything she once had and then lost, a way to redeem herself.<br/><br/>There's only one problem: * SPOILER ahead: The night before Megan disappeared, Rachel blacked out. She thinks she saw something but she wakes up the next morning at home with a bloody bump on her head and no reliable memory of what happened. * The rest of the book is dominated by Rachel trying to make sense of that missing chunk of her timeline and trying to help with the investigation. Rachel's viewpoint alternates with those of Anna and Megan.<br/><br/>As a reading experience, The Girl on the Train is a compulsive read; I'll wholeheartedly give it that. It's a page-turner, and props need to go to Hawkins for her sense of pacing and expert character study. I loved how Rachel is such a mess. Hawkins rains down Murphy's Law on Rachel like the vengeful, Old Testament God. There is something distasteful and yet also sympathetic about her and in many ways I could see myself in her shoes. I could relate to how the trajectory of her life falls so steeply. A few stumbles is all it takes to succumb to the spiral. How fragile is our self-confidence and self-esteem. Sometimes it isn't easy to dig yourself out of the hole. Sometimes the only direction you can go is down.<br/><br/>Yet despite having the basic set up for a pulsating, inventive thriller, The Girl on the Train didn't stun and wow. I'm being tough here because I was really blown away by Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl, a book that this novel aspires to. Hawkins's novel is psychologically taut but it lacks the wickedness and darkness that Gone Girl gave us in spades. Ultimately stripped of the huge marketing hype, The Girl on the Train is a solid thriller but a purely conventional one. Hawkins gives us rather obvious red herring suspects with * SPOILER ahead: the therapist that Megan visits, the bereaved husband, Scott, and the grinning stranger on the train Rachel keeps running into. * When we finally get the big reveal at the end, it wasn't *that* gasp-worthy. I was actually hoping for something more 'twist-worthy' like maybe Rachel had more of a hand in the disappearance, or maybe a split-personality twist in the end. I liked the complication of Rachel having a case of amnesia caused by her alcohol-fueled blackouts, but I found it a little too convenient when she suddenly remembers. For me, too much of the climax hinged on Rachel's state of mind and the just-in-time pop of clarity she experiences, than any real sleuthing or epiphany on her part.<br/><br/>A solid read with a lot of momentum—sure, go read it!—but it doesn't have any of the earth-shattering complexity and delicious depravity and cold-hearted intelligence we get in Gone Girl.<br/><br/>[Disclaimer: I received an ARC of this book from the publisher for an honest and candid review. This review was originally written for LibraryThing Early Reviewers.]
Anyone who has ever spent any time at all travelling by train -- especially anyone who has routinely travelled the same line as a commuter -- will immediately recognise the starting premise of Paula Hawkins' début crime triller, "The Girl on the Train". Surely no-one can resist peering into the back yards and gardens or through the windows of kitchens, dining rooms,  conservatories and bedrooms of suburban track-side homes and wondering about the lives that are glimpsed there? For Rachel, on her daily journey in and out of London, it is easier than for most to imagine what is going on, because she used to live in one of the houses she sees into by the side of the tracks where her train stops briefly at a signal each day. Her ex-husband and his new wife live there now but Rachel is no longer a part of that life any more, except as passive observer -- she is merely the Girl on the Train now.  Until, that is, one day she observes from her passing train something that changes her world forever, and which throws her into a terrifying tangle of murder, intrigue and despair; one made even more frightening by the fact that Rachel has a problem remembering things clearly at times, as well as separating reality from fantasy -- a problem that puts her in far more danger than she realises.<br/><br/>From this premise, Paula Hawkins constructs a clever and convincing tale of obsession, deceit and guilt -- as well as of modern day suburban mundanity and the baggage that it carries. Masterfully written and well paced throughout, this book is one of the best thrillers to have come my way in a long time. Told from a three-person perspective, almost in daily journal format, the tale slowly reveals the various facets of the main characters in a way that forces a constant reassessment of circumstances and keeps the reader guessing at the outcome right until the very end.<br/><br/>Dreamworks have already acquired the rights for Marc Platt to produce the film version even before the book has been published; it will probably make for a cracking movie. It already makes for a stunning and completely unputdownable read.
Can't add anything to the orther one star reviews and comments; a real waste of time.  Could someone explain how such a book received such favorable reviews?  Have we reached a nadir in literary tastes?
I am amazed that a book like this one rose to the top of the best seller list.  It wasn't even entertainment for me.  I made myself read it to the end to see if I would change my opinion.  I did not.
I bought this book because of all the great reviews and the comparison to "Gone Girl" (which is the only Gillian Flynn book I liked) but this book surpasses it. The plot is intricately woven with the narration of three women and their intersecting lives. The story is suspenseful, smart and I couldn't put the book down until I was finished. There are twists and turns and though I did figure out who the killer was and why, it was still exciting and even more twisty than I imagined.<br/><br/>Truly, I don't understand all the negative reviews but so many seem to be based on the characters' personalities and weaknesses. I'm sorry but this is a murder mystery filled with flawed people which is truly realistic. What were readers expecting? Heroes and perfect, moral characters? How boring would that be as well as unrealistic. So many main characters in literature are flawed, imperfect, weak, tragic, and broken. It's sad that so many people think a character who was abused or who has a drinking problem isn't work reading about or listening to. Each character in this book has their flaws which come out here and there throughout the book, making you realize that what you thought you knew, you didn't know at all. It's also incredible to me that the same people who complained about the flawed characters were also offended by the comparison to "Gone Girl." Because the characters in that book weren't flawed with infidelity, psychopathy and more? The characters in this book are far more redeemable.<br/><br/>I loved this book. I would recommend it to anyone and I can't wait to read the next book by this author!
Stop now, look for another book. Read the other one star ratings and save yourself the unhappiness of the obligatory reading of a poorly plotted book that you hope will end quickly. Harsh but true.
I'm having great difficulty finishing this.  I brought it because it was highly recommended.  But what the ##### It's certainly not what I expected,.  given the choice I would not have bought it.
If you enjoy reading about 30 something characters who whine, complain and are mentally disturbed this is the book for you.  If you would like to read an intelligent mystery try Agatha Chrisite.
After awhile, I found the book quite boring, but once I start a book, I hve to finish it for some strange reason!  This book just went on and on and on...  I am surprised it was a best seller.
This was a very confusing book, difficult to read and not enjoyable.  Out of hope for it to improve I forced myself to finish!  The lead character is a confused psycho with an alcohol problem.
Whaat? A contrived plot with not much substance. Not enough detail about characters to elicit emotion for them. Except the alcoholic; and the emotion I felt was disgust..
Thought the book was very depressing, filled with unlike able people.  Would not recommend it.  Just because it's on the Best Seller list does not make it a good story!
Definitely would not say this is the next Gone Girl. The book starts slow and is pretty obvious who the "killer" is. Not the worst book but not the best either.
Everyday, Rachel takes the train to work. As the train comes to halt at a signal, she daydreams about the people in the houses she sees. She watches the moments of their lives that she observes from the train, and she makes up stories about them. This is merely daydreaming, until the day she witnesses something. Then, everything changes!<br/><br/>As I read this, I kept thinking about that voyeuristic quality that I enjoyed in Hitchcock’s REAR WINDOW. We all seem to enjoy looking into other people’s lives and catching a glimpse of what a stranger’s private life might be like.<br/><br/>This book kept me guessing until the last minute. Because the author narrated different chapters in the first person by three alternating characters, we are able to get to know them from the inside out, understand how their minds work, and see how they evolve as the tension of the murder mystery builds. This is a very clever way to both allow the reader to relate to the characters and their feelings, as well as to tell a story from varying viewpoints. I bet you can’t put this one down! I couldn’t!
Well, I must say I was suckered into downloading this book because of all the great ratings. Two chapters in and I knew that I would not like it. The author took an old concept, think Alfred Hitchcock, Agatha Christie, and took an inebriated female character to tell her story. By the third chapter I was sick of reading about her sorted life, her woe is me and her habitual  whining. So, I stopped reading, put it in the cloud and forgot about it. I was hopping that after several weeks in the cloud it would have re-written itself so I tried to finish it. Of course it did not re-write itself but I did finish it. I did not like it period! I must say that the reviewers called it a psychological thriller. By definition it emphasizes the psychology of its characters rather then the plot, and exposes said character to danger on a mental level, really? I didn't feel it happening as I was reading it. Perhaps because of all the whinning that was going on. Perhaps there was to many characters being introduced in all her delusions. Who knows why one person loves it and the next person does not.
I thought this was a great story.  I really did.  I tore through this book to see what happened next and to find out whodunit. However, I'm glad it was a short, fast read because if I had to spend any more time with any of those characters, I was going to shoot myself. These are some of the worst people I've met in a book--or real life, for that matter. The most irritating was the one we spent the most time with, Rachel.  She's not only unlikable, but painfully pathetic.  She's a person with whom I'm very glad I don't relate.  But, for me, having at least a little connection/relation to the main character enhances my enjoyment of a work.  I hated Rachel.  I hated all these people.  I felt no sympathy for any of them, not even the murder victim.  Also, there were several distracting spelling errors (not just British spelling differences, but actual errors) that I couldn't believe were missed by an editor.  This book is worth reading just for the story, but if you're like me, and you'd prefer to actually care about at least one of the characters in a book, this will annoy you.
I was excited to read this from the reviews. However, it was very easy to predict the ending and it drug on much to long.  I would not read another book by this author
Predictable with similar writing style and plot as "Gone Girl." Wasn't a fan of how weak and simple each character was. Still made a good way to kill some time though.
A fair murder mystery story that is a little too predictable. Maybe it's a AA endorsement. Bet the<br/>Police would love for all their cases to be so neatly tied up.
Any comparison to Hitchcock is completely misplaced. This started as a yawner and I couldn't make myself keep reading about the pathetic main character. Amazon should have a money-back guarantee of some sort.
Another contemporary feminist fiction novel full of unsympathetic characters careening through the plot.  Unless that is what you want to read, avoid this book.
Stopped reading at 50 pages. I don't care about this woman and her drinking problem. Why waste my time with this when there are so many other excellent books?!
Why is this a best seller? I did not care about any of the characters and I had the crime figured out in no time. There are many better books to read.
The story is split between three women, all equally weak, flawed & unlikable.<br/>Not very cleverly crafted in my humble opinion. Although it sounded promising for the first few chapters, it soon transpires that nothing much happens for half of the book. The big twist or amazing conclusion which may nave redeemed the book didn't happen, and the ending announced itself loudly way before the unconvincing climax. And if Rachel's ex had changed his phone numbers and email address like any normal person being majorly harassed by an obsessive, alcoholic ex wife, there would be no story at all. Rather handily, this became a good cover story for him to cheat on his new wife.<br/><br/>What was the point of the ginger haired man? A poorly executed red herring? Or the piles of clothes that made regular appearances on the side of the train tracks? And what turned<br/><br/>I should have known better when it was compared with Gone Girl. I hated that too. Don't believe the hype.
Should have been a short story, didn't like one character in the book, I don't know who hypes these books, but somehow they become best sellers, HOW?
Characters all psychological messes in fragmented pseudo-Hemingway bits between pregnant pauses. Little plot until 80percent through. Tiresome people existing primarily in their minds rather than living them. Most disappointing
Deeply tragic book about human frailties and evils.  The characterization about addictive disordered behavior rings true.  One too many plot twists.
The characters were all equally bad people, making it hard to care who gets killed and who is the killer. By the end I was just glad it was over.
Who is to argue with success given that as I write this the book is number one on the fiction bestseller list? In part, that is why I read it (plus a recommendation from my wife who liked the book). This is bottom line a highly improbable story that takes the reader on some fun and entertaining twists and turns which makes it an ideal beach read. This is not a serious or very noteworthy literary achievement and I don’t think it was written to be anything more than an entertainment… and at that it is a success. Some say The Girl on the Train is the next Gone Girl and it is similar to the extent that the characters here like Gone Girl are impossible to like.something in an adjacent apartment while riding a computer train into London. Rachel is quite simply an unreliable narrator…she is an alcoholic (alcoholic black outs play a large part in the plot)…divorced… has gained weight and was recently fired  having been drunk on the job. Yet she still commutes into London each day to a job she no longer has. Then there is Anna who was Rachel’s ex-husband Tom’s mistress and now is Tom’s new wife. Tom and Anna have a child that Anna fears Rachel wants to kidnap. And finally there is Megan a neighbor of Anna that is unhappy in her marriage to Scott and disappears. Did she run away with someone else? Did her husband do something as the police think so (it’s always the husband isn’t it?)? It is Megan and Scott, that ideal couple that Rachel sees from the window of the train.<br/>  Along the way we get police detectives and both husband’s back stories and a mysterious man on the train as well as Rachel’s roommate… but the focus is on Rachel and her alcoholic damaged mind. Is it possible she did something that provoked the crime? She can’t remember. If she could the book would have been much shorter.<br/>  As you may have guessed this is a book where nothing is as it seems and everyone has secrets and rather ugly secrets at that. The men in this book are not treated very kindly but this is a story told from the perspective of three damaged women. Well told and entertaining but very improbable. Take it to the beach.<br/>  The structure of the book takes some getting used to and the story starts out a bit slow and awkward. We are given three female character narrators who each tell their stories in the first person. The main character is Rachel who is the girl on the train. Rachel sees
Holds attention and keeps you guessing so you HAVE to know what comes next!
I was expecting more after all the wonderful reviews I had read on Amazon.  The so- called twist at the end was transparent and disappointing.
I will not retell the plot as you can see that many times over. I felt it dragged with Rachel's despair and alcoholism, complete with job loss, vomiting and blackouts, played over and over. Her saving grace? Messing with other peoples lives. She knows she shouldn't but she does. Over and over.<br/>Then there are three. Three depressed, messed up women who only focus on their men but not in the same nonsequential timeline. At one point, I thought maybe they were all one woman with  mulitple personalitie disorder. Not only are the characters experiences similar but the voices are as well. They are interchangable using the same language, slang and depressed anxiety filled view of life. I found if I didn't pay attention at the beginning of the chapter, I wouldn't know who was speaking.  I didn't enjoy the book because I thought all the women were so alike- and unlikeable!<br/>There are some interesting moments so I gave it an extra star but it didn't ring true for me. I cannot believe that two of the disillusioned women would pair up for a very quick and predictable ending. I would not recommend paying full price for this book!
The writers style I thought was boring & the story was hard to follow.  I read 3/4 & quit which I hated to do but I couldn't handle any more.
I can't get into this book. The main character seems like such a miserable person.  Get her some Prozac  I'm sorry that I purchased this book
Very monotonous, predictable read. Meanders around without ever really engaging the reader finishes as it started with an anti climatic end.
Perhaps the book was too hyped up before I read it.  Not as suspenseful as I was led to believe.  Story jumped around too much for my tastes
I read a good book today. My problem is that it felt like I was reading it through a mentally ill, alcoholic fog. *SPOILER* This is the first book I read where every single person was mentally ill, a drunk, a psychotic, or an unethical enabler. It is very difficult to read a book written in part by the ramblings of a drunk., the next voice was the scattered thinking of a bi-polar burn out and the the third voice was of a passive-aggressive adulterer. I really mean it, not even the psychiatrist was totally sane. If you can wade through all that, you will probably like this  book. But the author gives away the ending on page 245 with one line and 90 more pages to slog through. Oh well we can't all be 5 star writers with every book. This was a good book, not a re-read book. It's not a best of 2015 book. It's just a stand on its own good book. (I would say it was just an ok book but people reading my book critiques are getting snarky with me) Apparently they take exception to book reviews they don't agree with. And all this time I thought they wanted my opinion, silly me. I did mention it was a good book right?
You will like this book if (1) you've always wondered how an alcoholic thinks, (2) you enjoy reading about spousal abuse, and (3) you<br/>enjoy reading about infidelity and violence.  Sorry I bought this one.
I am amazed that this book was on the top of the best seller list for so long. I found it boring and frankly disturbing. Not my cup of tea.
The characters were just completely unlikeable. They were more annoying than captivating  It wasn't terrible but it wasn't that good either
I was expecting to enjoy this a lot more than I did.  I think the trouble was that it is packed full of damaged characters and it was very hard to either like or emphasise with them.  From memory the main character’s landlady was the only positive character!<br/><br/>Anyway, girl on train sees same people as her train makes a regular stop at the signals.  And one day she sees something that is “wrong” and from that basic premise we unravel her story and those she interacts with.  As murder and mayhem ensues it felt that too much effort was put into the various “broken” characters and twists but it needed a blend of normal behaviours and people.<br/><br/>It is not a bad first book but tries a little too hard to be the next “Gone Girl” without just wanting to be a clever thriller.
Meh.  I wasn't very impressed.  While the story line was okay, I felt that it was predictable.  I think all the hype set me up for disappointment.  I felt that a lot of things were repeated, and grew tired of reading the same types of details used to describe the characters.  I thought it was interesting when the author went into detail about alcohol induced blackouts, but once again, mentioned it so many times, which played a part in the predictability.  The way the story wrapped up was especially jarring and disappointing.  it was unrealistic, and again, contributed to it's predictability.  its a short and somewhat enjoyable read, and many people enjoy it.  If you're looking for a book to jolt your senses, push buttons, or affect your emotions in any way, this book is not for you.
I'm flabbergasted by the rave reviews, especially that there are 17,500+ mostly positive reviews. At the 20% mark, I debated ending the boredom since nothing had happened yet. Once I got to about 50%, I was still bored and confused about what all the fuss what about because still nothing much had happened. But I slogged through and finished, and I'm still shaking my head. Not one of the seven main characters is likable. Most of them drink heavily. The pacing is slow and repetitive. The book felt so amateurish that I really question what has happened to the reading public that books like this and Gone Girl, another poorly written and over-hyped mess, are so popular. Are books with fully developed characters and carefully crafted plots too challenging for people? I just don't get it.
In a word: crap.<br/><br/>I took this book with me on a beach vacation because I wanted something to breeze through, something to entertain me. I do not ask for much in my beach reads: plot, some coherent writing, character development. I gave this book more than a fair shot. But I'm stopping at page 175.<br/><br/>Poor writing, flat characters, and the author's sexist tone seeps off every page. Every female psychosis is on display here: dressing the part, feeling worthless, feeling like a child, sexual motivation behind how men act, women's revenge, "I'm a force to be reckoned with," "all these men," the list goes on....<br/><br/>I can't take it anymore. Life is too short to read bad books like this one.<br/><br/>I hate it<br/>1/5 Goodreads<br/>1/5 Amazon
I can't believe all these four and five star reviews!  I had to plow through this book because I found it not only boring but distasteful, like Gone Girl.  All about sleazy people whose main occupation was having sex with each other.  The means of telling the story--first-person snippets by the three female characters--struck me as sloppy writing, an easy "out" that let the author not bother with the finer details of plot. And the people were not interesting!  Their lives, including those of the men, were incredibly shallow..  I am an older reader but I don't object to sex in stories, just to sloppy writing about people that are so dull and uninspiring.  But this seems to be the new trend in best-selling books which speaks to me of how readers' tastes have deteriorated.
I purchased this book as there are great reviews online. Additionally, it's a best-seller on Amazon and the New York Times. It is billed as gripping as "Gone Girl" and I absolutely loved that book. I purchased this for me and my best friend, as we often read the same books at the same time.<br/><br/>Overall, I was a bit disappointed in the book. It was well-written and suspenseful, but I think I had my hopes up too high. It was okay, but I don't know if it can be compared to "Gone Girl" in terms of amazing writing with twists and turns. My best friend felt the same way. I think that I would read this book again, but I wouldn't purchase it if I had to do it all over again. I would wait until it came available in the library or a friend would let me borrow it.
I read a lot. Not only is the story constructed in a confusing way, it goes on forever.<br/><br/>I'm glad it's over.
I finally saw the light and no longer read the 5 star reviews, will always start with 1 star and make my decision whether or not to purchase a book.<br/>Not sure why some authors feel the need to classify their characters as flawed, we are all flawed - personally I found all three of her characters almost borderline sociopaths but that was never really explored - I honestly did not give a crap what happened to them before, during and after.  Although this novel has been compared to 'Gone Girl', I at least, was interested in the motivation behind the story in the Flynn book, not at all with this one.  I cannot even fathom the thought of passing this along for a friend or foe to read, but I guess will donate it to a library since its' been too long to get my money back.
I couldn't wait for this book to be over. I purchased it because it was on the 'recommended' list if you had enjoyed A. Doerr's exquisite novel  All the Light We Cannot See...which is on my top 10 forever list. It is unfathomable to determine the logic used to couple it with Doerr's masterpiece, but I assume this is why Hawkin's book has sold so well.There was not one character with whom to develop a  hopeful compassion (key ingredient) and draw you in intimately. I hung in and kept reading The Girl on the Train thinking Hawkins would somehow pull it off but alas...the depressing story  laid itself flat all the way to it's merciful conclusion.  Save your money. Pick up Lady in Gold and All the Light we Cannot see and sink into something you wish had no last page.
Convoluted, boring, and a main character that I would not like to know any better than the first couple of chapters.
I enjoyed reading this book. The writer does an excellent job of characterizing each POV character, so she clearly knows her stuff in that department. The plot was pretty straightforward, but I guessed the solution much sooner than I expected to (and, as it turns out, hoped to) in a book so highly lauded. After I made the crucial connection, I dutifully finished the book, but it wasn't nearly as fun. Cheers to the writer for completing a book that has garnered a good deal of attention and praise, but I likely will not be recommending this as anything more than a summer beach book. If you're looking for a way to knock off a few hours, you could do much worse. If you're looking for a thriller to challenge your powers of observation, you could do much better.
Very slow getting started.  With alternating narrators and dates that are important but sometimes jump back and forth, I wished I were reading a book instead of my Kindle.  I ended up taking notes to avoid significant confusion.  I took notes up to about 41%.  By then everything was pretty easy to follow, but the dates continued to be critically important.  Once I got to 49% I was deeply involved and it was intense and enjoyable and I finished in about 24 hours, during which I did other things as well.  It was somewhat like Gone Girl although I ended up liking this and I totally hated Gone Girl because I didn't care if either character lived or died, in fact I wish she had died at the end.  These characters, while flawed people were at least sympathetic.
The premise is great. An ex wife (Rachel) rides the train each day on the way to a job she no longer has because she was too drunk to hold on to it, or hold on to her ex. One day riding the train, passing behind the house she used to live in with her ex, she sees something two doors down at the house where she has created a fantasy backstory for the couple who lives there. Then the neighbor, Jess/Megan goes missing. The story is told in chapters of alternating voices: Rachel, the ex-wife of Tom; Anna, who marries Tom next; and Megan, who lives two doors down, gores missing, and is not what she seems, either. In fact, nothing is as it first seems. What happens to Megan?  Who is responsible?  About three quarters of the way through, I had a pretty good idea. The book reaches a slow climax and then unravels predictably because the author leaves big fat clues everywhere.  Nothing subtle here.
Disappointing after all the hype. The plot was twisted and unpredictable, which was good, but I stopped caring about what happened because the characters were so uninteresting. The story was told from the point of view of three female characters: Rachel, the primary character, was whiny and weak, still pining for a broken marriage with a nasty two-timer; Anna, the woman he cheated with, didn't come to life at all; and Megan, a neighbor of Anna's, seemed to be calmly narrating her fate even while expiring. In any case, I failed to connect with any of them. And the male characters, without giving the ending away, were disturbing and violent. It takes more than these one-dimensional people to make a mystery novel interesting. This one failed to deliver.
When I said I really hated the characters in this book and disliked the whole story I got a lot of this  "WHAT?"<br/><br/>I found the main character pathetic, in her alcoholism, her inability to move on, her lack of common sense. She was boring, repetitive and predictable.<br/>The story read the same, slow filled with unlikeable characters, a predictable story and a meh ending.<br/>The feeling I got most for this was that I just wanted somebody to kill her and end her pathetic existence. The main character just angered me by her lack of anything except her stalking. She was an idiot stalker too, getting blackout drunk and doing ? She couldn't remember.<br/>I figured the mystery out at 50%<br/><br/>Good point:The narration was fantastic
What a disappointment!  Like a narcissistic diary.  Made me skip the middle to read the gruesome ending.  No good people in this book.
One of the worst books I have read in years  If you start not worth finishing characters uninteresting and banal
I was interested in this book due to the many reviews drawing parallels between it and Gone Girl. Besides thematic similarities, this book is nothing like Gone Girl, which I enjoyed due to its intensity, twists, and strong characters among other reasons.<br/><br/>Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how you look at it) I've never encountered a book so inundated with sniveling, irritating, characters, which is only worsened by the flatly-voiced, despondent narration. This coupled with the excruciatingly slow pace of the book made it nearly unbearable.<br/><br/>Not only was the book slow and painful, it was also predictable. It plods along, the reader (or listener in this case), feeling quite strongly that they know where the plot is going, but hopeful that something, anything will happen to make reading it worth while.<br/><br/>Spoiler alert: It doesn't.
I finished this book (which took some effort) last night, and I am thoroughly mad at how the raving reviews tricked me into wasting precious life time on this book. All (ALL!) characters in the book are unlikeable and cardboard flat. The story drags on (I skimmed over dozens of pages), contains a lot of unnessecary page-filling side stories like the redheaded man on the train or the job interview, both of which contribute nothing to the story. Then some miserable attempts at confusing the reader into thinking ANY of the main characters in the book could have been the perp, and an Oh!, so unexpected plot twist at the end, the kind that aspiring writers learn about in a weekend workshop. Boring, predictable, flat, irritating.
Three of the most pathetic woman characters I have ever read about. I would not recommend this book to anyone!
It is not the kind of book that you would want to make time to read it; rather it is good entertainment while you are commuting, waiting in the It line, or having nothing else to do.<br/><br/>I have mostly read the book on the train - probably better this way in the first place. Five minutes now and then make me more emotionally and sympathetic connected to the main characters. But I feel a bit uncomfortable that is a book of how two women fell, stupidly and desperately for a bad, smart guy. I will be looking forward to a book that's the other way round - stupid boys fell in love with dangerous, smart and bad girls.<br/><br/>Sorry that I am a lousy reviewer, but anyway - the book is good to kill your time, but don't get your hopes up.
While the novel is entertaining and one of those books you can read in a day, and though it keeps the reader in suspense some of the time, the prose is quite prosaic and the ending overly melodramatic (and in some sense a bit absurd-- as if written for a Hollywood blockbuster). Most of the characters are wholly unbelievable and superficial, and in some sense the gender stereotypes the book promotes has set us all back at least a few decades. Overall, the book was a quick read and it was, admittedly, gripping up until the last couple of chapters-- just as a bestseller produced for mass consumption should be. Beyond that, it cannot be defined as art or true literature, as intellectually pretentious that may sound.
This book was a "wannabe" Gone Girl but fell short of it. I couldn't relate to any of the characters because they ALL made ridiculous decisions. Throughout the entire book all I thought was "WHY would this person do that?", like why would it take a grown woman so long to not get over her ex-husband, or why would a woman marry a man not knowing any of his friends or family, why would a man with no violent history all of a sudden grab, threaten and lock someone up in a spare bedroom? A lot of the scenarios didn't make sense. It pulled me in in the beginning because I wanted to know what happened in the main character's past but I was truly disappointed.<br/><br/>I would never recommend this book
I didn't really sense any "suspense" in this novel until I reached the half way point. I was annoyed with keeping track of chapters with dates, and there are three different female voices which makes this a difficult type of book to read on a Kindle. I almost quit half way through the book because I just didn't like anyone in the story. However, I'm glad I finished it because the author did eventually bring the story to a satisfying conclusion. I have read reviews that compare it to Gone Girl and it doesn't rise to that level at all. I think I would have edited out half the alcoholic stupors for Rachel because I just got tired of her reasons and excuses for being how she was. The book is simply Okay.
I had the same problem as with Gone Girl.  I could stand only so much of the tedious, boring story.  Gave up half way through.
Didn't finish this book. I got to the part where I felt it was wrapping up and I thought must be approaching the end only to realize I was just over halfway through the book. The first half was compelling enough, though none of the characters were particularly worth rooting for, the mystery of the disappearance had me invested enough to at least see what happened.  Literally, getting to the point where I thought surely the answers would be in the next chapter,  then the next, then the next, was like hitting a wall. Have not gone back to this book in months and frankly no longer care what happened.  The comparisons to Gone Girl are insulting, THAT is an amazing nail-biter of a book.  Read that instead.
Predictable, and not particularly interesting. Surprised it has lasted on the bestseller list for so long.
I thought it ridiculous; took so long to move plot forward, that I stopped putting any more time into it.
Other reviewers have stated my criticisms of this book far better than I so I'll keep it short. I didn't like this book and I fail to see what all the hoopla is about. It's not a bad premise for a good story but that's the only good thing I can think of about this book. The main character is a whining, annoying, alcoholic with absolutely no character or likability. The rest of the "crew" is equally disgusting and depressing as is the story as it unfolds.<br/><br/>I hated Gone Girl and I should have taken the warning when people said this book is in that warped, depressing, and to me, quite boring genre.<br/><br/>By the time I finished this mess of a book I needed a drink!
This was no Hitchcock mystery as some have said.  I was bored the entire book, but kept reading thinking that it would get better.  Very disappointing.  Don't waste your time or money on this one.
I don't understand all the raving reviews. The character development was vague and blurry. don't expect any minimalism here: "she took a sip of Gin, she took another sip and walks across the room. She takes another sip and sits down.. "I wanted to throw this book across the room a few times. The protagonist is pathetic and unlikable and all of the females are portrayed as weak. If you are expecting some huge mindphuc of a plot you will be disappointed. I have to add that there is nothing to intellectually gain or learn from this book. Just an endless stream of babble.
3.5 stars actually. I was a fan of Gone Girl and this book is structured similarly. The first half was really suspenseful but, just like with Gone Girl, I figured out about half way through who the real villain was. That takes some of the suspense and enjoyment out of the reading. Another issue I had  is that the entire narrative depends on the main character's frequent and complete alcoholic blackouts. Now granted I don't know much about alcoholic blackouts but they seemed a bit too convenient in terms of the narrative. In fact, without them, the entire plot wouldn't exist. So, in summary, if you liked Gone Girl you'll probably like this one just don't expect to be too surprised when the killer is revealed.
I picked up this book because it had an interesting premise, and as a general rule I like thrillers. However, I'm not sure that I can classify this book as a thriller. There's nothing particularly suspenseful about an alcoholic forgetting memories and people that are unfaithful to their spouses. Hawkins attempted diversions to the "dramatic" ending of the novel, but the weren't very interesting. There was nothing really to keep my reading other than the fact that I had already paid for the book and couldn't take it back. Nothing to keep you on the edge of your seat.
Only finished reading because I paid for it. Very hard to follow, would not recommend.
Interesting concept, but too much "filler" just to lengthen the book. Though there were supposed reasons why the main character acted the way she did, her actions made no sense. Without "spilling the beans", it was hard to feel any empathy. Even if someone is drunk, she would not follow the trail she did. Some of the other characters were not well fleshed out either, nor did their actions follow a reasonable course of events. They stepped in and out of character and it was hard to care anything about the lot of them. Read it if you must, but you will not be missing anything if you skip this one. Wait for it to be made into a "thriller" (!?!) movie...
This book made me feel like a child on Christmas morning eying the huge present with my name on it only to find socks and underwear inside.  I saw the many 5 star reviews on here and it was on the best seller list so I was pumped to read it.  The three women featured in this book are all pathetic in their own way and I didn't like any of them.  There was no strong male presence in the book, even the detective.  The author tipped off the ending halfway through the book.  This is money I can't get back and hours from my life wasted.  Bestseller or not, pass this one up.
I had a difficult time developing much interest in the frequent mental musings of the main character. difficult to distinguish what was "real" and what was being imagined. I was not interested in imagined plots and events and characters that she was constantly engaged detailing.<br/>for all I know the first half of the book was just a dream she wrote down.<br/>I picked it up again after a month with a fresh approach and the second half of the book is a bit better.<br/>I still haven't finished it and unsure whether I will have the interest or energy to try.
I really had to push myself to get into this novel. It was a tad confusing, until you realized three different women were speaking in different chapters, but that was never made clear. That made things muddled.  I really had to push myself to get into this novel. It was a tad confusing, until you realized three different women were speaking in different chapters, but that was never made clear. The whole novel was jerky like that, and did not flow well. All in all it was a creepy story, but I was glad when I was finally done with it. I can't say I recommend it at all.
It definitely holds your attention and is a page turner. But the women are so weakly portrayed.All 3 women are one-dimensional characters who see their value in society only with a man or child.Even the lead character's room mate the 4th woman in the book is identified as someone running after her boyfriend.<br/>Ordinary housewives definitely have more character and strength than what the women in this book are shown as. All are lusting for men and used and abused in some way by them.And still they dont make any bold choices to establish their independence.
This was a very well-written book, but the jumping back and forth between narrators was initially confusing, and didn't help to cement what I knew about the characters.  The other thing was that they switched times, too, so that added to the confusion.  AND, quite frankly, until the end, none of the characters, either main ones or secondary ones, were particularly attractive, so I didn't end up caring about them.  That is a death knell, in my opinion, and, despite it being well-done in a literate sense, I doubt if I would recommend it to anyone.
I would really like to give this a 3.5<br/>It was a really interesting story with twists and surprises.  I was engaged to the end, would probably read other books by this author ... But if a perfect 5 is the best book I've ever read, then a 4 needs to be those that come close.  While I enjoyed this there were many things that bothered me.  Mostly bad choices by the main character.  Mostly a kind of annoyance factor.  That said, without her poor choices there probably would be no story to tell!  I enjoyed the book enough to be glad I read it.
Hawkins' novel has a great premise and a promising start.  But then her story flatlines--the same dull events that go nowhere are repeated over and over.  I'm puzzled by the great number of good reviews--this novel is not in the same league as Gone Girl at all.  The most interesting part was some of Megan's background story, but that's about it.  The narrator's story isn't compelling and the ending didn't reveal anything surprising.  Books like this are why I've recently switched to nonfiction, after being a great fiction reader for years.
I didn't enjoy the start of this book and nearly put it down but because I didn't have anything else to read at the time I persevered and am glad I did. Whilst the whodunit side was fairly obvious by the third quarter of the book I was compelled to finish as I had finally found some empathy for the main character. I'm not sure I would bother reading one of her novels again but am not disappointed that I read this. The main issue for me was the dislikable main character who wasn't quite complex enough to be interesting either
I thought the book was terrible.  Can't understand how it became a big seller.
Chick-lit thrillers have become a guilty pleasure of mine, and this one satisfies. The writing is tidy and readable, and the plot is engaging. My main complaints: The "voices" of the three female narrators are indistinguishable from one another, and the male characters are two-dimensional and cartoonish. I imagine most readers are able to solve the mystery about 2/3 of the way in, which diminishes the excitement. And the climax where the villain explains the whole evil plot in detail is straight out of Scooby Doo!
The writing was engaging, and the plot moved along nicely. However, none of the characters were like-able, and because of that I found it impossible to really care what happened to any of them. Also, the meeting between Rachel and Anna that led to the final resolution seemed out of character for both of them, thus making the ending seem contrived. On the other hand, the characters were richly drawn, and the author did a good job of showing how people's lives can be intertwined. I would read another book by this author.
I don't really know what to say about this book.  I couldn't put it down, the story was gripping, and heart wrenching.  And yet I hated every character.  Rachel perhaps redeemed herself in the end but Anna, Megan, Scott and Tom....wouldn't want any of them in my life's story.  And yet perhaps that's the point and that on some level they are in all our lives.  The choices we make, the fears we have, our weaknesses and willingness to look the other way for love are all a part of this original descriptive story.  Fans of Gillian Flynn (which I am) will definitely want to read this book.
The book starts out a bit slow in the beginning and becomes a little tiresome switching between three different points of view of three different characters. Each character has a similar depressed viewpoint and the repetition begins to wear down on the desire to continue to read the book. The "twist" will most likely become obvious to most readers earlier than author may have intended which will make getting through to the end a chore. Despite the comparison by others, this book is nowhere near as good as Gone Girl.
I see why this book is a bestseller.  There is something authentic about it:  - the claustrophobic dysfunction everywhere you turn (so true of modern culture):  - alcoholism, walking around dazed, stupid. -trying to function in a fugue state. -the bad choices of most of the characters, and the difficulty at find out the Truth. It dragged on insanely until the very last few pages. I'm not even sure if the book was "about" the batty, alcoholic mind and imagination of the protagonist or her actual experiences.
THIS BOOK IS DREADFUL, REALLY, REALLY AWFUL. I HAVE AN IVY LEAGUE DEGREE IN ENGLISH, & THINK I AM A GOOD JUDGE OF LITERATURE. I NEVER GIVE UP ON A BOOK, AND KEPT THINKING I COULD FIGURE OUT HOW IT STAYED ON THE NYTIMES BEST SELLER LIST FOR SO LONG. IT IS A STORY POORLY TOLD, CHARACTERS WHO AREN'T CREDIBLE. & A SENSELESS PLOT. MY SISTER, A FORMER ENGLISH TEACHER, WARNED ME NOT TO BUY IT, AND I WISH I HAD SAVED MY MONEY. I WON'T EVEN LEND IT TO A FRIEND, BUT WILL DROP IT IN THE BOOK RETURN SLOT AT MY LOCAL LIBRARY.
This is a boringly slow story with mindless detail.  Best seller? Really?
Not sure what all the hype is about for this book.  Picked it up due to I like a good thriller and so many compared this to Hitchcock's classic (and my all time favorite film) Rear Window.  This is not even close.  Rather a dark, depressing story of a pathetically portrayed main character who is a divorced alcoholic who blacks out on a regular basis.  I supposed since my life has been personally touched by the horrors of alcohol addiction, I found this a horrid and hopeless waste of time.
A perfectly silly book about drinking too much and getting away with it!
I hate it when a 'buzzy' book turns out to be a tale of screwed up people in screwed up relationships. It's like watching a train wreck (no pun intended). You know it's going to be bad, and honestly, there was enough plot interest that I finished it. I did want to know who the killer was (but if I'm totally honest, I really just wanted to confirm that it was who I thought it was and for the reasons I suspected. It was). A beach book for the masses, and probably a movie at some point. Not a book I would recommend to any of my reader friends.
I consider this book the most over-rated best seller I have ever read!
Started it was not impressed with story line did not finish the book!
I absolutely despised every main character in this story. I finished it as I wanted to see if I was correct in the "who did it and ran".  I was and I had it pegged midway through the book.  A waste of time in retrospect and I am so glad it's over. Oh and about Rachel - She wins the award for the dumbest and most pathetic protagonist I've ever read about.  Ms. Hawkins needs to give all the women in her future novels a bit more credibility and likability.
What a sad comment on society that this highly depressing, dark and dysfunctional book has so many positive reviews!!  I bought it because I thought, heck 35,000 people??? but what a waste of time and money.  I actually started skimming toward the end as it was all so predictable and dull.  Good writer but too bad the focus was so dark and unbelievable.  really, people are more gray and multi layered then what is depicted.  Don't waste your money or your time.
An avid reader, I usually consume fifty or more books a year.  Probably the worst book I have ever read, this novel had completely unsympathetic characters, not one of whom exhibited any redeeming qualities whatsoever. Additionally, the plot was contrived, almost dishonest in its attempts to be misleading; it was depressing in the extreme and utterly devoid of any positive aspects. Although I did read Gone Girl, which was much better written, I do hope this
The plot is thin and all problems are solved when the main character's blackout memory gap suddenly resolves itself . . . despite the author's repeated warnings throughout the book that this is not how blackouts work. But it doesn't matter. By the end you don't care who dies or who survives because the characters are so ridiculously unlikable. Spoiler alert: Don't bother pushing through to the end under the assumption that it has to get better. It does not.
What a waste of time.  This book is getting lots of attention while it should be ignored.  I should have put it down when 4D (Drunk, Depressed, Ditzy, Destructive) protagonist continues haranguing the ex-husband.  This one is hard to stomach, 4D has no clue as to her ex's character?  She goes to work for months after being fired? 4D can't remember what she did while drinking but later in the book does.  The only cheat the author didn't succumb to is magic.
I just hate this!  A book so bleak, so frustrating, so downright sad, you want to close your kindle, shred your library card, demand your money back from the bookseller.  You can't.  The subject, the secrets, the tight, close to the bone writing style, grab you by the throat and insist that you read to the last brilliant word.<br/>Paula Hawkins.  Miss, Ms or Mrs.  Next time.  Give me bunnies, butterflies, balloons and blossoms.  Don't hurt my heart again.
This novel, that has received high praise judging from its inclusion on best seller lists, I found to be thin.  Female characters were nearly indistinguishable , the chapters devoted to one major character at a time was head-shaking...  now, WHAT was the point of this chapter?  Now, wait a minute:  didn't she (wrong she) say "X" in another chapter?  I just plain didn't connect with any character.  The conceit was worthy but unfulfilled.
I had high hopes since its been on the best seller list for so long.  How disappointing that the book is so boring and predictable.  I had the killer figured out before the midway point.  Not an interesting read in the slightest.  One dimensional characters, thin plot lines, no suspense, slow moving, and crazy British slang make for an awful waste of time.  I don't understand the hype behind this piece of garbage.  Don't bother with this one.
What an over hyped book this is!!  I'm sorry but Hawkins is simply not a good enough writer to carry off three Distinctly different first person interwoven narratives. Not even close! All three women sound alike, and that's not just because they are all eminently unlikable.  It's because Hawkins isn't adept enough. Maybe she will be one day. But then again, this is hardly literary and she's probably laughing all the way to the bank!!
So this book is continuously compared to Gone Girl. Is it because much of the idea was copied with the missing woman and psycho characters all with deep problems, none of them likeable, none provoking any sympathy from me even at the end. This book wasted my time and took longer to read than usual because I just didn't care what happened to these people. If the book had not been chosen by my book group, I would not have finished.
While I admittedly have a low bar on much crime/suspense fiction, this may be the most overhyped fiction of my recent experience. There was not an interesting character among the self pitying, self destructive cast of this book who, when faced with a set of choices, always made the wrong one. I was often tempted to toss this book aside mid-stream but did not, somehow hoping there was something I was missing. Alas, there was not.
This was one of the worst books I have read in a long time -- boring. I was bored reading about a drunk all the way through. I let two others borrow this book and they felt the same way, which is ununusual because we always disagree on the books. A book like this will make me a fan of the Library -- where I could have returned it without finishing. I already paid for it on my Kindle so I had to finish .... what a waste of time.
To disjointed seems to hop from one to the other with no reason
This is the worst book I have ever read.  While the premise is good, the build up lasts for 95% of the book so you wandering around with the most pathetic main character imaginable.  I truly do not understand the hype behind this book.  I didn't make it very far reading the book before I gave up.  I then forced myself to listen to the book on tape while driving to work.  It would have been much better to be half as many pages.
I found the book okay but nothing special.  Disliked the idea that the main character was in some type of stupor due to alcohol in the entire book so it made the entire story somewhat boring.  I prefer my main characters to be in full command of their senses and have a little more realistic goals and have a stronger character. Nevertheless, it was okay but perhaps my gender had something to do about my analysis of it. Uper
Book seemed slow at the start, so I just couldn't get into it.
The story is totally overblown. Not one character is remotely likeable. The writer does draw you in at the beginning but by the last third of the book it becomes impossible to suspend one's disbelief. How did this book get on the NYT best seller list? Probably because of book clubs. That is the only reason I read the book. What a waste of precious time. I will make similar comments when the book club meets in August.
My expectations where not met when reading this book.  I found it slow moving and not very suspenseful.  Sarah s poor me pity me attitude was monotonous and tiring.  However, Hawkins did capture the alcohol attitude and behavior making most of Sarah's actions believable and predictable.  Sarah did have to be commended for her persistence to fill in the blanks of her black out.  Well the mystery/murder got solved.
This book is so over rated. I am sorry I took the time to read it. Wonder who got paid a bundle to give it good reviews.I was so disappointed.<br/>It is boring,,drags on and one will almost guess the end. It is like you are reading over and over someones day dreams, ugh!!!!<br/> I kept waiting for it to get better and it never did. This is on m y list of one of the worst written and suspenseful books written.
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN IS WILDLY OVER-HYPED...  It is so boring, confusing, like listening to three psycho women jabber...  What is with all these exaggerated positive reviews?  I think a lot of critics love a book about screwed-up, alcoholic, boring women wading through some existential nightmare...  I'm forcing myself to read on through this piece of garbage...  The writer should stick to journalism...
I have to say I got sucked in after all the 5s reviews, but I just can't believe we read the same book.<br/>It is incredibly slow, the characters are: flat, stereotypical, non likable, and just so dumb I felt like shaking them.<br/>I would have rated it 2 stars, except for the fact that somewhere around the last 50-75 pages It finally felt interesting.<br/>Still, don't get what all the hype is about.
It's hard to like a book when you dislike all the main characters.  I wanted to like this book.  However, all of the main characters were horrible people, and,  in the end, I didn't care what happened to them because whatever horrible things happened to them they deserved 10 fold. I truly can't imagine why it's getting such good reviews.  I do think it might make a better movie than a book, though.
I was annoyed with the reviewer who convnced me to buy this book. I had been snowed in and really needed a mystery to lose myself in. Instead I found myself trapped with a needy, drunk-dialing, weepy bore. The only mystery to me was the extraordinary patience of her landlady/roommate, who otherwise showed all the richness of character I expect in my plot points--i.e., none.<br/><br/>Now, seeing all the accumlated stars I wonder what I missed. Just not my cup of gin I guess.
Are you kidding -a best seller?  I made three mistakes on the book; I did not read the Amazon reviews, I bought the book and I read it! I regret losing the money, but really POed I spent the time reading, thinking it would get better - it didn't.  With exception of the police and the baby, the characters all should have been institutionalized.  Message to buyers - Read the reviews!<br/>Cop Shop
This book has been recommended to me from my kindle and is on reader's lists and NY best sweller.  However, I found the characters annoying and the exciting part of the book was the last few pages!  I love to read and like to be entertained by the story.  This was not the case.  The characters were far from flawed, they were a mess!  Wouldn't recommend this book if you like an interesting story.
Hated it. I couldn't read more than a few chapters. Boring
I give this book three stars because in the end it was well written and I was entertained. However, I found the story to be predictable and after a while the three main characters bored me - yes it's a story full of murder, sex and intrigue ... but it's really just about a bunch of selfish women who don't care how their actions effect others. Eh. I did feel for the main character Rachel though.
This book should be assigned reading for every course and seminar on domestic violence. Seldom have I seen a better description of the slow, dawning awareness that a relationship is abusive, and that the abuser relies on mystification and confusion to create doubt about reality. Here, the emphasis is not  on the cycle of violence but on the distortions of reality in the victim that sustain it.
Good mystery, but slow in developing.  Could have used some better editing.  The first-person style of not just one character, but of the three main female characters made it hard to follow as their styles were similar.  Would have been better told in third person.  This might be a book that is better as a movie than as a book. In fact, with the limited geography, it could be done as a play.
This is one of the most boring, unbelievable books I have ever wasted money on.  Forced myself to keep reading about 1/3 through the book and then completely deleted it from my Kindle.  Characters totally unbelievable, story plot (if there is a plot) utterly useless, seldom do I read a book that I can't find some good in - this is the exception.  A total and absolute waste of money and time.
I would give it 3.5 stars if possible. There is no denying the book is a page turner.  Whether it i from watching too many crimes dramas or I missed my calling as a detective, my early on hunch proved correct.  That said while the characters are developed, not one of them had any redeeming qualities that made me connect to sympathize with or empathize.  Still and all an entertaining read.
three separate stories,, and no clear "good" guy.
This book has a simple plot with with boilerplate writing about colorless, vapid characters; there is nothing clever or unique about any aspect of it.  I got bored and skeptical early on but continued to read it since five people I know loved it.  As for myself, I do not know how a book so dull and unimaginative could possibly be considererd a "thriller" and end up a best seller.
The most interesting aspect of this book was its portrayal of alcoholism - its causes and its costs.  It is interesting that another recent novel "Elizabeth is Missing" also has an investigator undermined by a disability, in her case dementia.  Perhaps its a trend!  I found the male characters a bit unreal and the rhythm of events a bit sleepy making but it was a clever idea..
I couldn't finish this one and boy did I try! It started out very well with an intriguing premise and main character. But then of course it started jumping around from first to second to third person and the story became way too complex than it deserved to be. This was a Gone Girl wanna be and I didn't care for it. Maybe one day I'll get around to finishing it.
This book is a huge disappointment. I have no idea ow it got rave reviews in print. Written in a stream of consciousness style Rachel the main character"  the girl" is a self pitying whiner who continues to drink and ruminate on her fantasies. Other characters are similar : shallow. Supposedly a surprise ending redeems all<br/> I don't think so.<br/>he girl"
I've been trying to read this book, but it is oddly written. A friend gave this book to me, thinking I would like it. To my surprise, while listening to Dana Perino on The Five, she said, "If you purchased this book, you may have a book with the wrong title." Could it be true that the real novel worthy of reading is actually "Girl On A Train"?
I only read this book because it was so highly rated, and my Kindle kept telling me I would like it, but I didn't. At all. The story and characters were so unrealistic, unnecessary sub-plots were left unanswered which made them all the more irritating, and the ending was simply ridiculous. I would have given more stars had the ending been slightly believable.
Very disappointed. This book does not live up to its hype and I am sorry I wasted my money.  Confusing...I felt like I needed to take notes or have Cliff Notes to keep up. Not for pleasure reading at all.  My first by this author and I understand this is a new genre for her, hopefully she goes back to something better. Perhaps listening to it would be better.
Terrible story, terrible characters, and just plain awful. I didn't care about anyone and didn't care what happened. I don't know how this book got on any best seller's list. I kept hoping it would get better. Ugh. I just can't recommend this book to anyone and I'm not sure I want to give it away because I don't want anyone to know I read it. Save your money.
This is a first rate mystery using a kind of Gone Girl literary manipulation to produce a most satisfying page turner. It sure beats the bulk of tired products in this genre featuring boring police procedure, Scandinavian homocide detectives nearing retirement, crime scene nonsense, amateur female detectives, or a way to make some uninteresting place in the world seem more interesting. This one is fun to read.
I definitely was duped here. When the title is something as creative as "The Girl on the Train" its really my fault for thinking that it would be interesting in any way. It starts off very slowly and you keep thinking that it will pick up at some point, but it takes so long that when it actually does get going you are well past the point of caring.
The biggest mystery of this story is how in the world it even made the best seller's list, let alone has risen to #1. I rarely drop a book after reading it partially, but this is an exception. I managed 30% and gave up. The alcoholic fears and ramblings of the two women in the story are of no interest to me. Sorry, but no redeeming features are found here.
I found this completely unsuspenseful and boring. I love a good thriller but this is not it. Nothing *happens* almost the entirety of the book, and when the "reveal" comes, there is nothing that leads up to it. Very poor character and story development. I still can't believe that this was the biggest book of the summer. Not what I expected at all.
The 3 main characters are whining and annoying.  I didn't care what happened to any of them.  It's a very fast read, which was a good thing because I just wanted it to end.  I kept reading because I did want to find out how they end up.  I will say the ending was exciting, and not what I was expecting.  But I really don't recommend this book.
I'm guessing the author's goal was to write a book that was ugly and  filled with depraved characters since that is what's so popular now -- and that goal was met.  After reading this book, I felt like I needed a hot, soapy bath for my brain.  If you want to read a filthy book that has little suspense and no true heroes then this is for you.
I had high hopes for this highly praised novel....alas it was tedious and overly descriptive of alcoholism which has been done to boring death. I just couldn't get into this book and finished it all the while waiting for it to get good...it did on the last page..."it was over"..<br/><br/>It felt like something written in the 80's...<br/><br/>There's nothing more to say.....
Why would someone get involved in someone else's life that they don't know at all? The characters are all over the place and very static. All the characters have character flaws which makes them seem real but they are not likeable characters. Overall, a very well written book but at the end of the day a story that doesn't seem believable.
I was looking forward to reading this book because of all the great reviews but what a waste of time. The time jumps/different character chapters are annoying. I never really cared about any of the characters. I figured out who did it early on. The "train" doesn't really have anything to with the story either. Trite and typical.
I was so disappointed.  I thought this was a wretched book.  It is slow, repetitious, uninteresting - the characters aren't likeable - it drags on and<br/>on until finally things begin to happen and we get to an ending - yes, there is a bit of a twist, but by then you really don't care - you just want it<br/>to be over.  Depressing!
Started out rather interesting, but soon became a bit of a slog to finish.  The primary character was just too unlikable and I quickly stopped caring about what was going on.  This is one of those books that appears to be very popular, probably among a crowd not used to truly good writing.  There are SO many better books out there.
After reading rave reviews for this book I thought I might as well read it. I guessed the killer half way through this book. I didn't like how the author made Rachel seem like some drunk,  fat, loser. The beginning was kind of slow then half way through it reads fast. It was an ok book nothing to write home about or spend money on.
Hawkins doesnâ€™t need another review and so all Iâ€™ll say is that if youâ€™re looking for a page turner, if youâ€™re looking to understand the power of alcoholism and emotional abuse, if you like chapters which end with a twist that keep you up at night saying Iâ€™ll just read one more chapter then read The Girl on The Train. It wonâ€™t disappoint.
Disappointing. It felt like the author was trying too hard to be suspenseful and thrilling. It shouldn't be compared to "Gone Girl" because readers would expect a lot. If you're a love of suspenseful mystery thrillers, this is NOT recommended. I figured out the entire plot line once one of the characters narration came in.
slow, boring, don't understand the good reviews.
I felt this book and story line were tedious.  I became very bored and aggravated with the constant description of the main character's alcoholism.  I realize it was integral to the plot, but it became a character in the storyline.  If a person can wade through the first three quarters of the book, the last quarter is excellent.
This was a very dark story with a cast of dysfunctional people, each worse than the last.  Although it ends on a positive light, I didn't really like any of the characters and didn't care much what happened to them.  This book has been compared with Gone Girl, but I found that one much more engaging than The Girl on the Train.
I honestly do not know what the "hoopla" is about this book....I have never disliked a major character so much. I had the plot figured out by the fourth or fifth chapter and almost stopped reading the book (which I NEVER do!). I just hoped that the conclusion would surprise or at least inspire me...it did neither...
Amazing book, crappy ending. I finished this book in 2 days. I couldn't put it down but the ending left me perplexed. The characters are all jerks. The story is great, it just felt like the ending was rushed and that last line. Really??  I would suggest it because it is a good read, just not what I thought it would be!!!
I was really taken in by the story at first. Then it devolved into repetitivness and absurdity.  How many times did Rachel she have to say she was shameful/embarrassed/remorseful that she had gotten drunk? The last scenario with Anna was laughable.....the angry,fearful wife sitting down with "the ex" to talk. Pitiful.
Repetitive & predictable , life's too short !!
Looks like I'm against the tide here. I found it utterly boring.  I got tired of the main character's repeated reports of her drinking and its effects, and her whining about her life.  Skipped several paragraphs.  I love mysteries, but this was annoying to read.  Yes I turned the pages quickly, but just to skip them.
Disappointing after all the raves on this one.  Writing style of jumping from one character to another over diff time spans was unpleasant and unnatural enough, then the sad accounting of the alcoholic heroine and reverie of misfit acquaintances was troubling, not informative,nor emotive, nor mysteriously appealing.
I thought I would enjoy this book because of all the positive reviews. However, I did not. It was very confusing and boring. It was hard to keep track of the characters because each chapter jumped from character to character.  It took me about a month to read this book when I can usually read a book in a few days.
I love to read so I was curious to read this book because of the positive ratings and reviews. I even had a friend recommend this book. I found this book hard to get into although I read it to the end. The main character was annoying, the reading slow and confusing at times and just not a book I found interesting.
It takes a long time to get the feel for this book. I was over half way through before I had untangled all the names and the way the time line jumps about.<br/>The multi-voiced narrative doesn't help.<br/>None of the characters made an impression on me and I wasn't too bothered who the murderer turned out to be.
Our book clubs 'biggest surprise' was that this made the best sellers list at all.  The characters had no depth to them.  The story was a bit confusing and dull.  What a disappointment!  (We printed the publishers 'questions' for book club and wondered what book they read because it could not have been this one!)
The book was very tedious and mediocre.  I couldn't wait for it to end. I don't see how it was such a number one bestseller for such a long time. I am an avid reader and this book was not a better book for sure. That said a lot of people loved the book.My book club not particularly. Half loved it half didn't.
Easy to read, easy to forget. I was excited to read this book, which had been compared to Gone Girl. It was a fast read, but the characters are so unsympathetic I didn't really care what happened to them. There were many implausible things that happened, and everybody was a liar. Wish I hadn't wasted my time.
I can't understand why everyone is talking about this  book.  I was on hold 3 months at library to get it thu  Overdrive, I was so disappointed in it,  Wanted to quit reading many times, but thought there must be something that everyone talks about.<br/>It is probably one of the worst books I have aver read
I am an avid reader and was excited to purchase this book (after reading so many great reviews).  This book was boring and the storyline was just disappointing to me!  The alcoholic first wife, the new wife, the neighbor wife..too many wives!  Would not recommend this to someone that likes fast paced books!
This book could have been condensed in half. All I got out of it was this girl Rachel got drunk everyday because her ex married someone because he also was sick of her drinking. The plot and ending were not surprising--it just took forever to get to the ending because it detoured so much between characters.
This book was not a page turner, as advertised for me. Maybe it was not my style of book.  However, I could not connect with any of the characters.  I also found the format difficult to follow.  I know this seems to be a popular way of book writing these days, but it just didn't  work for me with this read.
The book is poorly written.  It moves from one character speaking to another and all the characters spark in the same voice.  The last third of the book becomes more interesting, but I knew who the murderer was by about half way through.  I read it for my book club.  If you don,t have to read it, skip it.
I was very disappointed. I read the reviews and thought from the ratings this was a safe bet. After completing the long and dreary story I felt the reviewers who believed this to be a great thriller really haven't read one. Sorry, but this story did nothing for me except wear me out. Very repetitive...
I was looking forward to this book, highly recommended.  I found the women to be portrayed as weak, crazy and lusting for men who were obnoxious and controlling. Even the therapist was of poor character.  The storyline picked up near the end, but wasn't enough to compensate for the stereotypical roles.
I found the book to be very dark and depressing and I didn't like any of the characters.  Was a slow painful read for me, but having said that I think this would make a great movie.  Many of my friends had read this before me, and I had mixed reviews so I wanted to see what everyone was talking about.
Nothing much to this book or the characters. Heavy drinking, lying, cheating, blackouts. That's about it. I guessed who the murderer was very early in the story. Who else would it be? The female characters are all pitiful victims. There are 2 abusive male characters. I'm glad this book is over. Yuck!
I don't understand why everyone is raving about this book. I thought I was starting to read some great fast paced book with a twist , but really it's a very slow read, mostly in the perspective of a sad lonely alcoholic. Nothing eventful happens until near the end, and even then it is disappointing.
I dont get the hooplah...this is written in a very simplistic style, and its just not that compelling.  Furthermore, the plot is just untenable.  The comparisons to gone girl are undeserved.  While that was no masterwork either, it was much, much better than this book.  I was very disappointed.
I wish I hadnt wasted my time purchasing this. I found it to be very slow moving. Waste of reading time to be honest, for a book that is so acclaimed. There are much better reads. P.S. Any reader would figure out who the killer was from midway through the novel. Underwhelming to put it nicely.
There was way too much going on in the book. The author's writing is poor, and the book has too much going on. You do not get to the main point of the book until the last chapter of the book. It is hard to catch onto, and it just drags out.<br/><br/>I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Be smart and ask any of this novel's legions of faithful for a summary.  Drink some alcohol as you listen to wash out the disbelieving contempt you'll taste as the nattering doesn't, well, seem to go anywhere.  Bad book; stupid denouement, .  I advise Rebecca Scherm's Unbecoming.  That is all.
I read when I go to bed and this one put me right out.  The book starts very slowly, but I kept reading trying to understand how riding back and forth on a train could develop into a story.  Very dark characters that are difficult to identify with.  I finished it, but was less than satisfied.
Too weird for my taste in novels. There is great character development & detail, but it is all so bizarre. The entire book is sad, depressing & gloomy.  It rains all the time.  There is never hope. Most of the novel is unbelievable. I had a hard time imagining that this could actually happen.
Terrible. Predictable, who-cares whodunit.
Terrible book, not worth the time to read.
The book dragged. I wanted to stop reading it, but friend had read it and told me it would pick up and it had a good ending. It did pick up but not until like the last 4 chapters and i had already figure it out by then . I wouldn't read another book by this author or recommend it to anyone .
Maybe because I read this on my kindle it took me a little bit to get use to the style of writing. with each chapter being titled by the women that was speaking. so i did not care for that. Then it seemed to drag on. just too long before the last 1/4 of the book. just not a favorite of mine.
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN.....A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT FOR ME<br/><br/>A huge disappointment. The whole book is A REALITY SHOW -- as simple as it can get. The protagonist lurches from one drunken<br/>bout to the next and her endless musings about another bottle of wine wore me out.....could not finish it.
I didn't realize that there were 2 main characters until 20% done--I decided this was not a novel to read on the Kindle. There's no easy way to go back to check how the novel is set up, chapter heads, etc.  I found that going back and forth between 2 similar characters was confusing to me.
I was not able to like one character in this dark dark dark yet compelling story.  My only choice was to finish the book as I was certainly curious to finalize who the killer was.  A psychological thriller with characters that I hope to never meet!  I very much enjoyed the author,s style of writing.
I'd not recommend it unless you're a big fan of shows like "Snapped". Just a very hollow read, in my opinion, with nothing terribly fresh to offer. Also a very tiresome and cynical view of women. Two stars, but only because it kept me curious about how the author would tie up loose ends.
While it had a certain intrigue about it, it was not a very interesting story. I didn't feel that I was enriched in any way by reading it and I kept wondering why I was continuing to read it. I would not recommend it. It is what I consider an airport or beach book! Just passes the time.
I was so disappointed because the reviews were good. Have just come back from a Book Club meeting an everyone had the same opinion. It really made no sense. This is he first time in years I did not complete a book I had downloaded. Would give it no recommendation at all.
I know I was supposed to enjoy this book, but I did not. It took me over two months to work thru the first 80% bc it was just too slow, finally I got hooked and finished the last 20% in one night. It was the first book I considered quitting, but I'm glad I stuck it out.
For a book to be on a best seller list for so many weeks,  I had hopes of more entertainment. Instead it was confusing, and dull to say nothing of boring. I predicted the killer from the get-go and was not disappointed. Not a great read at all. Try another 'train' book.
There wasn't a redeeming character among them. I hated all the characters and thought the women were all crazy.  Reading this was like walking around a bomb scene and wondering what happened. Curiosity pushed me to finish when my mind wanted to slap the the book closed.
Personally not a favorite of mine.<br/>Moves slowly and poor writing style.<br/>The story is just seeks to be a cheap thrill. Lacks deeper meaning and character development.<br/>I mean really, I've read twilight and that was written 3x better than this. This was just plain awful.
Possibly the worst book ive attempted to read.  I tried to read this book and could not at all get into it.  Boring, redundant, hard to follow.  Returned after a few chapters. It was very hard to keep up with the characters and what the characters were talking about.
Stupid book stupid story poorly written…last time I buy a book because it is a best seller….a four paragraph idea dragged out interminably….just terrible….author & publisher must have a great deal to their PR agency to get his turkey on the"best Seller" list….
I just really felt like it tood forever to get to the point and some of the details at the end just didn't make sense. I was interesting and I did stay up till 2AM to finish... I'm just not sure I'd recommend it. I felt like I was in the mind of totally crazy people!
This book is readable but the story line seems like a pitiful attempt at Gone Girl set  in the UK. The author tries desperately to pull things together at the end to make you believe she was setting up for this ridiculous ending all along. Just an awful book, really.
The flow of the book was choppy and somewhat hard to follow.  The characters were not conducive to empathy.  However in defense of the author, maybe this is the what she wants.  The last third of the book was was a page turner.  The ending however was not unexpected.
Not my kind of read.  To slowWWW!  Did not like the back and forward. Hard to keep straight.  The ending was not even GREAT.  Don't know how it was on the best list for that long.  That is what sold me.  Would not do that again.  But that is me.  You may enjoy.
Very boring start, depressing dialog, it almost seemed like we were repeating the same situation on every page. A glimpse of a possibly interesting character that fizzled out. It must have been me because it's been on the NY Times bestseller list for months. I
I did not get past 50 pages when I realized this was not my type of book!!!  In fact, it was the worst book beginning I had ever experienced!!  I asked myself how this came to be on top book ratings??!  Betty Di Mare  I really did not want to put one star.....
Still can not get through this book!  It has been 6 weeks!  I cringe when I read it...so disjointed and disappointing... NOT interesting and just the story of another alcoholic battling. demons.... VERY BORING!  Wish I'd bought it on Amazon..I would return it!
Although this book was a page turn er, it was grim.  Sad tales of dysfunctional people.  Several times I wondered why I kept on reading this book, yet I wanted to find out what happened!  Now that I'm done, I'm glad and I can move on to a more positive novel.
First half of the book was slow moving. The main character, Rachel, seems to either always be drunk or thinking about getting drunk. I din not enjoy this. However, it did pick up a bit in the last third of the book but the basic story did not seem realistic.
Being a thriller the book was captivating but the ending went so wrong. I didn't like the character development which is fine, it still would have been a good book anyway if the end didn't turn into a terrible B list horror film full of cringe worthy lines.
There isn't one likable main character in this book. Each one is depicted as desperate, insecure, jealous and man/baby obsessed. SPOILER: I thought the ending was funny though; killing with a corkscrew ha-ha! Perfect weapon of choice for the alcoholic wino!
This is a story of two neurotic  women, back and forth. The story could been told in about 25 pages instead of repeating and repeating.<br/>I finished it  because I paid 6.99 for it and did not want to feel I wasted that much money.  But I felt that way anyway,
An interesting, unusual plot.  However, the story is so very slow!  The beginning of the book is quite confusing; it was hard for me to follow the characters and remember who was who.  It was just "okay" for me.  I kind of got tired of reading it.
I cannot imagine why this has been #1 on the best-seller list because it was quite sophomoric!  I finished it because that is my habit, but then I wondered why did I waste my time with undeveloped characters, and very pure descriptions throughout.  Sorry.
I only finished this book because it was the first book of a newly formed book club. I must admit that most of the club liked it, but not I. I didn't like a single character. I didn't care what happened to any of them. I was not intrigued or entertained.
I've seen this novel compared to Gone Girl, and I can see why, but I don't think they are in the same class. The story line of this book is compelling, but I did not find the execution  to be as well done as Gone Girl. A decent read, but not a great one.
This is one of the best books I have read all year! Keeps you on your toes and makes you want to find the killer just as bad as the girl on the train. Fantastic read and definitely a shocker at the ending when you find out just who the killer really is!
I so wish I could get my money back. I wasted dollars and time on this silly, poorly written endeavor.  So irritated that I got suckered by marketing and positive reviews by people who obviously can't distinguish good stories from cheap trash. Just ugh.
It began a bit slow. The focus on her past life and her alcoholism was excessive, but the story line was interesting. Was surprised at all the hype as an extraordinary new novel, I guessed the killer 1/2 way in and wasn't overly surprised at the ending.
I tried three different times to get into this book and I found it tedious with a boring plot.  In addition, it takes place in England and I really steer clear of book happening in some place besides the United States.  I would not recommend this book.
Being strapped to a chair for hours and forced to watch abandoned and abused puppies staring sadly out of cages while Sara MacLaughlin sings Arms of The Angel would be a cheerful experience by comparison.  But the twists and turns made for a good read.
I keep reading that we MUST read this book and it's on the best seller lists.  I just didn't get that.  I thought the characters were stupid,shallow and not to be believed.  It just was something that disappointed me from the get-go.  A waste of money.
This book is convoluted and extremely difficult to follow since it constantly changes point of view. Also, it is poorly edited allowing glaring sentence structure errors, such as fragments. i cannot recommend it either since it is really very trashy..
"The Girl On The Train" by Paula Hawkins is set in England and follows Rachel Watson--a middle-aged alcoholic with a broken heart who takes the train every day to London and notices a happy-looking couple who live at one of the stops. She nicknames the Jess and Jason, and gazes out the window at them every time the train reaches their spot - being secretly jealous of their seemingly idyllic relationship, while nursing her own broken heart for Tom, a man who has since re-married and had one child with Anna, his new wife, and who incidentally live close by to Jess and Jason. Soon, however, Rachel learns that everything is not as it seems--when she spies Jess kissing another man, and soon after learns of her disappearance. Rachel eventually learns that Jess's and Jason's real names are Megan and Scott, and becomes obsessed with solving Megan's disappearance.<br/><br/>The story is told from the point of view of Rachel, flash-backs from Megan (prior to her disappearance), and Anna--Rachel's beloved ex's current wife. All three are complicated characters--especially Rachel, who is full of self-loathing and disappointment at the sudden interruption of her imagined fairy tale of what a happy couple's life would look like, while being unable to get over her breakup with Tom and his new life without her. On one of the days, Rachel takes the train, sees a man, blacks out, and comes to with a mysterious bump on her head--blacking out on all of the day's events. Interestingly this happens to be at the same time as Megan disappears. So Rachel's narration of the events is filled with this big black hole. So is Megan's--as while we learn about the events leading up to her disappearance, it remains unclear what caused it. And then there's Anna's narration--which reveals she has a dark side to her as well. Ultimately, this story turns into a "who can we trust" as it increasingly seems that the answer is no one--as the web of events shaping the mystery keeps getting tighter. Rachel loves Tom who loves Anna who hires Megan as a babysitter for their child, while Megan is married to Scott but is not the ideal wife she pretends to be.<br/><br/>Ultimately, this story is shaped as a "whodunit," but goes a lot deeper than that. This thriller touches upon many themes, including obsessive love, cheating, stalking, alcoholism, mid-life crisis, domestic violence, jealousy, hatred, and deceit among many others. At its core, this is a very dark story, with strong characters set against the backdrop of the disappearance of one of the central characters, a quest to solve the disappearance and get her old life back from another, as well as a goal to get rid of her husband's harasser once and for all from the third. Overall, I thought it was a dark and engaging mystery.
Loved it! My daughter and I have talked about how much she loves an unreliable narrator and Rachel is definitely in that category.<br/><br/>Rachel takes the commuter train every day at the same time. As she passes a certain house, she fantasizes about the couple that lives there. She names the woman Jess and the man Jason. In her mind, they are the perfect couple who are artsy and so in love. They also live a few houses down from her old house, the house where Rachel's ex-husband Tom lives with his new wife (ex-mistress) and baby. Rachel tries not to look at her house and live in the fantasy of her couple. Rachel has her struggles. She's riding a train every day because she doesn't want to tell her friend and landlord that she's lost her job. She's lost her job because of drinking. Rachel has become an alcoholic, yet another reason why we find fault in her narration. She calls her ex at all hours, even has shown up at their house. Tom seems to placate her while Anna wants her gone.<br/><br/>Rachel's life goes on exactly the same everyday until Jess (real name Megan) goes missing. Rachel knows she saw her kissing another man the day before she went missing. She also remembers patches of being in the area but doesn't remember what happened that night. Why was her head bloodied? Does she know what happened?<br/><br/>We also get chapters written in Megan's point of view. Megan is not the perfect woman that Rachel has made up in her mind and as her story unfolds, you get more and more wrapped up into what happened to her and how it has anything to do with Rachel.<br/><br/>I could not put this one down! I read until one in the morning, until the Kindle died and I couldn't read any further. This is a book that I had read a lot of hype about and I usually am disappointed in those books but not this time. Definitely not this time. There is great suspense and I was rather proud of myself when a conversation between a couple led me to know who the killer was before the end reveal. And that didn't take anything at all away from the ending.
I am a people-watcher. I find it very entertaining to watch people as they go on with their everyday, mundane tasks. I think a lot of people do this. The Girl on the Train explores this practice and what can happen if you take it much too far. Rachel is struggling to keep her head above water after her husband leaves her for another woman, and she loses her job because of her alcohol problem. In order to avoid having to tell her roommate that she has lost her job, Rachel continues taking the commuter train into London every day, where she people-watches and drinks excessively. Every day on the train, she passes by the street where she shared a home with her ex-husband, and sees a couple just a few doors down that she becomes enthralled with. She imagines their perfect life and love, all from her seat on the train. But one morning she sees something at their home that shocks her and crushes her fantasy of their perfect life; and the next day the wife (Megan) disappears.<br/><br/>Because of her drinking problem, Rachel often has blackouts. She begins having flashbacks to the night that Megan went missing, and realizes that she was in their neighborhood on the night of the crime. As she tries to put the pieces together, she begins entangling herself in the investigation. And everyone, including herself, seems capable of doing harm to Megan.<br/><br/>I’m not exaggerating in the slightest when I say that this is one of the best psychological thrillers that I have ever read. I absolutely did not want to put it down. This book contained three very, very flawed narrators (Rachel – the girl on the train; Anna – “the other woman”, now married to Rachel’s ex; and Megan – the girl who has disappeared without a trace), who were all at times intensely unlikable, and yet I felt sympathetic towards each of them. As all of the pieces of the mystery kept coming together, I really did not know who possibly could have been responsible for Megan’s disappearance. And my theory on “whodunnit” changed about a dozen times throughout the course of the book, all leading up to the shocking and satisfying conclusion. I cannot recommend this book highly enough.
This book started off good, but I ended up not even finishing the book as it just died out for me...the main character has a drinking problem and she goes round and round trying to stop....that seems to be more of the story than the actual mystery.
Much of Hawkins's thriller makes for a good page turner. But too much of it, unfortunately, lulls you into a soporific state. Had she sliced out at least thirty pages, the otherwise engaging story would have moved at a pace that makes for a really good page turner, not one that you want to jump to the end of it and be done with while your eyes remain open.<br/><br/>Which is the other weakness: a disappointing conclusion that is overly wordy, pitifully unrealistic (for a novel playing with realistic psychological problems), and entirely predictable, despite some red herrings strewn about the neighborhood.<br/><br/>However, there is much to admire about Hawkins's effort, and these are good reasons to read the novel. She has a nice, clear style that is both understated and readable. Personally, I enjoyed how she organized the tale, by parts of the day, and how he worked one narrator's version in the past to catch up with the other, the girl in question, Rachel's, in the present. This adds intrigue while compelling the reader along.<br/><br/>But even more, Hawkins does a terrific job rendering Rachel's broken psyche, fractured by alcohol, self-doubt, low self worth, and psychological abuse. This is what makes the novel and probably what propelled it to the top of bestseller lists. Hawkins's treatment is the best reason to read the novel.<br/><br/>Which is why, even though I expressed some (serious) reservations, I can still recommend it and give it four stars. Because the way she handles and conveys Rachel's distress is worth your reading time. And because I believe many will identify with at least one of Rachel's issues, perhaps more. Just, if the ending had been more in keeping with the novel it caps.
I guess there is a new genre of book out there, the amnesia thriller, in which the protagonist blacks out – in this case because she’s super drunk – and may or may not have murdered someone.  You know, typical Friday night.  Anyway, this being called the potential next “Gone Girl,” (not quite) you know you’re in for a twist.  I’m no Sherlock Holmes and I guessed this twist from the start; even though the plausibility of the twist bends believability at best.<br/><br/>For me, this was no Gone Girl.  I didn’t have a moment of, “OMG NO WAY THAT DID NOT JUST HAPPEN.” In fact, I remember exactly where I was (lounging in the pool thank you very much) when I flipped that page and saw that Amy had planned that whole thing to frame Nick for her murder in GG.  This book does have a saving grace though.  In a name, it’s Rachel, the main character.  Rachel is, putting it nicely, flawed (representing the new anti-hero female protagonist).  She’s an alcoholic who has hit rock bottom, so badly that she even got fat!  I know, she’s severely violated the “Cool Girl” bylaws.  Her husband left her for another woman and now she rides by their house on the way to the “job” she was fired from months ago peeking into their backyard at the life she could have had while guzzling her canned gin and tonics (seriously England, you have those??).  In the course of her spying she happens upon another couple, one of which turns up dead one day.  It’s a little Rear Window mixed with Blackout drunkness.  Part of which describes a wedding I attended in October last year.  We’ve all had our Rachel moments and we want to see her come out on top.  Good beach read but probably won’t leave many lasting memories.  I will miss Rachel though.
I never felt any connection to the characters. What a depressing book. I didn't like the characters. While I think Ms Hawkins did an good job developing them, I never felt sorry for anyone just disgusted  with their weakness and lack of character.
This story moves, propelling the reader onward.  The author is a good and descriptive writer and gives an immediate impression of the gist of each of the characters she follows.  If you are looking for a suspense read that will pull you in and make you want to finish the book in a weekend, this does the trick.<br/><br/>Rachel, the "Girl on the Train," who imagines the lives of a couple whose house she passes every day, is a drunk.  Daily, her train also passes the house she used to call home, now inhabited by her ex-husband and the woman he left Rachel for.  Twice daily on her commute, Rachel alternately mourns for the life she lost (and curses the women who supplanted her) and imagines the perfect couple down the street from her old home whom she views from her commuter's window but doesn't know.  Maybe due to her reliance on being drunk to cope with a life that has severely disappointed her, Rachel often is hesitant to act when contemplating a decision.  This does make some of the chapters repetitious at times, but the author's strong sense of place and use of description largely mitigates this criticism.<br/><br/>Comparison's to Rear Window are obvious.  As with the Hitchcock masterpiece, Rachel gets involved when she witnesses an incident from her train that is out of sync with the imagined life of the couple she views every day - the couple about whom she has constructed a vivid, if alcohol fueled, perfect life.  There are a lot of plot twists, though this is the kind of book where most of them are revealed by the three protagonists and not pieced together from a well laid foundation of clues.<br/><br/>A good book, quick read and pretty good freshman effort from this author.
OK, I know it's only February, but I read a lot -- usually at least 3 to 6 books per month. I read this novel more slowly than normal, savoring the storyline, the prose, the character development. I found the concept of the storyline original and intriguing, the characters believable, and the ending surprising (so to the reviewer who expressed boredom and disappointment with an obvious conclusion, um, maybe you should be a detective or a mystery writer 'cuzl I so did not see that coming!) I was immediately drawn in and caught up in the story, and stayed up too late reading on more nights than is good for me if I want to keep my job. I found Ms. Harkins's writing entrancing, and even the shifting points of view and jumps back and forth in the chronology didn't bother me; rather they added a dimension of realism to the inevitable unreliability of multiple narratives.<br/><br/>I'm not going to rehash the plot yet again. Yes, Rachel is a fall-down blackout lying drunk who's stalking her ex husband. Does that make her unsympathetic or unlikable? Maybe. She's also a disillusioned woman who has never fully dealt with devastating losses in her life. Which probably have contributed to her becoming a fall-down blackout lying drunk. (Yes, I know that's a sentence fragment.) Or, perhaps I just liked her because I used to be a fall-down blackout lying drunk with stalker tendencies. And, I guess the fact that I didn't foresee the ending can be attributed to brain damage from all that alcohol consumption.<br/><br/>Anyway, I loved the book and didn't want it to end. I highly recommend it to fans of Gone Girl and The Husband's Secret. If you're an Alfred Hitchcock addict, as I am, I think you'll enjoy this novel.
I read the whole book in 2 sittings so guess it intrigued me but I didn't like any of the characters. I guessed the end half way through, however years of watching Kojak as a kid have made me a semi professional at guessing who "done it"!
If I'd have watched it as a movie I wouldn't feel so bad about wasting my time reading it and it would have been the same.  The characters did not have much depth to them.  No surprises in this book one knew who the killer was from the beginning.
Some of the most unbearable characters that I have ever dealt with, you couldn't feel sympathy for any of them. Got about halfway before I couldn't take anymore, then flipped forward in the book just to find out the ending. Don't waste your time.
So yesterday I had like 10 pages left of "Girl on the Train" by the end of my lunch break, and things were getting really intense! I was excited to finish it on the way home.<br/><br/>Reading on the train is sacred time for me. So I usually put in earbuds (even if I'm not listening to anything) in and play deaf so people will leave me alone. But yesterday I was about to miss my train and in my rush I completely forgot about the ear buds. I hurried on to the train just as it pulled up, sat down in an empty booth, whipped out my phone, and started eagerly reading. Then a older couple (70s?) and their middle aged son sat next to me and immediately tried to strike up a conversation.<br/><br/>Them: "Sorry to crowd you, but you can just join in on our family conversation. Ha! Ha! Ha!"<br/>Me: "No thank you, I'm at a really exciting part in my book and I want to finish."<br/>Them: "Oh you like to read, do you? What kind of books do you like to read?"<br/>Me: "Lots of different books, and I'd really like to read this one right now, thank you."<br/><br/>I turned away a little and held my phone up higher to indicate: I'm busy, leave me alone now. But they couldn't stop I guess and said, "Ooo! That's a fancy device. What all can you do on that?" I turned back around and said, rather annoyed, "Read my book!" They looked very offended, and I felt very self-conscious, but at least they stopped trying to talk to me.<br/><br/>Anyway, "The Girl on the Train" is a great book to read after all your other Sabbath-day breaking.<br/><br/>It's got lots of swears, sex, misogyny, and murder most foul. So skip Church, go shopping for superfluous items (like cheese ball ingredients), rent an R-rated movie, and then curl up on the couch with your favorite caffeinated beverage and, "Happy reading!"
The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins<br/>4 stars!!<br/><br/>“Life is not a paragraph, and death is no parenthesis.”<br/><br/>So, I had been on a run of emotional reads and needed something different to brush away those proverbial emotional cobwebs...nothing better than a suspense type read. This is one of those books that gets the old grey matter working as you try and become Sherlock Holmes, reading between the lines and putting two and two together and coming up with five. I have to admit I was pretty useless in trying to work out whodunit in this one, although I did work it out before it was revealed, but not long before.<br/><br/>“One for sorrow, two for joy, three for a girl, four for a boy, five for silver, six for gold, seven for a secret never to be told. I’ve got a few of those.”<br/><br/>This is a book where I found it hard to like any of the characters, which actually amazes me considering I could not put the book down. I was sympathetic towards Rachel at times, but even her I wanted to throttle at various points. So how can a book full of characters that you hate be so all-consuming? This is the genius part, the plot was unique, the writing suspenseful and addictive and not one character in this book turns out who/what you perceive them to be.<br/><br/>“The holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mould yourself through the gaps.”<br/><br/>This book was like a charade party, at the beginning you knew who everyone was pretending to be and then when they took of their mask, bam, totally somebody else...you get my drift? Everyone in this book wears a mask, whether it be for good or evil. Who to trust? Who to believe?<br/><br/>“Nobody warned me it would break us. But it did. Or rather, it broke me, and then I broke us.”<br/><br/>We have all had that daily, monotonous commute whereby you sit down on the train and look aimlessly out the window as the scenery passes you by, the same s***, different day scenario. Rachel’s train stops at the same stop light every day and this stop light is right outside a little row of houses and Rachel has dreamt up who lives there, what they do, where they work etc. She has created this little fictional village in her head to pass the time. One day she sees something away from the norm, she knows she shouldn’t have seen it, but it just adds a bit more spice to the little story that she has going on in her head. When the woman later turns up missing is what Rachel saw pertinent to the investigation?<br/><br/>“I want to drag knives over my skin, just to feel something other than shame, but I'm not even brave enough for that”<br/><br/>I have to say, I did start out listening to this one but found that I had to jump back to actually reading it because the switches in POV and timeline jumps got really confusing at times when you are playing it by ear. This is a book that is continually moving, hurtling you around in the process, especially your brain as you struggle to keep a mental note of all the who, what’s, where’s and why’s.<br/><br/>Rachel has had a tough few years, she has just lost her job, just got divorced from her husband who left her for another woman and she walks around in a permanent state of drunkenness...she is a wallower. She wallows in self-pity for the majority of this book but finally when she is sober you begin to see the real Rachel underneath. The trouble with being a drunk is you become an unreliable witness and when her past and present begin to collide the mess only gets messier.<br/><br/>“I felt isolated in my misery. I became lonely, so I drank a bit, and then a bit more, and then I became lonelier, because no one likes being around a drunk. I lost and I drank and I drank and I lost.”<br/><br/>For a debut novel this was a fantastic read, Paula Hawkins truly delivered a book that confused, befuddled and totally messed with your mind. With many a red herring thrown in to throw you off the scent you will find yourself constantly second guessing everything you read. It was like Cluedo...it was Mr Black, in the drawing room with a rope...oh no it was Mrs Red, in the garden with a hammer, oh no it wasn’t it was...and it goes on...and on...until finally EUREKA!!<br/><br/>“They’re what I lost, they’re everything I want to be.”<br/><br/>If you love suspense then this is a great read and if you can get past some irritating characters that make stupid choices then you will definitely love it. I can’t wait to see what else Paula Hawkins pens, because if this is anything to go by she has an extremely bright future ahead of her.
Rachel is on a downward spiral.  Her marriage has broken down, she has lost her job and her drinking is more than a small problem.  Taking the commuter train to London, at peak times, each working day, she watches the world go by, rather than confronting it.  As she observes the same people, in the same houses, each day, she begins to form a picture of them in her mind.  Their names, their jobs and their routines.  The fog of alcohol helps bring these people to life, for her, and when she hears that a young woman, that she he has been watching, has disappeared without trace, the reality of what she has witnessed hits her with a bang.  The only thing is, with a reputation as a drunk, prone to mental breakdown, will anyone believe her?<br/><br/>This debut novel is creating a lot of discussion at the moment, although not released until Jan, the reviewers have given it a resounding thumbs up.  I agree.<br/>An addictive read from page one, Rachel is a character that demands attention.  Her descent to her current level is drip fed to the reader and the pity, shame and despair that she feels is palatable.  She is a victim of circumstance and there but for the Grace of God go I...<br/><br/>The unsuspecting 'actors' in her real life play are only seen for a few minutes each day, but she feels a connection to them, makes them part of her journey and her routine.  The past is interlinked with this street and the alcohol keeps her connected more than she could be.  Prone to blackouts after some of her drinking sessions, Rachel struggles to piece together the weak parts of her memory that may contain information about Megan, the missing girl, and the night she disappeared.  Did she witness something or is all related to her depressed and drunk state?<br/><br/>The standard of this novel is high. Way high.  Much stronger than Gone Girl, paced at break neck speed, hidden stories and twist and turns throughout.  For fans of Into The Darkest Corner and Before I Go To Sleep, it is a superb psychological thriller, with hints of classic black and white Hitchcock movies throughout.  A perfect way to escape reality, and may make you look at your fellow commuters in a new light.  Sure to be a massive bestseller! (Reviewd 29th Dec 2014)<br/><br/>Highly Recommended.
I'm not going to go over the synopsis and plot of this novel, the blurb is at the top of this post, it's tempting and intriguing. The whole concept of the story is original and quite quirky.<br/><br/>The dark psychological thriller is certainly the genre of the moment, and I've discovered some outstanding novels from some excellent authors over the last year. I love this genre, I love the unexpected, the flawed characters and the thrills.<br/><br/>It took me a long time to read The Girl on the Train, and to be honest, at about the half-way point I was beginning to wonder if I'd missed something. Whilst I was entranced by the characters, as despicable as they are, I wasn't getting that 'thrill factor' that I'd found in other novels quite recently. I began to wonder if this one had been hyped too much, had my expectations been too high? The only thing that I could do was to completely dismiss any preconceptions of what I thought this book was, and realign my brain a little. So, for the second half of the novel, I approached it with a different view, and you know what? It worked. I soon become caught up in a story that centred on relationships, how they work, how they fail and how that can impact on a life.<br/><br/>Rachel, the lead character is not particularly likeable. She's so damaged that it can be really difficult to understand her thought processes and her actions, but as the reader learns more and more, her true character emerges. She's been hidden, repressed by her experiences and she believes that she is worthless and unlovable. Rachel's obsession with the house that she watches from the train window appears at first to be nothing more than a fantasy that she has created to pass the time during her journey, when the reader discovers the truth, the story takes on another dimension.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is a fascinating story, and although the thriller element didn't quite work for me (I'd worked out who it was well before the end), I was impressed by the way the characters are drawn and develop. This is most certainly a female-driven story, the male characters, whilst very important, do not have the same impact as the three main females.<br/><br/>The writing is excellent, the depiction of addiction is frighteningly accurate, and pretty raw at times. For me, the beauty of this story is the detail of the relationships and how so many people can be affected by the actions of just one or two people. It's a clever novel, the author is very talented.
Rachel is a big time alcoholic…and a bit of a fraud. She pretends to go to work everyday in London. Everyday she passes the house she used to live in with her then husband Tom (who is now remarried and has a child). She also passes the house of a couple she names Jess and Jason. She re-imagines their life…what they do for a living…hobbies, etc.. It gives her something else to think about besides her own life. Since she has been watching them for several months, she feels as if she sort of knows them. One day Rachel witness something involving Jess that forever changes things. And it turns out Jess, whose name is actually Megan has gone missing.<br/><br/> Rachel drinks way too much and doesn’t care how that makes her look to other people or herself really. Because she drunk so much, she inevitably lost her job.<br/>Megan used to run an art gallery..a job she loved, but the gallery didn’t survive and now she stays home. She is married, but her husband doesn’t trust her. For a possibly good reason...<br/><br/> The story is told mostly through the voice of Rachel. But Megan also has a good part of the story as well, which I liked. Her story begins like a flashback, a year prior to everything that has happened.<br/><br/>I liked getting glimpses into Megan’s life, it made the story that much more engaging instead of just seeing everything through Rachel’s eyes. Because of Rachel’s drinking and blackouts she turned out to be an unreliable narrator, which I enjoyed. It had me doubting what she said and even wondering if she had something to do with Megan’s disappearance.  The story was fun and easy to get into. Plus it had me guessing all the way. And the ending had me saying "Wow, I did not expect that." Thrillers are one of my favorite genres to read and The Girl on the Train did not disappoint.<br/><br/>**I received this book from the publisher, but the opinions expressed are solely my own.**
I thought this would be just the kind of audiobook to take on a long car journey, and indeed its eleven hours took me almost exactly from Georgia to Maryland. But it made for a rather disturbing, even depressing trip. Of course, you do not expect a thriller to induce a state of calm, but I would have preferred it had the story drawn me in, working out the clues, enjoying the twists. There was a bit of that, but for the most part I felt captive to the breathless hysteria of three first-person narrators (read by three different readers) -- all rather dislikeable women of around thirty who consistently make stupid choices.<br/><br/>Actually, I was quite impressed by the exposition. On her daily commute into London, Rachel, the title character, makes up little stories about the young couple in a house giving onto the line where the train regularly stops at a signal. One day, she notices something that breaks the pattern, and begins to worry. Then we get a different narrator, the actual woman whom Rachel has been observing, but she is talking about a period a year earlier. Gradually, we discover that the picture we had formed of both women is wrong in just about every important respect. We also learn that, though they do not know each other, there is a connection between them through Rachel's ex-husband and his new wife, who eventually becomes the third narrator.<br/><br/>That's about as far as I should go. However, within a few pages we discover that Rachel is an alcoholic. This is a two-edged sword. I soon came to hate seeing her down two bottles of wine at a time, lose control in public, and lie to her friends and herself. At the same time, her condition and her tendency to have blackouts makes her the perfect Unreliable Narrator. When it seems that there has been a crime, and she comes home bleeding and incontinent, neither she nor the listener can be sure whether she has been a witness, a victim, or even the killer. Neither of the other narrators is that far gone, but all three hide the truth behind the lies they tell themselves and others.<br/><br/>The novel could do with being 40% shorter. There is an awful lot of angst to be gotten through in each chapter before we get to some significant event or new piece of information; with characters who went straight to the truth, the whole thing could have been over in 150 pages. The print reader soon knows when to read fast and when to linger, but the audiobook listener is captive to the pace of the three narrators. All of these are good, not only in delineating their own characters, but also in giving voice to the many others (even the men) encountered by each. But Hawkins' tendency to write in very short sentences makes for a breathless subdued hysteria throughout. And the general fecklessness of almost all the characters makes the story frustrating and depressing by turns, with simply not enough of the mystery element to compensate.
This book should aptly be called, Drunk Girl on Train: Crime Solver Edition. I’ve never seen the mechanism of drunkenness used for the slow reveal of ‘who dunnit?’. It’s brilliant, in a way. Without giving too much away: one girl is a messed-up drunk; another girl is a messed-up housewife; another girl..well..we don’t know too much of her present, just some messed-up, dark issues of her past. The book starts with a mysterious burial of a body and then later reveals a person gone missing. The comparisons to GONE GIRL are not without merit.<br/><br/>I’m going to judge this book on “are we there yet?” moments versus “Holy Crap!!” moments. That’s what we expect from a GONE GIRL-like book, right? That made-into-a-movie book had back-and-forth narratives that twisted us around, shocked us, and left us begging to know what was going to happen. Until the crappy ending (please don’t disappoint us again, Gillian Flynn). Yes, I’ll judge this hopetfully-future-movie book on the ending, too. Just hang on.<br/><br/>The first few chapters have that “Holy Crap!!” build-up. First the dedication to the buried body, then the crazy girl-with-issues on the train, ripping Band-Aids off her skin, digging nails into her wounds. Initial impression: this book is going to be CRAY-zy! Not quite. At least not from cover-to-cover.<br/><br/>As the narratives flip back and forth and the fog of blacked-out drunkness begin to lift around 200 pages into it, you begin to wonder, “are we there yet?” Characters are developed in a solid manner, but you wonder if they are withholding information. That’s irksome. If a book doesn’t have a lot of action or twists, then tell us what’s happening! Such a tease.<br/><br/>But I have to say, almost all is forgiven in the last several chapters of the book. Things get intense! Again, no spoilers here. Maybe those apparent lulls were a sign of skillful writing: it was all anticipation and build-up. And unlike GONE GIRL, I was actually satisfied with the ending. Kickass girls FTW!! (For the win.)<br/><br/>This book is a page-turner that is great for the summer beaches. It has more “Holy Crap!!” than “are we there yet?” moments; in my opinion, that equals a net gain!
I have a gripe: vapid, inconsistent, silly, stupid, annoying, and weak female characters . . . especially when they’re written by female authors. And this book has them in spades.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is told from the perspective of three highly annoying female characters. You have Rachel (the titular girl on the train), highly annoying female character #1, who tells about 80 percent of the story. She is clearly an unreliable narrator. She is a raging alcoholic who was fired from her job several months ago for getting sloshed at lunch, losing an important client, and coming back to the office drunk. She is divorced from her husband and living at a friend’s house. She hasn’t told her friend that she was fired from her job, so she still takes the train to London every day and spends the hours wandering around, going to the library, and getting wasted. On the train, she watches people on their patios and terraces, imagining lives (and names and personalities) for them. In the evenings, she calls her ex-husband and professes her undying love for him, despite the fact that he’s clearly moved on.<br/><br/>And with whom has he moved on? Why, Anna, of course, highly annoying female character #2. Anna thinks very highly of herself. She was Rachel’s husband’s mistress, and she was proud to be a mistress. She found it exciting, and she loved that she was desired by a man who already had a wife. Needless to say, she’s pretty deplorable. She and Tom (Rachel’s ex, Anna’s current husband) and their baby (whom they conceived while Rachel was still married to Tom, of course) now reside in the house that Tom and Rachel used to live in together. And Rachel passes the house every day on her train ride to London.<br/><br/>Lastly, there’s Megan, highly annoying female character #3. She lives a couple doors down from Anna and Tom, in another of the houses that Rachel passes on her commute (Rachel imagines that her name is Jess and that her husband’s name is Jason, and she daydreams about them regularly). Megan has a sordid past (prostitution, drugs, the whole nine yards), and now she’s a bored housewife. Her husband isn’t the greatest, but he loves her and wants nothing more than to start a family with her. In return, she just lies to and cheats on him.<br/><br/>Even the minor female characters in this book are awful. There’s Megan’s acquaintance from Pilates who is lonely and desperate (and whom Megan uses as a cover when she’s cheating on her husband). There’s the bitchy female detective. There’s Megan’s pushy mother-in-law. There’s Rachel’s push-over roommate, who lets Rachel take advantage of her repeatedly (despite numerous threats to evict Rachel).<br/><br/>Here’s what I realized while reading this book: a book without any likeable characters is a book that is very hard to like. And a book with a bunch of deplorable characters? Miserable.<br/><br/>Look, this is a highly readable book. The book (at least in the beginning—this structure breaks down toward the end) is told largely during the daily commute to and from London, so, on any given day, there’s a snippet in the morning and a snippet in the evening. It has short, easily digestible chapters and moves quickly.<br/><br/>The premise is this: Megan goes missing. No one knows where she is, where she’s gone, or what might have happened to her. But, sad-sack Rachel thinks she can help (despite never having met Rachel) for two reasons: 1) she saw Megan nearly every day from the train (and noticed something shortly before her disappearance that she thinks the police should know), and 2) she was near Megan’s house at the time of her disappearance (she got blackout drunk and decided it was a good idea to pay Tom and Anna a visit). Rachel, of course, is desperate to feel needed and important (the police rightly assume she’s just a “rubbernecker”), so she inserts herself in the investigation as much as possible (“[I]t’s because I feel like I’m part of this mystery, I’m connected.”). She reads all the information she can about the case, she goes to meet Megan’s husband, she makes an appointment with Megan’s shrink.<br/><br/>It’s a thriller, so, as expected, it is fast-paced and moderately engaging. And, at least from the beginning, it’s not entirely predictable.<br/><br/>But do these positives balance out the fact that the story revolves around a bunch of awful human beings? Absolutely not. There's a reason this book is so frequently compared to GONE GIRL: they're both terrible.
Most of this book is slow moving and boring . The last fifty pages try to make up for a wasted experience.<br/>The fact that it on the nytimes best seller list is disappointing. A much better read that I enjoyed was " The Perk"<br/>By Jiminez.
I found THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN to be an interesting choice.  I thought the premise was different and it moved along quite easily.  Poor Rachel, the girl on the train, is having a hard time coping with her everyday life.  Her marriage fell apart, she began drinking and she also lost her job all within a short amount of time.  She decides to kind of hide what her life has become by still taking the train into London to appear to still be going to her job.  As she does, the route takes her right by her old place where her ex-husband still lives with his current wife.  At the same time, she also notices another couple just a few doors away that she decides to weave a perfect story around until one day she sees the unthinkable to her.  Rachel sees the girl she perceives as the "perfect wife' having an affair with someone else.  This woman shortly also disappears and is found dead.<br/><br/>Rachel decides to put herself smack dab in the middle of the mess to try to figure out what really happened.  Neither the police, nor anyone else involved sees her as a credible witness due to her drinking and lying about her life.  I actually came to feel very sorry for Rachel while at the same time wanting her to just grow up.  Thankfully, she does redeem herself at the end of the tale, but during the story you are almost not surprised that one thing after another does not go her way.<br/><br/>There is enough foreshadowing about 2/3 through the book for everyone to figure out who murdered Megan ("the perfect wife").  With that being said, it is still a satisfying ending with a lot of added intrigue and details not previously revealed.  All in all, a good read I think ost will really like.
This book pulled me in with an interesting story, but the characters never lived up to their full potential. The story dragged on, and even the plot twist felt like it was trying a bit too hard. A good summer beach read, but not very memorable.
Marketed as being like Gone Girl, which is a tough act to follow for any author, but this is not even in the same league. It is a story as tawdry as any tabloid grief porn and the characters are unsympathetic. I feel sullied for having read it.
Rachel Watson rides the train every day to a job she was fired from months ago.  She spend the day in the city until it is time to go home again.  As she passes the town of Witney, she always looks at two houses on Blenheim Road.  Number 15 and number 23.  Rachel used to live at 23 Blenheim Road with her husband Tom.  But that was 2 years ago.  Now she lives in a flat with her friend Cathy in Ashbury.  Number 15 is occupied by Scott and Megan Hipwell who Rachel likes to refer to as Jess and John.  Rachel enjoys watching Megan and Scott and their happy life together, so much unlike her own.  Until one day, she sees something she knows she shouldn't have and then the next day Megan is reported missing.  Could the information she have be the key to the investigation?  Will the investigators believe her, or will they think she is just a lonely, drunkard who will try anything to get closer to her ex and his new wife.<br/><br/>I have been waiting to read this book for a very long time.  It has been on my hold list at the library for about 4 months.  I couldn't put it down.  It kept me on the edge of my seat and I had to know what was going to happen next.  There were a lot of shocking things about this book that makes you want to know who the culprit was.  Who has Megan and what have they done with her?  There were times where I was a bit confused about the different dates.  The book goes from present to past from chapter to chapter and from person to person.  I found myself flipping back to see where I was in the story to keep myself straight.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a good book.  One that I will recommend over and over.  It's a great thriller that you will not want to put down.
It took a while to get into the book but the end was fast and full of adrenaline. Awesome story when it came to the intricacies of failed and successful relationships, exploiting the importance of knowing someone before you date or marry them.
Let me first start by saying that I did not finish this book. I tried. I got to 30% of the Kindle version, and even though at that point the “action” had started, I just could not bear to continue.<br/><br/>Many of the people in my Goodreads “Good Thriller” group had read or planned to read this book, and most had given it high praise. Some reviewers compared it to Gone Girl. That should have been my first clue; I somehow managed to finish that one and immediately wished I hadn’t.<br/><br/>I was confused by the characters. I honestly could discern very little, if any, difference between the voices of Rachel and Megan (who, early on, is imagined to be “Jess” by Rachel, who sees her from the train and makes up a story about her life). I did not like these people. Rachel was an alcoholic divorcee, and I could not garner any sympathy for her. Megan was a stay-at-home wife with little to do but go to therapy and sleep around. Then there was Anna, the new wife and mother of Rachel’s ex-husband, Tom. I didn’t really have any feelings about her at all.<br/><br/>Then Megan disappeared, and the police showed up to question Rachel, who could not remember a single thing about that night because she had been very, very drunk. I did not like Megan or Rachel, and the drama in their lives just seemed to go on and on. I was mildly curious about what happened, but I didn’t enjoy the writing enough to want to continue reading. Normally, I would have struggled through it, at least to perhaps the halfway point, but there are so many other novels I have yet to read, so I am giving this one a rest. My apologies to those who really enjoyed this, but it simply was not a pleasant experience for me.<br/><br/>One star
I would be surprised if you haven't heard about this book. It's been mentioned on nearly every book blog I follow, written about in magazines, and is on shelves in every bookstore.  Its debut is on the heels of other successful psychological thrillers like GONE GIRL, with readers wanting more of the page-turning drama and suspense. I don't typically read these types of books, but this one appeared in my mailbox and I was anxious to see what all the buzz was about.<br/><br/>Rachel is a recently divorced, unemployed, drunk who rides the train every day in London so that her roommate thinks she is still going to her job. On the train she watches for her old street and her old house to appear along the tracks. She hopes for glimpses of her ex-husband and the new family he has created in their old home.  She also watches the neighboring house, with it's occupants, Jess and Jason (she has named them) to appear so she can live vicariously through their morning coffee chats on the patio. She imagines their life and feels like they are friends, even though they don't know each other. Then, one morning, Rachel witnesses something on Jess and Jason's patio that changes her life forever.  Then Jess, who's real name is Megan, comes up missing. Can Rachel's story help them find her or will they just see her as a crazy, unreliable drunk?<br/><br/>The main flaw in this book is that I found it hard to relate to or care about the characters. They were all so completely depressing and flawed that I became bored with them. Rachel's daily whining and drinking, Anna (her ex-husband's wife) and her irrational fears of Rachel, and Jess/Megan's selfish behaviors. They really were a messed up bunch of gals and it made me frustrated to constantly read them wallowing in self-pity.  If you are in a funk and sick of winter, I'm not sure this is the book to bring you out of it. Reading about depressing people makes you want to stay in bed with a glass of wine as well.<br/><br/>Once Megan goes missing, the story-line picks up and you are constantly trying to figure out what really happened and who, ultimately, is the murderer. After many leads, you will guess and guess until the end when you realize the answer was right in front of you the whole time. There is quite a thrilling ending and one that will have you holding your breath. If you are looking for a happy ending, this won't meet that need, but will leave you a bit hopeful in the beginning of a new life for two of the characters.<br/><br/>Hawkins writes the story from Rachel, Anna, and Megan's perspective. She alternates chapters with a timeline of events so you know who was doing what and when. You are able to get inside their heads and understand their reasons behind the mistakes they continue to make. Hawkins does a fine job of leading you through their lives that led up to the night Megan goes missing all the way to the thrilling conclusion of finding out her killer without giving anything away. Fans of suspense and thrilling murder mysteries will find this book enjoyable, even with the deeply depressing characters.
If you enjoyed Into The Darkest Corner and Before I Go To Sleep, this may be your favourite new book. It's an accomplished thriller which is narrated in turn by the central three female characters. It falls short of being truly great: the outcome is too easy to predict and the pace is slightly sluggish. But it's still a terrific holiday read which I read in just two sittings. It feels like watching an escapist movie.<br/><br/>The main narrator is Rachel. Her marriage split up two years ago when her husband left her for another woman. She's an alcoholic, she's lost her job and obsesses over Tom, her ex. Sometimes she drinks to the point of blacking out and this makes her an unreliable narrator. From the train everyday she sees a house with a young couple living in it. She fantasises about these people she doesn't know: she gives them imaginary names and daydreams about their perfect marriage. When the woman (Megan) goes missing, Rachel realises that some of the things she has seen from the train may hold the key to finding Megan.<br/><br/>I liked the way that the book was structured and the fact that Rachel's memories are somewhat unreliable adds to the mystery. The book is partly narrated by Tom's new partner, Anna, and there are intriguing disparities between her and Rachel's accounts of events. (The third narrator is Megan, filling in her back story.) However I did get a bit tired of reading about Rachel reaching yet again for a bottle of wine or waking with a hangover. I guessed how the book would pan out quite early on and it's made very clear around the 70% mark - at that point it really needed to be sped up. It doesn't quite deliver on the promised tension and it falls short of being the new "Gone Girl" that it's being hailed as.
I have a caveat when picking novels - when it says psychological thriller, I usually put the book back on the shelf. Because I got this book on audio cassette, I disregarded my usual caveat. Frankly, if I had not been listening to this book on tape I would have quite after a few pages.  The characters are all totally screwed up and dysfunctional.  Rachel drinks to the point where I felt like I had a hangover when listening.  She goes out of her way to screw up her own life. There was not one character that I could identify with.  They are all paranoid and are constantly suspicious of one another. And I guess they well should be because they all have multiple sex partners. The couples constantly checking their partners emails and cell phones, they all have lives from the past.  There is the expression about people with "baggage."  Well, these characters have trunks!<br/><br/>I will give the author credit for weaving a complicated story that intertwined characters all of which are screwed up.  And the format of having the three different women narrate various chapters is effective. But it was just not my kind of book.<br/><br/>Lots of people compare it to Gone Girl, which I found OK - a nice diversion - but not great.<br/><br/>One of the other reviewers said that there will be a movie out of this book. They will really have to cut some of the characters.  The story is far to complicated as written to be on the screen.<br/><br/>There are reviewers who loved this book. All I can say is "to each his own."  My recommendation would be to get the book from the "free bookstore" the library. That way, if you don't like it you won't be out any money.
Way over rated based on the reveiw
The Girl on the Train brings to mind the great Hitchcock story of Rear Windows.  I think in some ways, The Girl on the Train is a perfect story for our time. With the advent of vlogs and the popularity of watching YouTubers, where the viewer feels like he/she gets to know the people they are voyeuristically watching, the themes explored in this novel seem perfect.  Rachel takes every day to and back from London, watching the world move by.  She's an interesting character, with a tragic past. Her current life is pretty much in the dumps.  For example, on Mondays, she'll hide alcohol in a bag on the train because it's less acceptable than drinking on a Friday.  Every day, she drives by the house of Scott and Megan, two individuals that Rachel does not know.  But she's developed a fanciful idea of their relationship, naming them Jason and Jessie.  As Rachel watches their relationship unfold in front of her, she decides they are the epitome of the Golden Couple.  To Rachel, their interactions seem like the life she had when she lived about four houses down from them, with her ex, Tom.<br/><br/>The Rachel from that period of time seems markedly different from how she is now.  She suffers from blackouts from alcohol.  She's been living with a not-friend from college who had a spare room.  Her life has seemingly fallen apart and she doesn't seem to care about any of it.  She isn't bothered when the train takes longer to get home because, why should she?  What has she got to look forward to?  She only seems to care about this golden couple she sees every day, on her ride home.  When we're first introduced to Rachel, she's making up a convoluted story about a pair of clothes seen on the side of the train tracks.  And we see that she makes fanciful stories to, presumably, take her mind off her own sad state.  Life intrudes on Rachel's fanciful delusions of Scott and Megan when she sees Megan kissing someone in the backyard who is not her husband.  And then, of course, Megan disappears, and Rachel, in a blackout drunk episode, was seen in the neighbourhood. Then Rachel manages to force her way into the investigation.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is told from three different perspectives and timeframes.  Author Paula Hawkins expertly weaves together the three women narrators expertly, adding complication upon complication.  What seems like a standard case has wrinkles; mostly because all three narrators are completely unreliable for different reasons. As the seemingly simple story continues, twists and turns drew me in and kept me guessing as to what was really going on.  It's not the most complex thriller and I did figure out what happened way before it finished, but the twists were genuinely intriguing and kept me second-guessing myself.  This is probably the best voyeuristic thriller I've seen since Rear Window and I would definitely recommend giving it a chance.
Somewhat good, page-turning book. It has A LOT of buildup (2/3 of the book) and then the ending we've all been waiting for is extremely rushed and vague, probably within 3 pages. You walk away without a good sense of closure to the story.
Very disappointing especially since some reviewers had had the temerity to describe this book as another "Gone Girl."  No way "Train" approaches the quality of "Gone Girl" in plot, character development or writing.
Bought it as the price was right for a best seller.  Thought it a good book, just not great. Main character was weak and fortunate to have a truely good friend. Ending was somewhat surprising, but felt a little too much like a screenplay.
I kept reading this expecting it to get better but it didn't.  The comparison to Gone Girl and Hitchcock were deceiving.  The concept is good and would probably make a good movie, but the book and writing didn't live up to its potential.
I couldn't believe how bad this book was after hearing and reading how good it was. I got about halfway through and got fed up with the whiny, wimpy, spineless women characters, not to mention waiting for something interesting to happen.
I confess. The suspense in The Girl on the Train got so far under my skin that I couldn’t stop until I’d read the book all the way through to the end, costing myself hours of sleep. With as much as I read, this doesn’t happen very often, even with the most skillfully written thrillers.<br/><br/>So there’s plenty of suspense here — but not a whole lot more. The Girl on the Train was heavily marketed as the successor to Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl, an amazingly well crafted thriller that has been on or near the top of national bestseller lists for a very long time. This one doesn’t measure up to that (admittedly) high and possibly unattainable standard.<br/><br/>This is essentially the story of three young women, told in alternating chapters from the perspective of each of the three: Rachel, a divorcee; Anna, who is married to Rachel’s ex-husband; and Megan, who lives with her own husband. Megan and Anna’s homes — the latter was Rachel’s home not long before — are situated along the tracks of the train that Rachel takes every day to and from work. Prone to fantasizing, Rachel builds an elaborate story around her daily glimpses of Megan and her husband, neither of whom she has met. The plot unfolds as the women’s stories intersect — and, you guessed it, it’s not a pretty tale.<br/><br/>If there’s a message in The Girl on the Train, it may be summed up in a single sentence by the author: “I have never understood how people can disregard the damage they do by following their hearts.”<br/><br/>Oh, and there’s another message to take from this book: beware of marketers who hype new books as “a worthy successor to [fill-in-the-blank].
**This review contains spoilers!!!***<br/>I have had this book in my library since May, and I've been putting off reading it because I just couldn't get past the first chapter -<br/>So yesterday I decided to sit down and just read it straight through, no distractions.  While it did get better, I found myself absolutely hating Rachel.  I understand that she has a major drinking problem and is grieving the dissolution of her marriage, but she was so self -destructive and just plain stupid concerning things, unable to let go and move on that sometimes I just rolled my eyes and skimmed to get to the next part - to figure out the mystery, which was not a complete shocker and I thought the ending was rather anticlimactic.  Now that I think about it, I hated Anna and Megan as well.  All of the females in this book were horrible people, and for evoking that feeling in me I guess job well done to the author if that's what she was going for.  If she was trying to make me feel empathy towards any of them, that emotion did not cross, even when I found out what a jerk Tom was.<br/>Also, for a book that is 12.00 to buy, you would think that they would have hired a good editor to proofread, and I didn't just find one mistake there were multiples.  And, there was a major disconnect with a certain passenger on the train, whose role was never ever resolved, maybe that was thrown in as a distraction to make you even more confused in the whodunnit??<br/>Overall I give a thumbs up for effort, but this book, in my opinion, should NOT be getting the rave reviews that it has been getting, definitely not the worst thing I've read but mediocre at best.
The Girl on the Train is Paul Hawkins first thriller, the only thriller part was the last couple of chapter. For me the story got pretty tiresome fast and I almost gave several times.<br/>The story centers around 5 very sad, annoying and pathetic characters.  Rachel was once married to Tom, they are divorced now.  Why?  Rachel could not conceive a child and in her depressing starts drinking.  In turn Tom has an affair with Anna; they get married and have a baby, Evie.  Tim moves his new family into the home that he and Rachel once shared, post pictures of himself with the baby declaring this is the happiest he has ever been.  This slap in the face causes Rachel to now drink to a point where she has blackouts and forgets that she drunks calls her x-husband many times a night, even shows up at his home.  Unemployed Rachel fakes going to work every day on the train and passes her old home and the home of a couple she names Jason and Jess (whose real names are Scott and Megan) in their perfect happy-ever-after lives.<br/>Megan goes missing and Rachel was seen stalking the neighborhood the night of the Megan’s disappearance. Guess who blacked out and doesn’t remember a thing.<br/>The book is written in 3 voices – Rachel, Megan and Anna.  Rachel’s constant drinking and blackouts became tedious, when she was sober she made some of the ghastly stupidest decisions, constantly lying; even Rachel acknowledging that she rather stupid.  Wife #2 Anna was not much better; she was paranoid of Rachel and a sociopath.  Megan had her own secrets which were her own destruction. Let’s not forget Scott he did not turn out to be a nice person either.
This story got my attention from the first page and I truly enjoyed the whole ride. When writing this review, I was trying to find something that I didn't like about it,to be fair, but couldn’t find anything and this is what my 5 star rating shows.<br/><br/>The plot basically revolves around Rachel, who takes the same commuter train every day and suddenly sees something rather than usual, that changes her life for ever. This particularly event and a few mental-life crisis moments will make Rachel figure out that what is in front of you, sometimes is not always what it seems to be.It is told through the voice of three different women, which gives the narrative a more clear insight and adds mystery to the story.<br/><br/>I have read Gone Girl before and I can say is one of my favorite thrillers of all time.I thought I was hardly ever gonna have the opportunity to read something similar to it, but let me tell you, I did and it was thanks to Paula Hawkins.<br/><br/>There were sometimes that I couldn't believe what I was reading, it has an original  storyline that keeps your hearth pounding, gripping and wanting for more. I totally recommend it.<br/><br/>Favorite Quotes:<br/>- “Life is not a paragraph, and death is no parenthesis.”<br/>-“I have never understood how people can blithely disregard the damage they do by following their hearts.”<br/>- “It's  possible to miss what you’ve never had, to mourn for it.”<br/>-“The holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mould yourself through the gaps.”<br/>-“I’ve been the fool. If he does it with you, he’ll do it to you.”
Hi everyone,<br/><br/>I wanted to tell you about a book I finished last night that I thought some of you would find great. As of yesterday, it had 28,000+ reviews and everyone I know that reads as we do suggested I read it. I even got a call from D.C. (our unblemished place where politicians meet and greet) strongly suggesting I buy this book.<br/><br/>Well, I did and I finished it last night. It is written as well as ANY book I have ever read and that certainly counts way up in the thousands. It is not a cozy in and of itself; however there is relatively no curse (except the occasional dropping of the "F" word) words and no vivid sexual scenes. It is a psychological look into the lives of 3 women - all somewhat connected - and a mystery that you figure will happen. You have to watch the dates at the top of each woman's chapter or you might become confused. The main character, Rachel, is filled to the top of her head with understandable problems. The secondary character, Megan, has problems but we don't really know why until time passes. The third character, Anna, doesn't even know whether she has problems or not except those with Rachel. Entertaining is not the descriptive word I would use for this book; thought-provoking is the word that leaps to the lips. You are so dragged into the lives of these people that you will know friends that have had some of these same events happen to them. The name of the book is THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN and please go read some of the 28,000 reviews - I bet that's more than GONE WITH THE WIND. This is an excellent book that will pull you in, tie you up, and not let you go until the end.
This is a sorry excuse for a mystery novel. It is dark and depressing. Very predictable. Three equally crazy women and their crazy men. There is no suspense. It is 300 pages saga about crazy women. Horrible book. No story what so ever.
The Girl on the Train occupies a similar space as Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl. In both, we move through the minds of multiple narrators who may or may not be lying, to us and/or to themselves. This ends up being very effective and is what pulls you forward into the story, despite the fact that the inciting incident doesn't rear its head for thirty or forty pages.<br/><br/>While there are three characters we focus on throughout the book, the first is arguably the main character: Rachel. She has been divorced for two years and is a serious alcoholic. She blames her drinking for her current state and for the end of her marriage. She's living with a friend, paying rent, and lost her job several months ago. Too ashamed to admit it to anyone, she continues to take the train into the city every day.<br/><br/>The train stops regularly in the same place, behind some houses in a nice little town. From her vantage point on the train, Rachel watches a married couple go about their morning. She calls them Jess and Jason, though she doesn't have any idea what their real names are. She's constructed a perfect little life for them in her head.<br/><br/>But it falls apart the morning Rachel sees Jess kissing another man on her back porch. And shortly after that, Jess goes missing entirely.<br/><br/>I won't say more for fear of spoiling what is genuinely a good story. Just know that we get multiple perspectives on the events, and everyone is much more connected than may first be apparent. Highly recommended if you're into Gone Girl and that sort of dark, psychological thriller. A well-constructed mystery with compelling characters.
"The Girl on the Train" kept me thoroughly entertained. Paula Hawkins is a great, promising writer. The protagonist, Rachel is a train wreck (no pun intended). She's unemployed, divorced, and a deeply depressed alcoholic. She commutes to "work" by train. She pretty much has no life, but she's a vulnerable soul so it's not hard to feel sympathy for her. She has a strange obsession with Scott and Megan Hipwell, (a seemingly happily married couple)  with whom she sees through her train window every morning. She nicknames the couple Jason and Jess since she doesn't know their real names. One day, Rachel sees Megan kissing someone, but that someone is not her husband. Rachel's illusion of Megan is completely shattered. She becomes enraged and feels deep empathy for Megan's husband, since Rachel knows what it's like to be cheated on. Rachel's ex-husband, Tom left Rachel for another woman, Anna. Rachel suffers from blackouts (due to her alcoholism). Something happens and a chain of events start to unravel which changes the lives of Rachel, Tom, Megan, Jason, and Anna forever. Each chapter has a different 1st person narrative: Rachel, Megan, and Anna. I found it difficult to relate to Megan and Anna. Their characters were so unlikable. Megan and Anna don't really have any redeeming qualities. Rachel is no walk in the park but like I said, she is the ONLY character I felt a connection to. Her chapters were the most exciting to read. Towards the end of the novel, it was pretty obvious what was going to happen but overall, I truly enjoyed reading "The Girl on the Train". Well-written and intriguing. Enjoy!
This is one terrific psychological-suspense thriller. I devoured it in less than two days. It’s a work that reads a lot like a fusion of Gillian Flynn’s “Gone Girl” and Alfred Hitchcock’s “Rear Window.” I’m not saying it’s equal to them, but it will definitely be close enough for a lot of people if they are just focusing on how this new book makes them feel. It’s got a lot of the same mix of obsession, instability, and deception--a mix that leads to danger, suspense, and mystery…and it’s full of unexpected plot twists, too. And of course, just like those two other great ones, there are a lot of hidden manipulative plot devices woven into the fabric of the story.<br/><br/>This review will be brief because this is the type of story that is best read with no previous knowledge about the details of the plot or the characters. Please try to resist reading any long reviews and resist listening to friends who might want to tell you anything -- anything at all -- about this book even though they’re sure they won’t “give away the ending.” This book is not about the ending. It’s about experiencing the psychological suspense along the way to the ending. If I (or other reviewers) were to tell you bits and pieces about that journey (especially about the characters), then it is bound to spoil the book for you in some important way. I won’t do it. I really enjoyed this book; I want you to enjoy it, too.<br/><br/>As evidence of how good this book is, Dreamworks recognized the its blockbuster potential and snatched up the movie rights a full ten months before its release. Smart move. It’s sure to make a terrific movie, especially if they get some high-profile actors and actresses in the leading roles.
Let's start with not having much sympathy for the main character and move on to the predictability of the story and end with the hassle of 3 narrators and a confusing timeline.<br/><br/>Save your time and money and reread Gone Girl.
Holy schnikes, y’all.  I’m speechless….I don’t even know where to begin without giving anything away, so for the sake of this review, I’m not going to recap anything and just let you know what I thought.  I’m a little late to this party, so my thoughts may not matter, but let me begin by stating that this book was simply AMAZING!<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is an intriguing and an utterly compelling literary masterpiece that has become one of my favorite reads this year.  What started out as a slow burn blazed into this fire – this raging desire to continue reading this twisted tale that kept me guessing throughout.  This whole story sucked me in – keeping me on the edge of my seat and captivated with each word. This is one of those books that I am not quite sure why I waited so long to start and in the end I was kicking myself for putting it off for so long. This book consumed me and I found myself not wanting to put it down for even a second.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train will entrance you with the almost lyrical prose and challenge you as you try to peel back the many layers of the complex story.  The story is told from three POV’s and the author switches perspectives flawlessly throughout.  It is extremely well-written and the plot flowed smoothly and effortlessly.  Ms. Hawkins is a new author for me, but one that I will be on the lookout for in the future.  This book is some seriously good writing and one that will appeal to anyone looking for a suspenseful and thrilling read.  But be warned…once you start, you will not want to put it down, so just be prepared for life to be put on hold until the last page is turned.
Don't waste your time.  Hard to follow because the characters and the time period switches back and forth. The Man character is a drunk and is not stable.  It is hard to follow.  I do not understand why so many people love this book.
just finished reading the book and I found it to be one of my favorite reads.  I totally recommend it to others that enjoy a suspenseful dark character based novel.  It had a great finish but I was sorry it all had to come to an end.
After seeing this novel reviewed everywhere as the "next Gone Girl," I was eager to read it.  I even pre-ordered it to arrive on the day in was released (sadly this didn't work as the book made it only to a neighboring state's distribution center and then seemed to disappear!)  After re-ordering it, I was excited to get it..<br/><br/>Sadly, this book did not match the hype at all, though the premise had great potential.<br/><br/>To me, one of the biggest failings was to make the main character (Rachel) completely unlikeable.  She is an unemployed drunk having been left by her husband when she turns to alcohol when she cannot have a baby (or so she says).  She spends her days riding the train to London for the job she lost months ago and living vicariously through the lives she imagines for the people she sees.  Instead of work, she kills the daytime hours drinking or wandering around only to return home on the train she took when she worked.  She lies to everyone about her status.<br/><br/>The murderer's identity would have been solved half way through the book had she not been completely drunk on the night of the abduction--so much so that she has blacked out the entire night and cannot remember what she saw.<br/><br/>Somehow, this sad, unemployed, alcoholic woman thinks she can solve the mysterious disappearance of a woman she has never met but whom she has seen from the train window.  She inserts herself into the investigation (I can't say too much here without giving away the plot).<br/><br/>If you still want to read this, wait for the paperback.  Not worth the cost of a hardcover.
A chilling story with unlikeable characters. Aside from a very slow beginning, the story builds in suspense and has a very good ending. However, I felt no joy while reading this book and will not miss it now that I've finished it.
Can't believe this book received so much positive press!  It was boring, repetitive, unsympathetic characters!  Last half of the book I just skimmed just to finish it.  So sorry I bothered!  If I could give it zero stars I would!!
A story about three desperate, weak female characters only obsessed with getting the attention of men. I wish Hawkins would have added at least one strong female character. I found myself rolling my eyes at Rachel, Megan and Anna. Also the story was so predictable. I figured out who the killer was half way through the book.
Not able to pinpoint why, but this book just did not hold my attention. I think the life of a woman with a drinking problem and depression just did not interest me. As in real life, the self absorption of the alcoholic is boring.
When Rachel's world falls apart, she consoles herself by concocting a fantasy perfect life about a young couple she can see in their home every day as she passes by on the train.  The story is told in first person, present tense and gradually we learn more about Rachel and why she is alone and brooding over strangers. The reason she is looking towards this road is because her ex-husband lives there - in her marital home - with his new wife and their baby. To distract herself from her husband's new family, Rachel broods nostalgically over the seemingly perfect couple down the road, until she discovers they are not perfect either.  Then the wife (Megan) disappears and Rachel is convinced she has evidence to tell the police.  But will they believe an unstable obsessive woman whose only knowledge of the case comes through glimpses from the train?<br/>As Rachel grapples with her own demons and tries to solve the mystery of Megan's disappearance, she makes some self-destructive decisions - meanwhile, the reader learns more about Megan through her own first-person narration, and also Anna who is now married to Rachel's ex-husband.  Rachel, Megan and Anna all have their own flaws, darkness, vanities and fragility, which draw them unwittingly together into a destructive bond.<br/>The information about each character is revealed slowly and logically, as all the interweaving relationships become more complex and transparent. The final conclusion is satisfying and complete with no further unanswered questions... only bleak hopes that the future will be better for the survivors of this tragedy.
Suspense lurks just down the street and across town!  "The Girl on a Train" allows a view into worlds unknown and yet known; the character's lives are twined together in ways unknown to each other until the final pages play out.
I read this, or rather listened to this, over a couple of weeks. The audio-book version was great, due mostly to the wonderful readers who took on the various parts of Meagan, Rachel, Anna. Those readers had such delightful accents that they could've read the phone directory and I would have loved it. Hawkins's book was a bit more interesting than the telephone directory, but not by much. I did figure out the murderer by disc 7, which is not that early in the game, but my main gripe here is the first-person narrative technique that simply does not work very well, especially for Meagan, who -- spoiler alert -- seems to be narrating her bit from the Great Beyond (but what a great voice!).<br/><br/>I kept imagining this book with an omniscient narrator, and I think it would have been much better. These characters all seems numbingly similar and their whining never really rises above what Faulkner would call the matters of the "glands." The men are rather two-dimensional cads (thank God they make no appearance on the audio!), so who cares about the stereotype versions of their lives depicted here? The clues were strewn about with yeoman adequacy; the crime novel as "genre" seemed well-served, and the opening bit of the girl on the train was a good lead in to the plot. If you like Hawkins, I am sure you will like this book. If you like crime novels, weak plotting and standard characters only lead you faster to the perpetrator. I enjoyed the voices; they were good company driving down 360 past Richmond and into Northern Virginia for a few turns. Take it or leave it.
Reviewed<br/>Warner's Women's No Pinching. No Problems.  Modern Brief Panty, White, 6<br/>Warner's Women's No Pinching. No Problems. Modern Brief Panty, White, 6 ...<br/>product rating stars Not the Perfect Underwear After All!<br/>June 19, 2015<br/>I thought I had finally found the perfect pants, but unfortunately not. Whilst overall very comfortable, my biggest hope for these was that they would not ride up. They do. I kept having to "adjust" them which is very annoying. The wide waist band is certainly very comfortable and does not roll. The fabric is very soft and clothing falls nicely over them. If the leg was longer - like a boy short style - then I think these would be perfect. I have now ordered the no wedgies no worries panty and the lace boy short panty by Maidenform in the hope that these will be better.<br/><br/>...Read more<br/>Reviewed<br/>Child 44<br/>Child 44<br/>0 of 1 people found this review helpful<br/>product rating stars Superb!<br/>June 02, 2015<br/>Captivating from the start. A gripping, page turning novel that's hard to put down. Superbly written, capturing the atmosphere of the era it was written about. I will look forward to the movie.<br/><br/>Reviewed<br/>The Girl on the Train<br/>The Girl on the Train<br/>product rating stars Gripping and Dark<br/>April 02, 2015<br/>Gripping from the beginning. A dark and disturbing tale about a girl with a lot of problems who cannot let go of the past. A real page turner. However, the ending was a bit weak and it lost credibility for me at that stage. Nevertheless, a very good read.
A very good read.  Sometimes hard to follow, but still held my interest.  I found it difficult to remember who was narrating when.  I found I needed to often go back to the beginning of sections to recall who was then speaking.
I cannot understand why this book is on the USA Today best seller list.  It is dull and redundant.  The story can be told in 100 pages or less.  Reading it was a trudge thru dull factors.  I am sorry I wasted my time and money.
“I have never understood how people can blithely disregard the damage they do by following their hearts.”<br/><br/>The Girl on The Train follows the perspective of three females that are initially only loosely connected. Rachel, an extreme alcoholic, takes the train every day and begins to feel like she personally knows a married couple that she sees as she passes every evening. When that wife, Megan, goes missing, Rachel feels the need to step in and figure out the case herself.<br/><br/>Many people have compared this book to Gone Girl, which is one of my favorite books, and now The Girl on The Train has also won my Best Book Award. But I like these books for different reasons. In general, I would say that if you liked Gone Girl, you would probably like this book and vice versa. However, if you didn’t like Gone Girl, don’t completely discredit this one. While they are both thrillers with dysfunctional female leads, The Girl on The Train is much faster paced and not as horrifyingly disturbing as Gone Girl.<br/><br/>Many people (including me) hate books where the lead character is unlikeable, but The Girl on The Train is one of those books where you don’t really need to like the main characters. Actually, you will probably hate most of them throughout the whole book. However, by the end I actually felt some sympathy for all but one of the characters—if you’ve read the book you know who I am talking about, but I won’t spoil it here.<br/><br/>Read the rest of my review here: http://judgingmorethanjustthecover.blogspot.com/2015/08/the-girl-on-train-paula-hawkins.html
None of the women featured in Paula Hawkins’ thriller The Girl on the Train are particularly likable. Rachel, the main character, is a drunk. Anna stole Rachel’s husband. Megan has panic attacks and sleeps around. Their careers don’t seem to be particularly important to them, but they feel incomplete without a man (or men) in their life. And those men aren’t peaches either.<br/><br/>Hawkins’ choice of narrative style also gave me pause. Each of the women tells their part of the story in first-person present-tense, delivered via excerpts stamped with dates and time of day (usually “morning” or “evening”). The passages almost read like journal entries, or extended anecdotes relayed to a camera or transcriber, but they’re meant to describe what’s happening in real time. For one character, this wouldn’t have strained credulity too far. But when we head hop in this style between three characters, the seams start to show, especially when Hawkins shuffles the chronology.<br/><br/>So why couldn’t I put this book down?<br/><br/>Because Hawkins’ keeps the pacing taut, while still finding time to tell us enough about the characters to make us feel sorry for (most of) them, and even root for them to get their acts together. It’s skillfully done.<br/><br/>Does this make The Girl on the Train great literature? No. But it doesn’t need to be—thrillers aren’t expected to make us reexamine our outlook on life or impart a weighty lesson. They just need to entertain. And Hawkins’ latest novel does that in spades.<br/><br/>(For more reviews like this one, see www.nickwisseman.com)
It certainly kept me on the edge of my seat and guessing about the outcome. My biggest problem with the book was a lack of empathy with the major character in the story. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good mystery.
**I checked this out from my local library in exchange for continuing to love them every day**<br/><br/>How did I not know this was a mystery/thriller??? I mean seriously...I was expecting a happy story. Then when I started to read and it wasn't happy, I figured, oh chick lit. She'll get her poop together and then we'll all be happy.<br/><br/>I'd classify this as a thriller.<br/><br/>Rachel rides the train into London every day. Not to work, but to hide that she no longer has a job. When she looks out where she used to live...she focuses on a few houses before her old place. In a way to avoid looking at her old life that she just can't seem to get over. She makes up this whole story of the couple that lives there. Then one day, she sees the woman she has named Jess with another man. Rachel is furious, how could Jess do that to her wonderful husband? When Jess ends up missing, Rachel feels it is her duty to come forward with what she knows.<br/><br/>The story also follows Meagan, the missing woman and Anna the new wife of Rachel's ex-husband. But I feel, after reading it all, that really Rachel is the key figure. Maybe I just like her the best - lol. Oh did I mention Rachel drinks way too much and Anna is about ready to get a restraining order on her? And yet, I still like her better...<br/><br/>This book just whipped by keeping me on the edge of my seat until the very end. In the beginning it's not real exciting, more of laying the groundwork for the true ride at the end. Like Gone Girl, this story just grabbed me and kept me guessing until the very end.
Passengers on a train inadvertently get glimpses of countless segments of private lives while on their journeys.  In Girl On A Train Paula Hawkins has achieved a fine psychological/suspense mystery that draws on some aspects of Alfred Hitchcock and others of Agatha Christie. The result is an intriguing novel with a number of different voices which eventually combine to produce a surprising ending.<br/><br/>The train in question here is a north London suburban commuter line, trundling through small towns and neighborhoods on its way into the metropolis.  One of its regular passengers is Rachel, who has noticed a handsome young couple who often breakfast or relax in their back garden bordering the railway line.  Rachel amuses herself inventing a life for this couple and comes to regard them as her friends.  Then one morning she sees something odd.  Concerned, she begins to watch and investigate.  The story shifts, and we learn more about Rachel and fill in some gaps about the couple themselves.  Eventually, the tangled threads of several different lives knit together, and the result is life altering.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the atmosphere of Girl on a Train very much: the growing tension and unnerving plot twists set against the backdrop of rather prosaic reality.  Who among us has not observed strangers from a train or car window and wondered what their lives are like? And how many of us have seen something puzzling that, upon further reflection, could have truly ominous implications? I imagine we all have, and that's why Girl on a Train has such enormous appeal.
Paula Hawkins' "The Girl on the Train" is a high speed ride in audio<br/><br/>Early reviewers of this novel touted it as the next “Gone Girl." However, as wonderful as Gillian Flynn's novel is, Paula Hawkins' train overtakes it well before the end of the line. Hawkins' time-stamped structure of the story told in first person by three separate, but deeply entwined female main characters, lets the mystery unravel at just the right speed. The British accents of the three superb female narrators of the audio version of “The Girl on the Train” draw the reader (or listener) into the darkness of the unique tale and its unexpected climax. The voice inflections and diction variations between the jilted Rachel, jealous Anna, and twisted Megan are at times as mesmerizing as the prose.<br/><br/>Alcoholic protagonist Rachel's memory lapses and her struggles with the disease are central to the story line and her human frailty is so exposed and explored that no reader could deny her empathy and sympathy.<br/><br/>The female narrators do an outstanding job as well with the voices and acting of the roles of the major male characters, Scott and Tom, and with the minor male characters such as the red-handed man.<br/><br/>Even if someone has read the print or digital version of "The Girl on the Train," I recommend listening to the audio version, too. After following the narrators' British accents and the colloquialisms, I well understand the fervor shared with millions over the television series "Downton Abbey."<br/><br/>------ Darden North
This story kept me coming back for more. A page turner for sure. Having the story told by the three women was an interesting way to go and then the way it all came together was perfect. The intrigue and mystery was well done.
I knew this book was written as a mystery. I didn't know it was a murder mystery though going into it.  This made it even more up my alley being a Michael Connelly Fan.<br/><br/>Given that the plot of this book ultimately focused on murder, deceit, alcoholism, and abuse, it really had all of the things that I look forward to when I pick up a new mystery novel.  I thought this would be more of a book written for females by a female author, but it was not the case at all. I will have to branch out to new novelists now that I have read Paula Hawkins, as my past experience has led me to feel that if I want a good murder mystery without the focus being upon the tragedy of the death in the eyes of those around the dead, I need to read one from a male novelist.  I am not sexist as this seems a sexist comment, as I have attempted many female mystery novelists and haven't ever connected with one like this.  I will be getting all of Hawkin's work now, and will broaden my search for other authors.<br/><br/>Hawkins did a fantastic job of writing it, she hooked me. She did it just like my favorite author Connelly would, she made me feel like Bosch was missing something in his memories although there was no mention of any memory problems, she managed to develop and connect the reader with character as a person, as closely as she could in a single novel (thus my need to equate to Connelly's Bosch or Haller).<br/><br/>Read it, you won't regret it but don't start it if you aren't going to finish it in one sitting. This novel is a single sitting reader.  I loved it!
What a first time out for writer Paula Hawkins! I love thrillers and murder mysteries and this novel certainly is one. It pulls you into the mind of an alcoholic who blacks out and has to come clear to solve a mystery she is involved in. Or is she? Rachel is a very unusual protagonist. She's pretty pathetic as a human being. But the writer keeps you reading with one plot twist after another. Actually they are factual revelations that you discover by reading chapter after chapter. You get to see the viewpoints of all the women in the book and how they react to the men and to each other.<br/><br/>There are three women:Rachel, Anna, the new wife of Tom and Megan, a woman she sees from a train. Rachel takes the same train every day even though she's been fired for drunkenness.<br/><br/>Hawkins moves you seamlessly through the 3 women's point of view and at times you feel like wanting to kill Rachel yourself. There is Tom, the ex husband, Scott, the husband of Megan who Rachel sees from the train and the psychiatrist, Kamal,  who Rachel sees kissing Megan from the train. Confused yet?  I was at times, but I kept reading and read the whole novel in two night. Not usual for me.<br/><br/>Rachel keeps insinuating herself into the plot deeper and deeper until the police in Birmingham, England the venue, take notice.<br/>They kind of write her off as a drunk but keep an eye on her.<br/>Either Rachel has completely lost her mind or she is trying to find it.<br/>You will find it and the answers if you read this at first confusing but very satisfying novel.
I think I set the bar a bit too high with all of the Gone Girl comparisons. I did enjoy the book but felt the beginning was a bit slow. Once the pace picked up I quite enjoyed it. I would say It is definitely worth the read!
Unsympathetic main character. Awful attempt at a twist without any clever or interesting misleads. Do not believe any review that compares this to Gone Girl. Although I was desperate for the main girl in the book to be gone.
Quite an intriguing story, kept me interested till the end -I can't say I liked any of the women, they were weak and could not face reality!  I really like to have a heroine when I read a book - none qualified in this story!
Wow! Loved this book from the second I started reading it (read in one day) cause I couldn't put it down. One of the main characters Rachel is so interging from the beginning to end. Did you love Gone Girl? This book is for you!
To say this book represents a Gillian Flynn novel is an INSULT to Gillian Flynn! Whoever is the publist for this author decserves a big fat promotion....if any new authors are out there, find this publists because he/she is a genius! FIRST, I AM NOT RELATED TO GILLIAN FLYNN, despite my name, it's my maiden name. Although, I did graduate from Kansas University, ROCK CHALK!<br/>I bought the audio version since I do a lot of driving for work. This book is painful to listen to. The ladies that narrate are good, the story is just aweful. The other reviews that you see with low stars are honest. There are no characters in the book that you like, can root for, or want to see suceed. I strongly disliked the main character, Rachel. A human being that gave up on life and blames everyone else and life for her current situation. All the main characters are miserable in their lives and take no responsibility for their actions. When the main characters find themselves in a bad situation nothing is done to strive forward or change the situation. Poor me, poor me, poor me. I was ready to smack my head up against the wall 90 minutes into the book. No matter how bad I think a book is, I can not stop, I have to finsh. I only have 3 hours to go and I can't wait to be finsished! I seriously considered going to the library to read the ending, but that would be cheating. I will be suffering through the last three hours to see the final outcome. Don't waist your credit or money. Ask your friend that read or listened to the book to give you the reader's digest version.
Though it captured my attention from the beginning, it was not a good book. The characters lacked any kind of development and in the end were all deserving of each other's insanity.  Not a fan and don't understand the hype.
I did not know that this was a Thriller,when I bought mit.I disliked it entirely ,but have to admit that I could not stop reading about those horrible Characters.each one as flawed,as can be. No,that is not what I read for.
I did not enjoy this book as much as I thought I would.  I didn't like the characters & frankly, was bored with the main character before I finished the book.  The ending was predictable.  Don't waste your time on this one.
Did not enjoy this book.  I found the storyline and characters depressing.  The Orphan Train was my favorite read of the year.  Except for personal determination...I could have left this train long before the trip was over.
The story is intriguing. But the way this story is constructed is poetic. You don't want to put it down .... dying to know what happens ... but then you don't want it to end.  A great read. I was able to picture ever scene.
I really enjoyed this book. Usually I can figure out the killer but this time I was blind sighted. The author really keeps you guessing. She makes you feel a real empathy for the female characters. A good read!! Gwynne Gall
We can easily appreciate the mixed reaction to “Train” and the inevitable comparisons to “Gone Girl” (which we had previously read). We also expect it may resonate better with most women than most men, as we spend much of the novel inside the heads of three different women, in sort of an existential discussion of relationship issues and everyday angst.<br/><br/>The premise was pretty catchy – a woman who commutes daily on an hour-long train ride (between home and London) gets to “know” some of the residents she can see from the train, when it routinely stops mid-route for traffic issues. She is particularly enchanted with a couple named Jason and Jess, and fantasizes all sorts of goings-on about them. Soon enough we get to meet the couple in real life as the plot begins to unfold; and then we get alternating chapters of progress from Rachel (the train girl); Anna, Rachel’s ex-husband’s new wife; and “Jess”, the other woman. The interrelationships between these characters and their men, with occasional asides from Rachel’s roommate, eventually lead to a mysterious disappearance, shades of “Gone Girl”. A suspenseful latter half reveals all, with what seemed to us a poignant ending.<br/><br/>We liked the very clever way that the author slowly uncovered what was really going on –it took a little while, but had us turning pages rapidly. While many readers will not necessarily find the three women that endearing, all the crossed interactions between them were intriguing to say the least. In the end, we were quite pleased and highly entertained.
I chose this book because of all the buzz generated recently and because it has been compared to Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl".  I felt, after reading, it didn't quite live up to my very high expectations and I could find no similarity to the other book, other than both left me feeling uncomfortable after reading them.<br/><br/>In this book, Rachel is a girl on a train.  She rides into the city everyday, hiding the fact she's lost her job due to her chronic alcoholism.  During her daily travels, she looks out the window and starts to fantasize about the daily lives of those she sees living in a house that used to belong to her...until her disease destroyed her marriage and life.  One day, she discovers the person living in her old home has gone missing and she thinks she might have a clue that could help solve the crime.  No one, however, wants to believe her.<br/><br/>This book made me uncomfortable from beginning to end.  That is always the case with an unreliable narrator and I don't think I've ever seen more of an unreliable character than Rachel.  She is a hot mess from beginning to end.  Her actions, bordering on insane at most points, made me so angry at her stupidity and weakness that I wanted to throw the book.  I alternated between anger, pity, and sadness--as did Rachel herself and all those whose lives she interacted with.  The ending, though, made the journey worthwhile and it's one of those twists that are impossible to see coming.  Overall, it was a great read...just not worthy of the 5 stars I had wanted it to be.
Great read!! I rarely give 5 Stars but this book totally deserves it.<br/><br/>I loved the plot; a very sad, lonely, drunk, yet sympathetic woman cannot seem to let her ex husband go and move on with her life. She certainly has reason to be angry with him, he dumped her for another woman, but 2 years later she is still obsessed to the point of losing everyone and everything in her life. At times you really feel for her but other times you just want to shake her and tell her to get over it.<br/><br/>One drunken night, while she (Rachel), acts on an impulse and decides to show up at her ex husband's house, she finds herself in the middle out of a missing persons investigation.<br/><br/>The story is told alternately between the points of view of Rachel, Anna (former mistress, current wife of Rachel's ex) and Megan (missing women).  As the plot unfolds, we find out more about each woman, their lives, histories and motives. We also realize how little people really know about others and how outside impressions can be very deceiving.<br/><br/>While reading this book, I didn't really find myself reflecting on the writing style. To me, that means it was written seamlessly for the story. The book was easy to get hooked on, I couldn't put it down once I got started. The ending was not what I had expected. Although  the 'bad guy' was one of several on my list, I really didn't figure it out until very near the end.<br/><br/>I highly recommend reading this book. I'd love to hear others thoughts on it. It would make a great book club read.
This well-written, alternatiing character novel was slow to grab me, but I read on 'cause everyone I know seemed to love this book. I read on and was glad I had, but it gave me no great pleasure or intellectual take-away.
If you like Gone Girl,you will probably like this.As I did not like Gone Girl at all,there you are.Idiotic,repugnant characters.I was warned by the previews,my fault for reading.At least it was free with Kindle unlimited.
I could not put it down. I liked the back and forth between characters and time periods.  I tried unsuccessfully to try and solve the mystery . I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes a suspenseful thriller read!
Over 5000 reviews so not much more to add here... But....<br/><br/>Did I enjoy this book?  Yes.<br/><br/>Is it a page turner?  Yes.<br/><br/>Did I want to read this book when I wasn't?  Yes.  So got through it in a day and a half.  Nice way to spend a rainy weekend...<br/><br/>Was it worth the Kindle price?  ($9.17 US) Yes.<br/><br/>Did I learn something form this book? No.  With some books you walk away knowing that you have learned something about life or some aspect of life and in some ways, have grown from the experience.  But to be fair, while I did enjoy this book immensely, I am not a wiser/better person for it.<br/><br/>SPOILER ALERT<br/>SPOILER ALERT<br/>SPOILER ALERT<br/>SPOILER ALERT<br/>SPOILER ALERT<br/><br/>Ok, if Megan never told anyone but her therapist about Libby (and he's not allowed to say) and Mac is dead, how did the media find out?
Hmm...reminded me most of Gone Girl, not because they both have Girl in the title, but because of a few unlikely plot points (lost memories that can be retrieved over time and persons who are so totally and completely not who you think they are) that didn't really make the story any less entertaining. Read both and you'll know what I mean. In fairness, I preferred this book over that because, once the unraveling occurred, it seemed less contrived than the other. I read through TGOTT pretty quickly, which is to say that it kept my interest throughout.<br/><br/>I liked the good-girl-gone bad aspect (or, at least, gone alcoholic and out of control, I do think that this kind of thing can happen in real life), (p 79), "I felt isolated in my misery. I became lonely, so I drank a bit, and then a bit more, and then I became lonelier, because no one likes being around a drunk," and even the way the various characters were connected, in small and large ways. I also liked the writing. And I found the behavior of the female characters, as well as the story told alternating from their three different perspectives, in general, believable.<br/><br/>In summary, an entertaining murder-mystery of sorts set in England and told over the period of about a year (in flashback) about a good girl gone bad, the circumstances that contributed to her delinquency, and her efforts to solve a murder mystery. Better: Gillian Flynn's Dark Places, A Tale for the Time Being by Ruth Ozeki and The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency by Alexander McCall Smith.
When I first started this book, I thought I might not read it through. BUT – and isn’t there always a but – I continued on just to see why the author had decided on this form of writing.  Well, it wasn’t long before I started thinking, I was thinking split personality, perhaps a three-way split. Now I really got involved in the book.  The end was such a shock that I hadn’t seen it coming at all.  The Why and the Wherefore of the gist of a story always gets to me, sometimes even the title alone. But one thing stood out in my mind.... when we traveled when the kids were young, one thing we always did was to look thru house windows as we drove by any built up area. A single quick peak of what  we saw. While we drove, there are people in their homes and “home” always is a safe place, warm and comforting – so we think – the girl on the train had it all wrong. How many times do we do that ourselves! So many things are just not what they seem. An endearing hug can actually be a prelude to murder. A quick peak – interesting what the mind can deduce just from that quick peak!  I wonder if I will ever feel that way again?? But to go a bit further, we do have a tendency to  interpret things the way we want to – I think most people do. But, as you read this book, you must remember that “nothing is what it seems” and this girl wanted so much to interpret the quick peak as she wanted - very much as we do. I would highly recommend reading this book if ever you’ve caught yourself  doing that. Don’t even try to figure out the ending..... great book!!
Chapters titled with characters names seemed to jump all around.  I found it a little difficult to keep up with the<br/>storyline if I put it down for a bit and then went back to reading.  Who is the character now?
If Paula Hawkins takes a few very intense writing classes featuring "character development" and learns the definition of "linear motivation" she could become a world-winning writer. Right now it is difficult for me to understand why the female characters all have the same "I need fulfillment through becoming a mother or do penance for losing my baby" (with the remarkable exception of the only nice person in the novel--the "protagonist's college friend and landlord); and all but the 'villain' are vainly trying to fix the problem. The attempts to create viable red herring maneuvers were awkward; and rather obvious. I also got so very tired of the constant whining and the tidal wash back and forth across alcoholism. The coincidental nature of the characters' involvement with each other seemed quite contrived--but I gave that a "oh well, anything for plot development" nod of tolerance.<br/>All the glowing reviews mystify me. Have we slipped so far with the ready access reading material that standards have diminished in terms of expectations of a good book? Unfortunately what is lacking or just plain badly written in this book will stay with me for too long a time.<br/>The good: The timeline approach to the plot was interesting although I sometimes had to check the chapter heading to figure out which character was  narrating. The modified stream of consciousness technique could be used with greater skill; but served the purpose in this novel for narration.
It took me a bit to get into the story. It too too long to go from plain depressing to interesting. It had a nice plot twist, but had it not been for book club, I'd have given up on it a quarter of the way through.
The Girl on the Train:  A Novel is written in an intriguing, suspenseful manner.  It is only in the last few pages does it become evident where the story is going.  For a quick, entertaining read..this is the book.
This is probably one of the more captivating thrillers I have read in recent memory. For a debut novelist (career as a journalist notwithstanding), Paula Hawkins has really produced quite an exceptional whodunnit, and with an ingenious structure and narrative style, that worked really well.<br/><br/>Three women, Rachel, Anna and Megan, share the narrative, and the chapters indicate the time and day of events, as each character sees and experiences them. Rachel travels daily to London on a train to her office and passes by a row of houses each day. She has become particularly enamoured with a couple in one of these houses, whom she names Jason and Jess. But there is more than just random voyeurism that draws her attention to that particular neighbourhood, and Hawkins takes her time revealing important details, as Rachel's story becomes intertwined with Anna's and Megan's, and how these women are connected becomes integral to the central plot, when a crime occurs.<br/><br/>Hawkins keeps the reader hooked to the many twists and turns in the story, and it is to her credit that she takes time to build up her characters, especially Rachel, the titular girl on the train, who is as pitiable as she is a deplorable parasitic mess. Despite these contrary feelings she incites in the reader, she endears as well and repels, and we are never quite sure if we can fully trust her. The sense of unease permeates the story and the reader cannot rest easy until he or she reaches the last page. A very intriguing read.
GIRL ON THE TRAIN has received rave reviews but IMHO is is a very slow train about some strange people.<br/><br/>Rachael takes the same commuter train into London every day and through the quirks of the signalling system most days it slows or stops near a row of houses in the London suburbs. She can see something of the people living in each house in the row from the train and even gives some of them names, Gradually you realise that Rachael is interested because she used to live in one of the houses.<br/><br/>The plot unfurls slowly as we get to know more about Rachael, her drinking problems and the reasons for her fixation on the houses and their occupants. She cannot move on from her past and keeps trying to connect with the people she sees from the train, although some of them don't want to see her.<br/><br/>This is basically a psychological thriller that unfolds page by page to give you a bigger picture of what happened and what is happening. Unfortunately it unfolded too slowly for me to get absorbed in the story and I put it down several times because I couldn't connect with what it was about.<br/><br/>The only thing that I did connect with was the train journey as many years ago I commuted to London on  a train that frequently stopped at a junction between two lines. I remember seeing the back gardens and windows of the nearby houses, but never had a clear view of any of the occupants.<br/><br/>My thanks to The Reading Room and the publisher for a copy of this book.
If I had known this novel was such an unmitigated Drunk-a-log, I would not have asked for it. However there is no doubt much accuracy in the alcoholic misery of the main character - the fear, self-loathing and remorse Rachel experiences. The author presents the problem but certainly not the solution. But that particular solution doesn't appear to be what's intended.<br/><br/>Slow start, it would seem. Chug chug. A lot of work getting the theme of the train into place. Often feels contrived although interesting, good scenes. Builds. To me one main thrust is the lifestyle, the interconnection and behavior of the players, especially the hoydenish aggressive sexuality of the women. These contemporary female characters are extremely well developed and the males not bad... but we get the thought processes of the women, not the men. Point of view keeps shifting and I think this works well.<br/><br/>The train gathers speed. We are drawn, breathing heavily, into the dilemma Rachel is in as she keeps addictively inserting herself where by polite and sane standards, she doesn't belong. But we can feel what draws her, her neediness. We aren't really disgusted but know we ought to be. I think we care and fear for her. I'd bet we recognize pieces of ourselves.<br/><br/>And then - into the terminal with a strange and satisfying conclusion. We realize the other main thrust: a combination of self-delusion and victimization via mental abuse and outright compulsive lying. You'd drink too, right?
This is a very clever book.  I really don't get the comparisons to Hitchock, except for the "Rear Window" premise of someone observing (sort of) a crime from a distance.  I enjoyed the diary-like entries of the various characters from their point of view.  As each reveals their view of the events happening around them, clues emerge one by one in a tantalizing way, twisting and turning the plot.  That said, I'm not sure why it's a best seller, other than it is hard to put down but in a can'tl-take-my-eyes-off-the-train-wreck sort of way.  It's not a cozy novel to relax and read by the fire. It's very depressing with none of the characters having any really redeeming qualities.  Indeed, most of them are very, very self-centered and probably more flawed than they needed to be.  The main character is a self-destructing drunk who makes bad choice after bad choice and never really seems to learn anything from her constant mistakes (this gets really tiring and thin by the end of the book).  Yes it's a mystery, but it's also a very unflattering, gritty look at addiction and what it does to ruin people's lives.  The addictions are substance abuse, serial infidelity, selfishness and disregard for our fellow human beings.  If anything it reminded me that all of us need to reach out to others more often.  We get caught up in our own lives and selfish needs, that we don't look at the suffering of others.  That's really what this book is all about.  It's not a relaxing read by any means.
I did not care for the book or the writing style. Sometimes slow and confusing but finally does draw to a conclusion. The main character ( who tells most of the story ) is a frustratingly weak and annoying victim.
A gripping novel that you won't be able to put down. The author's writing had me continually guessing "who done it" and trying to piece together each character's back story to solve the mystery for myself.
Gripping story of three women, forever tied together. The story told by each of them. A page turner.... Twist and turns at every bend while telling the story as sounds of the train on the tracks... click clack....
Hitchcock would not be pleased with the comparison.  Disjointed, repetitive and filled with thoroughly  unpleasant characters.  At the end of this novel I didn't care what happened to any of them.  Skip this book.
Girl on a Train by Paula Hawkins<br/>PG13 for language and sexual situations<br/><br/>The Book:<br/>Rachel considers herself worthless and turns to the bottle. She loses her job but continues to ride the commuter train twice a day to trick her landlady. She passes the home of her ex-husband Tom and his new wife Anna.<br/><br/>Because of a signal malfunction she often finds her trail stopped on the tracks next to her former home. She notices another couple. She refers to them as Jess and Jason and manufactures a narrative about their lives.<br/><br/>When Megan (real name of Jess) disappears Rachel finds herself in the police investigation. She was stalking the neighborhood the night of the disappearance. Because she drinks to a point where she has blackouts she has only sketchy memory of the night and unexplained wounds on her body.<br/><br/>The book is in three first person voices: Rachel, Megan and Anna.<br/>My Thoughts:<br/>I know why this book has been on the New York’s Best Selling list for the past few months. It’s good and easy to follow with the different dates and times at each section.<br/>This is a raw look at the world of alcohol and human carnage. There were surprises all the way until the end. This book has a powerful messages.<br/><br/>The take-away:<br/>People lie to themselves and others. (Value Truth)<br/>Men and women expect different things out of a relationship. (Value Insight)<br/>Sex outside marriage damages relationships. (Value Marriage)
Loved the premise of the book and enjoyed the chapter division between Rachel, Anna and Megan.  However, I just could not connect with any of the characters and found a lot of repetition and unbelievable actions.
Protagonist was not likable, in fact, very annoying. Story was just alright. Kept my interest because I wanted to know how it ended, hence, the 3 stars. Would I read anything from this author again, probably not.
Really, more of a 2.5 star review. The initial premise of a troubled woman who becomes engrossed in the "passing lives" of a couple whose home she sees daily from her train commute is a good one. Unfortunately, it was the highpoint of the book for me. I'd guessed the plot by about page 60, and really kept reading to see if I was correct. (I was) I truly kept hoping I would be surprised. The story is told from the point of view of three women: Rachel, Megan and Anna, with Rachel being the main character. She's a drunk. Eventually, she becomes an such erratic unlikable, needy repetitive drunk, I was just kind of hoping she'd jump from the train. The plot is facilitated by convenient blackouts, which I could buy into, but it's the clipped points of view of the other two characters that I found to be weak writing. The chapters from Megan and Anna's POV are limited because they're clearly holding back information they know--particularly Megan. A red flag example is a short Megan chapter dedicated to inner thoughts about her lover, whom she refers to as "he." The lack of a proper noun tells me the "he" she's having an affair with in this chapter is a different "he" than was mentioned by name in an earlier chapter. With only so many characters in the book, "he" became quite obvious. If you don't think too hard while reading, I can see where The Girl on the Train is an interesting book. I don't think the plot is anything close to masterful.
A fine, absorbing mystery.  I have to admit I figured out the mystery before the end, but I read lots of mysteries and recognize the subtle clues.  Still, I enjoyed it thoroughly, and the ending did surprise me. It's an interwoven story, alternating between the perspective of three different women. They are connected to each other either through marriage (one is an ex-wife of a male character, the other the second wife) or by the fact that they live/lived in the same suburban neighborhood south of London.  The ex-wife, Rachel, devastated by the breakup, is reduced to alchoholism and emotional instability. She drunkenly harrasses her ex-husband and his new wife, and dreams of what might have been as she passes her former neighborhood on her train commute.  She becomes fixated on another couple in that neighborhood that she glimpses on these trips.  One morning she witnesses the woman with a different man, and her illusion of the perfect couple she had in her head is shattered.  She becomes even more disturbed when the woman, named Megan, disappears without a trace.  Determined to find out what happened, she inserts herself into the investigation by reporting what she saw to the police.  Hampered by her abuse issues and a blackout that occured the very night Megan disappeared, and unaware of Megan's own emotional issues, Rachel's desperation to find the answers lead to some interesting revelations and a final confrontation with person responsible for Megan's disappearance.
Rachel’s life is off the rails. Unable to conceive, her husband leaves her for another woman and immediately has a baby. The twice-daily journey to and from London forces Rachel to ride by the house she once loved, envisioning the blissful family she lost. She creates a fantasy life for a neighboring couple she sees during her train ride, developing them into the perfect couple. When the woman inexplicably disappears, Rachel injects herself into the investigation, but her alcoholism does more than discredit her. She loses her job, her roommate threatens to kick her out, and the black-outs start. Struggling to differentiate between reality and fantasy, Rachel must uncover the truth over what happened in order to reclaim her life.<br/><br/>Told through the eyes of Rachel, her husband’s new wife, and the woman who disappeared, this novel explores an array of issues, including adultery, alcoholism, and loss. The informal style indirectly delineates the characters, making them flawed and real. Rachel’s inability to stop drinking amidst her confusion and desperate need to recall events is poignant. The women’s differences uniquely show their similarities and form reader empathy.<br/><br/>This is a character-based novel, with the mystery of the crime placed in the background. It is a successful stylistic device. However, the interjection of past timeline in a mostly chronological sequence is confusing. A linear approach would benefit pacing without sacrificing suspense.
Too much hype. I really expected more. Modern day women allowing themselves to be abused by men. Sorry, I don't see how this book received any good reviews. It was difficult to finish and a disappointing ending.
I found it very boring and quite about half way through. I can't understand the reason for the great reviews and sales of this book. It must just be me, but I give it one star because that is as low as I can go.
Captivating, messed up story that had me guessing the outcome all the way until the last chapter. Very well-written characters with totally thought provoking plot. Probably the best book that I've read in years!
The Girl On The Train was an easy Summer read, easily finished in a couple of days. None of the characters in the book are likable people, but that lends more to the story than detracts from it, or it could have if the author had provided a little more character development for a couple of the characters. The main character, Rachel, is a divorced alcoholic who wastes her time daydreaming about the lives of strangers while in denial of what a mess her own life has become. Her ex-husband has moved on with a new wife and has a child, but she is in denial about her place in his life. She spends her days riding a train from her flat to London, and each day, she passes by their house -- her former house. When she interjects herself into the lives of strangers, she ends up embroiled in a missing persons case. Because she drinks too much and lies too much, her sincere desire to help comes across as attention-seeking and unstable. Her constant lies hurt the victims and only make her look more insane. When she starts telling the truth, nobody believes anything she says. The ending was somewhat contrived, but there had to be an ending, and better this one than one of the alternatives, I guess. The reasoning behind the perpetrator's actions were hidden from the reader for too long. Everything that could have been discussed throughout the book was shoved into the last few pages. By the end, I was satisfied and enjoyed it, but it could have been tweaked for a bit more suspense.
I honestly can't believe it's on the Best Seller list.  It is dark, brooding story of a very, very psychotic, alcoholic woman.  Didn't like it at all and would recommend you save your money and not download it!
The book was suspenseful and kept my attentiona all the way through it.  I never wanted to put it down.  The main character was interesting and her behavior never ceased to amaze me.  The ending was a surprise.
I read for enjoyment and this book is not enjoyable. The characters are starkly sick in the head. But the writing holds the reader tightly.  So I held on till the end only because I had to know, WHO DID IT.....
It's a page turner but has an improbable plot.  The three main women characters are extremely annoying.  I figured out "whodunit" long before the end but couldn't put it down until I confirmed my guess.
Oh goodness... I just finished this one and to be honest, I feel exhausted! It was complex, well thought out, and had tons of twists and turns. I really enjoyed the story, but it took me a few days to finish it because you had to pay attention to the simple parts. Each and every word played an intricate part in the story as a whole.<br/><br/>The Girl on The Train pulled me in with the creep factor and tangled me up in a web of lies. My mind was working double time trying to figure out what in the world was going on. The characters were so complex and weird... I started off thinking that Rachel was disgusting and hopeless, but then with a faint of heart, I started to feel really bad for her. She wasn't right in the head and I knew the secrets would slowly reveal themselves.<br/><br/>They compared this story to Gone Girl and I would say that's an accurate comparison. If you are looking for a book with sexy scenes though, this book probably isn't for you... Yes, there were intimate interactions, but the Author just grazed the surface by mentioning and moving along.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this book to readers looking for a good book that leaves you thinking.... What in the heck just happened? Please remember though, it is slow at times because in order to follow the story you need lots of details and the Author gives us LOTS of descriptions and little points you think are non sense at the time. They do play a crucial part in the end though!
Excellent writing, with a very likable heroine that is far from perfect. Lots of angst and demons and things that go bump into the night. Rachel is the main character who suffers alcoholic blackouts, frequently. She tries to stop drinking, and get her life together, but she can't. She is riding the train everyday to keep her roommate/landlord from knowing that she was fired from her job. From the train she passes her old house, and sees her ex-husband with his new wife, and their new baby. He had an affair with the new wife, while he was still married to Rachel. She can't move on, and this is a big part of the plot. A few houses down, she sees another married couple, obviously still in love.. She begins to fantasize about who they are, and what they do in their garden that faces the train, and in their house, behind closed doors. When the woman, Megan, disappears, things heat up for Rachel, and she starts to insert herself in the investigation. Her ex-husband Tom, and new wife, Anna, see<br/>her hanging around Megan's house and talking to her husband, Scott.  They fear she will start harassing them, again, and they call the police. She is warned to stay away from Tom and Anna, and Scott, and let the police do their jobs. She can't because in an alcoholic fugue, she knows she was a witness to what happened to Megan. The police will never believe she is anything other than a deranged alcoholic, but someone does, and that puts her in danger. Read this book.
Contemporary Suspense, Romantic elements<br/><br/>London<br/><br/>Every day Rachel takes the same commuter train.  Each day she goes by a stretch of cozy suburban homes and stops at a signal that lets her watch the same couple as they have breakfast on their deck.  Every day she looks forward to it.  After so much time she feels like she knows them and she calls them Jess and Jason.  As far as she can tell their life is perfect. Like the life she recently lost.<br/><br/>Then one day she sees something that shocks her. It takes just a minute before the train moves on but it is long enough. Now nothing is the same. Rachel goes to the police to share what she knows. The police though feel she is unreliable but is she? All too soon she is deeply entangled in the lives of those involved. She is also deeply involved in the investigation. Now the question is has she done more harm than good.<br/><br/>This is a great suspense story that keeps the reader engrossed until the very end.  Just as the reader thinks they know where the story is headed it takes another twist that will have readers wondering just how this one is going to end. The characters are well written and so is the plot. While some readers might figured out how it is going to end there is still enough twists that it will keep readers turning the pages.  This is one story that readers will find very hard to put down and will stay up all night to finish.  This is one book that is a must read.
I wound up putting down the book. Too wordy for me and too focused on the character's drinking. Expected something quicker paced and less psychological. I love English mysteries but this wasn't the one for me.
The book overall failed keep me interested - I had to force myself to finish it.  The main character was a bit too pathetic for my taste, and I found myself getting increasingly irritated with her actions.
I thought the writing was good and the POV changes interesting, but the story was slow, and I figured out who the murderer was early.  Most of the story was about a woman losing her battle with alcoholism.
In some ways, Paula Hawkins' book, "The Girl on the Train" is reminiscent of Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl": a beautiful wife disappears, her terribly distraught husband can't understand why she left and is desperate to find her, an intensive police investigation ensues, the reader is fed various confusing and often misleading clues, all of which culminate in a surprise ending. A big difference here, however, is that instead of focusing on one dysfunctional couple, TGOTT has a myriad of dysfunctional characters to throw even the most jaded reader into complete confusion as to "who dun it". I like that, not being able to figure it out. I also like how the author keeps feeding us with hints and revelations which turn our own suspicions around to keep us a bit off balance. It seems an effective way to keep us on our toes and glued to the pages. My emotions were skillfully manipulated so that I evolved from being increasingly annoyed with Rachel, the lead character, who rode a train every day and made up imaginary stories about a couple she saw from her train window. These fanciful musings led me to pity Rachel. Pity for Rachel eventually turned to admiration as she gradually evolved from being a lying drunk who could not accept that her marriage had ended two years ago, to a woman who finally began growing a spine. Yay for her! And yay for the author who is an admirable storyteller and a darn good writer.
I am thrown off by all of the Gone Girl references. This was not even similar in plot, to me anyway.<br/>I struggled a bit with it. The writing style was multiple POV's, which is fine, but at times very confusing. I kept putting it down and when I picked it up I was often confused as to which “voice” I was reading and had to backtrack a bit.<br/>Did I think it was predictable? Yes. I had it a figured out fairly early on. I think that might come from reading too many books. Others may not see through the characters deception(s) so easily.<br/><br/>Did I like it? Yes. I liked it.<br/>It was repetitive at times, but I still found it enjoyable. I found myself more curious with the Anna chapters the most versus the actual Girl on the Train; Rachel. I felt that Rachel being a drunk was jammed down our throats along with all the booze she consumed. Her character was very troubled and it went well beyond her booze addiction. The drinking problem was the focus even though an alcoholic typically would not waste their money on train fare when they can buy another bottle.<br/>Even though I knew “who-dun-it”, I liked the ending and how it all finally came to a head.<br/><br/>Would I tell others to read it? Sure. It was tough for me to rate. It did not knock my socks off, but I did finish it and thought it was an ok read. It was a good debut novel and I think I might be in the minority with my opinions, so I say give it a try.
I don't like it at all...going back and forth with chapters no fun...will see what book club group says...<br/>read first third and then the last pages...skipped the middle but got the gist of the story.
Hated it. Could not figure out why it was on the best seller list. It was crap and tired of her being an alcoholic all of the time. Had I not paid money for the book, I would not have finished reading it.
I found this book to be a dreary U.K. version of Gone Girl, but without the suspense and slick writing of Gillian Flynn. I can't decide which character  I liked the least, but they were all uninteresting.
I simply found it uninteresting although the idea of having the story revolve around a girl's observations over time as she views things out her train window was innovative. The book was just not for me.
I don't know why so many people loved this book so much.  To me it was<br/>really depressing and not at all something that I cared to waste time reading about.<br/>Sorry, it just did not float my boat.
The story...told in three separate female voices....leads down different paths. It should be considered a cautionary tale  not to believe everything that you see or hear. It is a good, fun and easy read.
Characters were not likable.
This book has great reviews, but it is a disappointment.  There is no character that you can relate to and the story is somewhat rediculous, I found it tedious to read, slow and not gripping at all.
Became tedious after a while, being drunk, hangovers and minding everyone else's business.  Good "twist" at the end helped a lot.<br/><br/>Didn't like flashbacks and alternating narrators.
A real page turner, TGOTT never lets up for a moment, great character development with spellbinding descriptions that evoke sympathy, suspense, trepidation and ongoing curiosity building to the end.
Getting ready to go to the gym I'd decided I should finish reading the last 20 pages of The Girl on the Train before I go. So I did read the last 20 pages and now I'm writing this.<br/><br/>I rated the book 3 stars. When an author writes a book using different main character narratives, each person narrating will have a different associative behavior, different style of speaking, different thought waves, impressions, analysis, just talking in their personal way that is distinctive from everyone else.<br/><br/>But, in The Girl on the Train each separate character narration had the same voice. In other words, the author uses the same internal thinking processes for Rachel, Anna and Megan. Paula Hawkins the author, should have given the women unique individual personalities to process situations differently.<br/><br/>Wordiness is distinctively featured in this novel; using one thought and telling it several times in one sentence gets irritating and boring. Telling the reader is also distinctively disruptive in this novel. Creative editing as well as substituting a wordy sentence for perhaps two or three better descriptive words would have livened up the irritating parts.<br/><br/>However, well done Hawking for writing a psychological murder mystery featuring three dysfunctional women, as well as two dysfunctional men in a society drowning in lies, deceit and alcohol. :)
.It is not my kind of book.  With Kindle you could read something about the book  before you  ordered  the book.  That is not always the case now.<br/>  Where aare the free books that kindle  had?
This book is being compared to "Gone Girl" but is not even close.  While the plot had several twists and turns, It was illogical and far fetched.  I could find no empathy for any of the characters.
Was a rather tedious book. None of the characters were especially engaging. I figured out "who done it" fairly early. Probably would have not finished it but was on vacation with few books.
This book kept me turning the page wondering what was real. The fact that it is told from different points of view is intriguing and gives the reader insight that each person has their own reality.
I think that what the book lacked in the beginning and middle, it made up for in the ending. I, of course, won't spoil it here, but it is very slow up until the ending which was somewhat predictable. The characters, main included, are somewhat dry, and altogether predictable. I can't help but imagine that the book would have been a much better read if told from Anna's perspective, as she was one of the only complex characters. Affairs are the key point of the book, though none take turns away from the predictable. The book spoils itself around the middle--towards the end, providing 1-2 red herrings before finally settling into the finale; naturally tidying the story and hitting all of the tropes of a murder mystery unabashedly. For myself, I read the book expecting the caliber of story that a Gillian Flynn novel may provide, a good airport page-turner to get me through a flight. Though this was a book that bored me in the beginning, middle, hooked me 30 pages before the ending, and finally disappointed me. I usually refrain from giving negative reviews, but honestly I wish someone would have let me know that there was better junk-lit out there. Try Gillian Flynn, Stephen King, or anything really. If you are tremendously bored, give this one a go. I couldn't pay attention to this book and ended up playing with my napkin if that gives you any notion of how this book is read.
Disappointed in the characters and shallow subplots.  The book tries too hard to intertwine characters and stories in ways that make no sense. For the sophisticated reader, pass on this one.
It's a great read. The kind of book that you have to get back to.<br/>I'm looking for something else like this, but they are hard to find. Books by Paula Daly are comparable.<br/>Have fun!
Kept my attention but hard to get into. The characters are not very likable and their constant poor decision making and low self esteems made me uncomfortable and frustrated. Wrapped up a little too neatly at the end.
Interesting prmise but plot becomes to predictable.  Main character could be better developed as could several of minor characters.  Lack of character development lessens the impact of story
I would venture to guess that more people have reviewed this book than one can imagine.  Would love to add something significant, but where should I begin.  Each of the characters had a story which pulled me into their persona.  The author painted a vivid picture of a landscape filled with souls that had endured "pain" literally and figuratively.  When I was growing up, our family lived right above the railroad tracks.<br/>During the winter months we would take our sleds and slide down the steep embankment .  Several times we just missed having our small stupid bodies splattered to smithereens by the shinny Wabash massive machine.  The passengers always had an incredulous look on their faces as they were carried on to their destinations.  As I trudged back up the steep hill, I often wondered whether they were inbound or outbound.  Maybe Rachel was on one of these journeys.  I too have a vivid imagination.<br/><br/>Although I write many reviews on craft books on my blog site at www.rite-it.blogspot.com  and Amazon, I was pulled into this compelling story and my level of comfort in many ways.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a captivating "who done it."  Words of caution though, be sure you read the "names" at the top of each chapter.  Helps clarify who is setting the scene.
It's a good little pot boiler but I wouldn't rave about it. I got it on Kindle so I didn't spend big. For 11 dollars AUD it was value for money. It helped me get to know Kindle and that was educational. Actually people are not looking for really profound books. A famous painter spent a lot of time producing low-level paintings for tourists to get cash. But he did do high quality work which hangs in art galleries. But t he low-level paintings were his bread and butter. I am talking about Picasso. Dame Nellie Melba a famous Australian singer said "Sing 'em muck" because that was how she made money and of course the present rock stars sing nothing but muck and they are laughing all the way to the bank. Sam Johnson said that he wrote for money and that was the only sensible thing to write for. And he is right. One can produce high quality books that are profound but I doubt that they would bring in the big bucks. Maybe Paula can write some profound stuff that will make a mark in literature but she won't get much increase in her bank balance. Paula said that she came from Zimbabwe. Maybe she could do a quality product on the decline of Zimbabwe under Mugabe. It might add to our understanding of the unfortunate predicamen to the people of Zimbabwe and make a real mark in literature. But she wouldn't make money out of it.
This book holds secrets.<br/>There's a lot of darkness. Lots of wondering about what goes on behind closed doors. People wondering about how much they really know a person. And why is this woman riding on a train day after day after day?<br/>And then everything starts getting pieced together via the thoughts of a drunk, an serial adulterer, and a... narcissistic adulterer.<br/>I guess at the end all I have to say is: Don't marry someone you don't know well.<br/>And now lets talk about the sanctity of marriage. Why oh why must everyone be an adultering w---e? Why can't people just get married and not sleep around?<br/><br/>I've read a lot of reviews where TGOTT has been compared to Gone Girl.<br/>They're both thrillers but unique in their own way.<br/>By the time I got done reading Gone Girl, the characters morphed throughout the book into people I couldn't stand.<br/>In TGOTT, I couldn't stand the bad people throughout the entire book. I was sad for Rachel, but the rest of the characters were... well, you'll have to read it and find out for yourself.<br/><br/>It was a good read.<br/>But the adultery turned me off big time.<br/>3.8 stars<br/><br/>PS : I always wonder to myself why books like these sell so well. Is it the thrill, the mystery, the drama of crumbling marriages and secrets kept between spouses?
I think this book has been too overly rated!!  Was very disappointed.  I read a lot of books.  Was excited to read this.  Just kept waiting for "something" that didn't ever show up!
I did enjoy this book, although it took me a bit of time to really get into it.  I particularly liked that I wasn't sure how it was going to end.  Great book for anyone who likes mysteries.
I was expecting a lot from this book after the comparison to Gone Girl. While I liked it, I wasn't as thrilled with it as I was hoping. The narrative switches between three characters, Rachel, Megan, and Anna. However Anna is thrown in mid novel and it doesn't make sense to me why she was included. Her narrative offers very little with the exception of a realization at the end. While I was interested in what a mess Rachel was, it is hard to relate to her as she is so pathetic. She drinks so much she blacks out, rides the train everyday and wanders with no job, and calls her ex husband (who cheated on her and moved on) repeatedly because she is so desperate and lonely. It makes her appear weak that she cannot move on from the man that cheated on her.<br/><br/>I found the twists at the end a surprise, but that only makes me like Rachel's drunken attempts to reach out to her ex, Tom, even less. I am happy with her final decision with Tom, but that is about it. As far as Tom is concerned, his character is seems believable at first, but once you get to the end he just doesn't seem realistic. The end seems a little forced.<br/><br/>While I expected more I didn't dislike the novel, I just wished for something a little more believable. I wouldn't stop someone from reading the novel, but I don't know if I would recommend it.
This book was a quick read and it held my attention. Every once in awhile I felt like there was filler text but the story picked back up quickly. The story is told through multiple narrators but is not confusing so long as you pay attention to the date in the chapter title. This next part really isn't spoilerish but if you want NO information going in - DON'T READ ANY FURTHER!!<br/><br/>I HATE adulterers - it rubs me the wrong way so from the start I hated, HATED Anna. That opinion never changed for me. I never felt bad for her, never worried for her - whatever. She made her bed, she can lie it! I like Rachel in the beginning but then I found her frustrating and annoying. I suspect someone with an addiction would make me feel that way and I didn't love it. I wanted to be done with her but she kept trying just enough for me to hold out hope for her. She was a mess, all of them were. Ugh...<br/><br/>I liked that I didn't exactly see the ending coming. I had my suspicions but I didn't really decide until it was almost revealed so I always count that as a success.<br/><br/>I also liked that this author didn't really fool with unnecessary information. I like detail and all I just don't need 20 pages of it plunked down all together for me so I was happy that she wove the descriptions into reflections/pertinent details.
Usually I don't pay much attention to comparisons of books on Amazon- this one was compared to "Gone Girl". But as things sometime work out, I had "Gone Girl" on my Netflix list and it came two days ago, and I watched it while reading "The Girl on The Train." No, not both at the same time, but during the same time period, yesterday and today. It couldn't have worked out better because these two stories are similar- but different.<br/><br/>"Girl On The Train" started out slowly, and by page 80 I still hadn't become engaged in the story. I even thought about giving up and reading it some other time. But then slowly the story started to pick and soon I got to the "can't put it down" stage. First I got disgusted with Rachel, the ex-wife, with her drinking, stalking and mooning over her ex husband. Then I decided I didn't care for Anna, the woman who replaced her. The third woman was Megan, who had my pity. The strands of the story began to intertwine and became a swing back and forth-- who's the good woman and who's the bad? All of them? None of them? The ending came as something of a surprise-- at least for me. I'm so glad I kept on reading because this story did have all the suspense of "Gone Girl" so the comparison fits. Good plot when it finally got rolling, good story.
I really liked this book.  I read mystery/suspense almost exclusively and must say that I was happily fooled several times, guessing at the killer's identity.  The protagonist, Rachel, is an abjectly pitiful specimen.  A self-loathing alcoholic, she seeks to hide from her housemate that she is no longer employed by getting on the commuter train each morning and evening.  But she chooses the same train that takes her right past her old home, which her ex-husband now shares with his new wife and baby.  But Rachel has another motive besides reminding herself of all that she has lost.  She watches another young couple, giving them names and fantasizing about their lives, notably how perfect and perfectly in love they are.  The shock of learning how utterly different people and circumstances really are than the way they appear is the vehicle for Rachel to question her assumptions about her own past and present.<br/>Yes, there are reaches, demands that we suspend, if not belief, common sense, but this is hardly a new demand from writers.<br/>As far as the "Gone Girl" comparisons go, I'll just say that this is the second book I've read since "Gone Girl" that uses the rotating narration of some main characters.  I'm not tired of it yet, but I could feel differently if it is more than a temporary literary fad.
I feel like this book was way overrated. The protagonist was whiny and annoying. The twist at the end was pretty good, I saw it coming a little ahead, but I still enjoyed the book overall.
I read at least 3 books a month and this has got to be one of the worst. It is a sheer waste of time. Jumps all over the place and I ended up not caring who did it. Boring, boring, boring.
I was very disappointed in this book. It truly only started getting interesting at 85% through it!. Cannot fathom what all the hype is about! I'm just so thankful I'm finally done with it!
I very much enjoyed the book.  There were twists and turns enough for anyone.  Every time I thought I had it figured out. something else would happen.  I enjoyed it and would recommend it.
I feel absolutely duped by the synopsis on the book and the praise that accompanied it. A dull, slow, unrewarding read. It fails as both a mystery and as character exploration. I hated it.
This is an Agatha Christie like novel. The author does a magnificent job of weaving the story of 3 different women in both the present and the past to an exciting an unexpected conclusion.
The tale was very intriguing keeping me turning the pages to find out what was going to happen next.  I have heard this book compared to Gone Girl but I think it was better than Gone Girl.
I could not put this book down! I have never read a book so fast. Keeps your brain thinking! Even though the female characters aren't exsctly likable, they still make for a great story.
After the first few chapters, I was absolutely convinced that I hated Rachel, I hated Megan and I hated Anna. Yet, I couldn't seem to stop reading as I had to know what happened to Megan. Surely, I'm going to change my mind. Everyone is telling me this is a great book. So I continue to read and as the twisted plot starts to unwind and lead me along the path, I still hate them. Yet, I have to know what happened to Megan and how the heck do Rachel and Anna figure into this story other than complicated nemesis's to each other. I keep feeling that I am seeing the solution, yet it is just out of my grasp, then boom....I got it. At that point, the story starts twisting again and while I don't love or even like Rachel and Anna, I can empathize and understand them as they are in the final act of the story. This author has woven a dark, psychological thriller that is frustratingly successful. I consider a plot or story line not only successful, but even good if I can't stop thinking about it. 2 days later and I'm still chewing on the story in my brain. So while I won't gush about loving the characters, I will say it is worth a read if you go for a thriller. So for that kudo's to Paula Hawkins! I'll go so far as to say that I'm looking forward to frustrating my brain in the future with your writing!
I don't write reviews very often.  It seems like everyone else can write them so much better than I can.  I also very rarely give five star reviews.  I tend to reserve those five stars for books that are both unique in some way, AND that I would be willing to read again.  I have to say, this book got off to a slow start for me.  I almost quit reading the book when I was around 20% of the way into it.  The story switches viewpoints and goes back and forth in time from chapter to chapter (and the dates are important, folks, so pay attention).  I just wasn't connecting with the characters -- Rachel, a dysfunctional alcoholic that creates make-believe stories about the people she views from the windows of a commuter train, and Megan, also dysfunctional, described as a "Runaway, lover, wife, waitress, gallery manager, nanny, and a few more in between," and as someone who is "playing at real life instead of actually living it."  For me personally, I just wasn't feeling any connection with the characters.  And then something changed.  The lives started to become intertwined.  I went back and checked the dates on what I had been reading.  And suddenly, I couldn't put the book down.  I never saw the ending coming.  And really wasn't sure how it was going to end until the last page.
This best-selling garbage is a copy of another best-selling piece of junk, Gone Girl. Both are amateur efforts that neither realistic or believable. Both are 100% boring and ludicrous.
I have read all the rave reviews and I just don't agree.  It is well written, but is extremely repetitive, and I figured out the mystery half way thru..I did finish it and liked it OK.
Not good.  For a book rated as top 10 this stunk. Sor4ry I wasted the money for it and the time to read it. I did finish but only because I keep hoping it would get better,, It Didn,t.
The book started out slow and doesn't engage the reader. By the middle  of the book, the reader is drawn to the characters and trying to solve the murder.  My solution was not correct.
This was a real mistake to spend money on. Awful story about alcoholism, a disturbed mind and raving jealousy.  And it just goes on and on with no let up  in the misery and depression.
The book was received before expected and in excellent condition .The story was even better than expected with excellent character development and twists to keep the reader interested.
This book is slower the a snail it one revamp after another going nowhere. If you read the first chapter and the last you are done. Save your money and your time this is hyped rubbish.
Another who done it novel, made a bit different by naming the chapters after the character speaking. I'd have guessed either Tom or Anna, or perhaps the red haired guy on the train.
When I first started the book, I thought I was going to like it. But it quickly degenerated into a "Gone Girl" wannabe plot similarity without one single likeable character.
I'm not sure how good it really is. It's not as well-written or as smooth as Gone Girl.  But it's compelling, and full of suspense, and I really, really wanted to know how it ended.
i don't know that I've ever been this persistent getting into a book. I started it multiple times, without having read the description or other reviews. It's a good thing too, because some of the reviews might have deterred me from reading it.<br/><br/>The first few chapters were from the viewpoint of Rachel, a woman with obvious problems. With her drinking issues and fantasies, it is difficult to identify what is real and what is fantasy.  Other chapters are told from the viewpoint of Anna, the woman Rachel's ex-husband left her for, and Meagan.<br/><br/>The story unravels very slowly, like the layers of an onion. At first glance the story is about a sad alcoholic who lost her job and husband. But as the story unfolds, much more is revealed. There is a crime, and Rachel may have been a witness. Due to her drinking she is too unreliable to be believed and she doesn't even trust her own thoughts.<br/><br/>It's a difficult book in many ways. And there is a bit of relief at the ending because it wraps up logically instead of dramatically. I continued to think about the story for some time after reading it, and generally that's the mark of a good writer. I will reread this book at some point, to see what else is embedded in the story now that I know the outcome.
I really, really enjoyed this book (so whoever in book club picked it - good job!). It was a little slow to start, and alternating narrators is not something I usually enjoy - but this book made it worth keeping up with. Once it picked up, I was quickly hooked and had to know "who done it" immediately. I am usually frustratingly good at predicting books, and was so pleasantly surprised that I didn't know in the one - each chapter had my questioning everything I had thought so far. I started and finished this book in two evenings - so it's a quick read if you have a few hours. I would definitely recommend, and can't wait to talk it out at book club tomorrow!<br/><br/>Why not 5 stars? Because this book will not change your life. A month from now, you probably won't still be wondering about the characters or even remembering anything significant about it. I reserve 5 stars for books that are a bit more memorable - the kind that sooth you, haunt you or in some way teach you. Those which you immediately have to tell everyone you know to read, and dread even the thought of it becoming a movie because you have such a vivid version playing in your head and no director will ever get it quite right. But for me to give it 4 stars is still pretty high on my scale!
Look, I don't need to like the main character to enjoy a series. If I did, reading A Song of Ice and Fire would be torture. But the characters who make up the pov in this book are more than terrible. They're trash. I hate these people like a republican hates taxes.<br/><br/>Everyone is so mean and terrible to each other (especially the women) that it's unrealistic. Beyond that, really. It's ridiculous, and definitely bordering racist and misogynistic at times. Even the supporting characters, like the female cop, is a piece of trash and her attitude towards Rachel and others is completely unwarranted.<br/><br/>And the plot itself is just... This would never happen. Gone Girl is more realistic than this (and I LIKED gone girl). The author basically makes everything ridiculously unfair for the main characters so the reader gets emotional about it. And she succeeded on that point. Except I'm not feeling empathy or sympathy, I'm angry. Angry that I spent 30$ on this trash book.<br/><br/>If you're the kind of person who can suspend disbelief and accept the bs reality of this book, then go for it. If you're a fan of Gone Girl, you might actually enjoy this.<br/><br/>But otherwise, I'd suggest you just skip it. Or borrow it. Your wallet and sanity will thank you
I did not like this book.  The three female characters from whose perspective the book is written from are such losers that I could not relate or empathize even slightly with them.
The writing was too choppy...constantly changing from one character to another was extremely irritating.  The best part was the last page because that meant I was finally finished!
The book is much better than I expected! The development of the main character was fantastic and it enabled me to totally immerse myself in the story. So much better than Gone Girl
Honestly this book didn't feel like a thriller until about 70% through. The pace and details picked up then. I'm a bit confused about what happened with "Jason" at the end.
I did not like this book. Spoiler alert if you insist on reading it. I went through it quickly because I kept wanting it to get better. It did, and then it didn't. Being inside the head of a 30 year old alcoholic was no fun. I did not like Rachel, although I did have some sympathy for her at the end. Some.<br/>  What scared me the most was their suburban street. Geez. What did not go on there? All 3 of the featured women (neighbors) were miserably unhappy. None was able to please themselves. They were looking to men (their husband or someone else's), to pregnancy and babies, even being a homemaker to make them feel complete. Of course, when they achieved that they were once again bored and unhappy. In the end Anna and Rachel bond because they both are victims of the liar, Tom. Megan is the ultimate of Tom’s victims, she is the one who dies. I did like Anna’s wavering at the end. She really was torn between believing Tom or weird Rachel. Finally, she did come through and actually put a twist on the corkscrew herself. Not just killing Tom, but eradicating him. Scott (Megan’s husband who cried on Rachel’s shoulder and then slept with her) is sort of left by the wayside. I think he becomes the next Rachel stumbling about town drunk and not recalling anything.
Ok, here's the deal. When a person takes the time and puts in the effort to write a book they automatically get at least 3 stars from me. Now, she is a good writer as far as the technical aspects go and she is fine with the creative elements as well, so I push it to 4 stars. However, I just wasn't terribly moved emotionally or mentally in any new way to give her 5 stars. To get 5 stars you really need to go the distance. You really need to stand out above the crowd with originality and creativity. you really need to move me and to shake me and/or alter my perception or change or challenge my way of thinking or something out of the same old same old, even if I don't like a book for other reasons I can give 5 stars if the author pushes my buttons or gets under my skin. This book does not go the distance. However it is a worthy read in a world of mediocrity that we have today because readers want to be catered to like little babies. Readers are few and lazy today. None of them want to really be challenged. Thus what is ok passes for quality because the lame mainstream readers out there demand to not have their boats rocked except moderately. It is the low intelligence of readers that have given us the minimal fare quality of creativity that is written today.
The device used in this book, a commuter fantasizing about the lives of people she observes from the train, then inserting herself into those lives, seemed quite original to me, particularly in a thriller. The author uses three main characters, all speaking in the first person, often describing the same events. The writing style and character development are skillfully executed, and the pace of the story speeds right along.<br/><br/>The author deserves congratulations for successfully pulling off  a "whodunit" thriller using such a risky and unusual approach. Using the narratives of the three women could have been unwieldy and plodding in less skillful hands. The only problem I had, a minor one, was having to page back occasionally to check on the chronology of some of the events as the story was told by the three narrators.<br/><br/>As it turned out, I was left theorizing who the culprit could be almost up until the final reveal. There were numerous clues subtly planted leading in three different, but plausible, directions. The true identity of the murderer came as a slight surprise, once others were eliminated, but it was tolerably believable.<br/><br/>The book was a very satisfying read from just about every standpoint- a well written pageturner.
This starts off so well, but was ultimately disappointing. I became bored and frustrated with the main character, and I figured out how it was going to end before the reveal. Meh.
Interesting read with many unexpected twists. The main character is well developed and elicits from readers a wide range of emotions including piety,disgust, admiration and anger.
While it is true this book has some twists and turns, it should not be compared favorably to Gone Girl. It almost made me dizzy switching between characters as well as time lines.
Ah, to find a GOOD mystery  that weaves in and out of a story. This book is such treat. I started it this morning and here it is 7:30 and I am finished. GOOD read.. Don't miss it.
The best thrillers, in my opinion, are from psychological, not physical, threats.  In this novel the writer uses the Hitchcockian element lost or repressed memory to add edge to what might otherwise be a typical British mystery.  When reading an interesting story, a song lyric often comes to my mind.  In this case it was the Tom Petty tune “Even the Losers”.  The “girl on the train” is actually a divorced, alcoholism-driven woman living on the edge of a fantasy world she concocts from what she sees from her train seat.  Her “fantasy ideal woman” is really a bereft soul struggling to escape a life of promiscuity triggered by the motorway death of her beloved brother.  And the third party in this novel is a mother who broke up the marriage of “the girl” and took away her husband.  Are these women really losers or just victims of domineering males?  And how can they escape their victimhood?<br/>The key element is the disappearance of the fantasy woman.  Was she murdered or did she just leave with a lover?  And how can an alcoholic immersed in a fantasy world remember enough clues to answer that question?  Even though the characters in the story are not appealing, they are sympathetic enough to carry your interest.  “Even the losers get lucky some time”.
Except with Hitchcock I haven't read a compelling book that gives the reader a separate scene that allows complete third person omniscient perspective. On this train Rachel rides daily into London to a job she lost months ago. Her perspective out of the train window and when the train stops she can peek into the homes and lives of two separate families. On the train back to her flat, she often begins drinking canned gin and tonics that eventually lead to her alcoholic black outs. She is obsessive about her lost life with her ex-husband, her infertility and a mystical couple who live a few doors down from her previous home.<br/><br/>Not only does Rachel observe the back terraces, but she notices clothes and oddities that are discarded by the train tracks below her.<br/><br/>As the story unfolds, Hawkins develops each character into deeper, darker aspects of what we first know. Rachel is written to be dark from the beginning, however what the reader doesn't expect is the other characters are equally complex and dark.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was the editing, e.g., misspelled words, incorrect word choice (then versus than). That flaw was distracting, but not so much as I didn't finish the book.
This strange and ultimately not quite satisfying novel begins oddly enough with divorced Rachael Watson traveling past her ex-husband's and his new wife's condo located next to the tracks of her commuter train near London. Due to a malfunctioning railway signal the train frequently comes to a complete halt giving her a good view.  But of most interest to her is an unknown couple she names Jess and Jason who live a few doors up and, based on her fragmentary spying, seem to be immensely happy. Or so she idealizes.<br/><br/>Rachael's interest is piqued when she observes some disturbing behavior at Jess's home but turns to alarm when Jess' disappearance becomes a major story in the newspapers. She insinuates herself into the situation in various ways but she can't recall everything she sees and does. The problem: she binge drinks and has blackouts. The story is told from the perspectives of Rachael, Jess, and Anna, her ex's new wife both from the past and in the present.<br/><br/>The problem with this story is that all of the back and forth becomes a substitute for complexity. The essence of the story is the rapid uncovering of the unsophisticated lies of a small group of rather unappealing characters. The book really does not quite reach its initial promise.
So far I haven't been able to get past the first 10%. It's depressing and slow. Maybe it will pick up, but since I haven't been able to bring myself back to it, I may never know.
A chore to read.  Every character is bi-polar and unlikeable.  The story drags on and on and ends with a melodramadic flourish that was not worth the effort I put in to reach it.
It was a fantastic novel. Instant classic. A story that captured your mind. A pace that built up your curiosity. A twist that haunt your soul. An ending that satisfy your desire!
Didn't guess the secret!! Very good.  I hated Gone Girl so I wasn't sure I was going to like this one since it is being billed as a similar novel, so I was pleasantly surprised!!
Riveting the whole way through. Characters are intriguing and believable and the pace is excellently set throughout the story.  Recommend to anyone who enjoys a mystery thriller.
Well I should have learned my lesson and not read this book before bed because I got about halfway through before I fell asleep, and ended up with chilling nightmares! But that only tells me that this book is great because it infiltrated my mind, my heart, and now my dreams. This book is dark. Like super dark. Every character in this book is dislikable, on purpose. There is no good guy, no angel, no protagonist. Just a whole bunch of messed up people running amuck and wrecking each other's lives. It's a book about lies, deceit, and false personas. It's a book about real life. The darkest parts of real life, but real none the less. That's probably one of the reasons I liked it so much, because there was no sugar coated, ideal character. Everyone was wrong, and in the wrong, and acted wrong, only some were at worse degrees than others. But you still walk away from this book unsure of which character you can defend, which one you can feel happy for, because you really can't. They are all terrible, terrible people who do terrible things and suffer terrible consequences for it.<br/><br/>And yet, isn't that what life is?<br/><br/>Overall, a great read by Ms. Hawkins, and I can't wait to read more from her in the future. Fabulous job. Just fabulous.
This is the fourth book of this genre that I've recently read, none of which I consider particularly appealing.  The other three are Gone Girl, The Woman Who Lost Her Soul, and The Goldfinch.  Of the four, however, this is probably the best with Gone Girl a close second.  It is an introspective approach through the personal thoughts and ramblings of all its primary characters.  Also, the characters all suffer from neurotic and psychotic personality traits.  The protagonist is a neurotic boozer and the primary victim suffers from a sexual obsession, which may or may not have been instituted by her causing the accidental death of her infant daughter.  What I found most interesting in the book were the use of British terms:  CV (Curriculum Vitae) for resume, off-license for liquor or package store, flat-mate for roommate, and where we normally purchase beer in cans, the British normally buy Gin & Tonic in cans.  The plot is good, but the writing style is not for me.  Hawkins does, at least, generate a normal progression for events and does not make the reader wait forever for the story to unfold, as in The Goldfinch.  To me this appears to be the accepted norm for writing novels by the younger authors, and for recommendations by bookstore employees.
I read this book because of the comparisons to Gone Girl, a book that I loved (until the ending anyway).  I think a better comparison would be the movie Rear Window.  This is a hard book to review without giving away the plot twists so I'll go with generalizations.<br/><br/>I found the beginning of this book rather slow. I'm glad I stuck it out though because the book picked up about 50 pages in and held my interest from that point on.  The main character, Rachel, was very annoying to me for most of the book.  I just could not understand her actions which are hard to list without giving out spoilers.  Her drinking was out of control and I had a hard time understanding how she could just keep drinking herself into blackouts.  As the book went on and more of her was revealed she began to grow on me.<br/><br/>The other two characters, Megan and Anna, were also flawed and hard to like. I did enjoy how the chapters were broken up between the three women and told from their point of view.  The mystery was very intriguing and I didn't figure it out too much before it was fully revealed.  That is a hallmark of a good book to me.  All in all I recommended this book to all my friends and I look forward to discussing it with them once they read it.
I was so looking forward to reading this book, but I was so disappointed.  I couldn't even get through a quarter of the book.<br/>What I did read was terrible.  Waste of money.
Very poorly written, it took awhile to catch on to the characters and be able to follow them through the story. Portrayed the lead character as a bad drunk. Not enjoyable to me.
I put off reading the book for a bit after having trouble staying interested in the first couple of chapters but I'm glad I finished it. Ended up having a good twist in the end.
I really did not like it at all.  It had no excitement, no twists, a just no interest novel.  I heard so much about it but was extremely disappointed and did not even finish it.
Wonderful suspense novel. Keeps you guessing till the very end. Great character development. Would highly recommend this book.  Looking forward to Paula Hawkins next book<br/>.
Brilliant! Not only should this be considered one of the best books of January, but one of the best books so far in 2015.<br/>Ms. Hawkins has a captivating writing style, and you find that you cannot turn the pages quickly enough.<br/>Rachel is the girl on  the train into London. The train stops at a particular point in its travel every day which allows her to look at the homes along Blenheim Road, where she actually used to live up until two years ago. She becomes involved with one of  the couples in one of the homes along the tracks on that road and begins to build a fantasy life for them in her mind. Then one day, she sees something that she's not supposed to witness and the story takes off from there. You do feel that the characters are not that likeable - Rachel is a self-absorbed alcoholic who only wants to get back with her ex-husband and can't stand his new wife, Anna; Scott, who turns out to be married to the missing Megan, is a bully; Megan is a sexaholic, and Anna is blind to what is really going on around her. It isn't until the end of the book that the reader discovers why these characters behave the way that they do and the ending is something of a shock.<br/>I would definitely recommend this book. It was a thrilling ride.
After hearing so much about this book, I was eager to read it.  The premise of the story is certainly interesting, a woman (Rachael) who rides the same train every day develops a voyeuristic relationship with a couple that reside in a house she passes each day on the train.  She names them and fantasizes about their lives and relationship.  When the woman is reported missing she recalls things she has observed and suspects that her ideal woman had secrets that may be the reason for her disappearance.  She sets out to unravel the mystery of her disappearance.  Unfortunately,  Rachel is also an alcoholic with a history of blackouts and faulty memory.  Who would believe her?  Its a good story but unfortunately for me I so disliked the main character that it detracted from my enjoyment of the book.  As a divorced, grieving, alcoholic mess of a person, Racheal made bad choices and often lied to cover up her frailties.  Her weak, indecisive nature drove me crazy.  In this sense the author did a great job in sharing the inner turmoil that created this character.  The story has  and  interesting twists but a rather flat ending.  Still it is a cleaver story.  I don't regret reading it and I will be ready for the upcoming screen adaptation.
This story was very engrossing. Throughout this book, we often hear the internal dialogue of the person.  Rachel, the predominant character, often rode the train from her small town to London and back, and was the focus of the first several chapters in this book. We soon learn from her internal dialogue about some of her past and present  - her hopes and struggles and her sense of her shame. When riding the train, many of her fantasies center around a couple that she could see from the train as it passed by their home.  Some of her inner dialogue also centers around her husband who left her for another woman.  Rachael has has regrets and is sometimes a mess, but also seems to be a keen observer. Although at times she goes to extremes, it felt easy to identify with parts of her.  Later chapters broadened and featured other people as well - mostly women from the same small town. We also hear their inner dialogue, in addition to actual dialogue between and among people.<br/><br/>Ultimately, this book is a murder mystery - a real "whodunit".  Near the book's beginning we<br/> find out that a young woman was murdered.  It isn't clear until much, much later who actually did it.  Several potential suspects seemed likely as I read this wonderful story.  I could barely put the book down when I had to go to work or to an appointment.  It deserves 4 ½<br/>stars.  I did not give it 5 stars because the writing seemed ordinary rather than superb, although maybe I'm being too hard.
I was really looking forward to this read after all the comparisons to Gone Girl, but unfortunately for me, it didn’t hold up.  I’m a HUGE fan of books with despicable characters who justify their selfish assuming actions in any way they can in order to continue their façade.  The problem with this book for me is that everything was predictable and the characters, while being awful human beings, were just so stupid I couldn’t buy into a lot of what was going on.  I was about 40 pages into the book before I had the ending figured out, and yep, I was right.<br/><br/>If you’re looking for a book with terrible people and no real HEA; because let’s be honest people, there is no such thing as a “true” HEA, even though literature would like us to believe otherwise; then I would suggest Gone Girl over TGOTT.  I just didn’t find it that original and the main character wasn’t so much a terrible person (someone I love to hate) as much as she was just a pathetic sorry excuse for a human being that whines and bitches all the time.<br/><br/>So why 3 stars when I really didn’t find it that original?  It was still entertaining.  I was glad when it was done but I was still fairly entertained by the sheer idiocracy that occurred in this book.
Lots of people have summed up the content of the book, so I will confine myself to the things that struck me.<br/>This book is compared to ‘Gone Girl’. The books are both situated in the domestic sphere and the characters are at best flawed and at worst deeply unlikable and amoral. But the differences are much more poignant: whereas in ‘Gone Girl’ there is a great brain at work, someone who reflects and deals accordingly, the actions of the characters in this book are entirely defined by instinct. That gives the book it’s claustrophobic feel. There is hardly anything that make the characters reach beyond themselves, it is as if they are bend into themselves. There is just instinct and that makes the women manipulative and petulant mothers and the men selfish and egotistical alpha males.<br/><br/>I have to admit I warmed to Rachel. She made stupid decisions all the time, but she was stubborn as well and eager to know the truth. There was something there, she wanted to reach out.<br/><br/>Plot wise I guessed the great plot twist after 10 pages and I am not a great guesser, so no surprises there. The prose is nice and sometimes poetic. But the characters are much alike and therefore the feeling of boredom was my main feeling.
I don't know what everyone is raving about. I tried to get interested in this book , but found it confusing and uninteresting.  I am happy for those who enjoyed it wish I had.
Masterfully suspenseful with lives intertwined leading to a surprising ending. I love the different points of view from the main characters. I would highly recommend this book
Going back and forth between the women and learning more about them chapter by chapter kept me hooked. I felt some type of connection with all three of them. Great writing.
'The Girl On The Train' is a great whodoneit suspense laden thriller.  The novel is filled with flawed characters who are so believable you can smell the alcoholic fumes coming off of protagonist Rachel.  Riding the train into London everyday so her flatmate Cathy won't realize she no longer has a job, Rachel creates a fantasy world (life) for a couple who live a few houses down the street from Rachel's ex-husband Tom and new wife Anna.  Rachel calls the couple Jason and Jess.  One day Rachel sees something, from the train window, that thrusts the perfectly imagined lives of Jason and Jess into stark reality.  What I love best about this book is that the characters feel like someone you could know; the story reads like something that could happen.  There were points where I was unsure what was going to happen next with the suspense building to breathe holding pitch but in the end leading to a conclusion that was credible.  You know that little sad feeling you get at the end of the book because it's all said and done and you have to pick yourself up just like the girl on the train and get back to real life.  I'm already missing Rachel.  I suppose she's a bit of an anti-hero, or at the least unlikely....
Having read Gone Girl and hearing the hype for this book, I expected more than was delivered.  I thought that the plot was over-complicated; it was difficult to distinguish characters and motivations because, especially at the beginning, the reader had to decipher "who was who."  I never was able to sympathize or identify with any of the characters.  They were all significantly flawed; I could not understand the motivation of any of the three women--they each found a way to manufacture their own dismal destiny without finding a way out of the mess.  They each allowed themselves to be manipulated by the males in the story; are women really as desperate as this??<br/><br/>I also thought that the plot was bogged down by repetitive reflections.  How many times can we go to the "underpass" without becoming suspect of the events?  Once it was established that Anna was not available in the scene, the predictability of  the final event was obvious.<br/><br/>I kept wanting at least one of the characters to be redeemable . . . someone whom I could feel controlled his/her own outcome.  But, not one really stepped up to the plate.  Circumstance ruled each one; human will did not stand a chance.
A hard unappealing read.
Entirely too repetitive!
The book departs from a good premise. Rachel, a conflicted woman (not a girl by any chance) spying on her former husbands new wife and some neighbors which houses rest in the path of the train that she takes every morning to work. Or to pretend she works. She's a full blown alcoholic drifting on a world of fantasy.<br/>Cleverly, Hawkins jumps from her point of view, narrated as a diary of sorts, to the view the three women in the novel. The observed neighbor, Megan, who has a complicated life and demeanor far from Rachel imagination. And Anna, her former husband's new wife.<br/>The conflicting POV work fine for a while, until half the book. There it stumbles a bit with contrived twists. Perhaps the weaker point of the novel (spoilers aside) is that in many ways pretends to be a whodunit, with a very small pool of suspects. The best point is the characterization of the women (all of them, even Rachel's roommate, poor old good-sport Claire; exception noted for non convincing detective Riley), and the misogynous dark world they inhabit, where beyond roleplaying as companions, mothers, wives, lovers, sinners or victims, there's not much left for them to aspire.<br/>Good first fiction effort by Hawkins.
I heard so much about this book but I thought the beginning story line was long and dragged out.  The ending was better but I felt like it took forever to get to the point
Overall- I'm not sure what the hype was about. The mystery in the beginning keeps you reading, but overall, I found the story predictable and the characters uninteresting.
Couldn't put this book down! Was really disgusted with the characters most of the time, but wanted resolution. Outcome was not really shocking, but not predictable either!
I  did not care for this book.  The people were too confusing to get straight. The story too depressing.  Only stayed with it to see the ending.  I would not recommend it.
Wish I could buy the rights.......gonna be a great movie.  Very well written, characters well developed, I found myself liking and loathing each of them chapter by chapter
Let me preface this by saying I have read mysteries my entire life and I'm old. So, I guessed who the killer was pretty soon into the read. I like the premise of the book; that we don't really know what goes behind close doors but honestly I didn't like the characters and that for me is key to liking a book. There are many points of view but if you look closely all the characters are more or the less the same which to me means selfish and clueless. I did like the way the book moves and gives more information with every chapter. That was clever. But I started getting bored toward the end which is not good. As a writer I know endings are difficult and this one was not plausible. Maybe to a younger person this all makes sense but to me, it seemed phony and a bit repetitive with the train and drinking theme. However, if this sounds like a bad review, note that I did give it three stars. I think the author has a good way with words and with time she could become an awesome thriller writer. I read it in a day. It is an easy read because of the short chapters and action. However, please make the main character more likable and the ending leaving the reader satisfied with the time taken in reading a book.
Which is more than I can say about the last 4 books chosen by my book club friends. It did grab me at first, but then it became a bit tedious. I took a cue from the main character and drank my way through until the pace sped up to a rallying finale...not really, but a drink would have probably helped.<br/><br/>The story of the girl on the train is told by three "girls" who are in fact women. There are also three men in this story. Someone has killed one of the three women, but who? Slowly unraveling the mystery, each woman's telling from different points in time - before and after the murder (you may need a chart or a calendar to keep it straight) serves to reveal who was capable of murder.  It seemed to me like any of the men could have done it. Ultimately, we learn the sinister truth.<br/><br/>The woman on the train is the primary character, but she is usually drunk or getting drunk. During her semi lucid moments she is trying to figure out who killed the other woman. Her drunkenness is tedious to the reader and to the other characters and ultimately impedes the police investigation. Like a drunk, the story telling is a bit foggy...murky detail, not much depth, but you won't be left hanging.
The story is about relationships surrounding Rachel, who while commuting to London makes up stories about a couple living in a house she can see from the train--a house just a few doors down from one she shared with her former husband. Rachel has alcoholic problems--sever alcohol problem--which caused her lose memories from a critical night. The book was interesting,  primarily told from Rachel's unreliable (because of the black-out) viewpoint, but two other women have their say. Anna is the other woman who "broke up" Rachel's marriage; these two do not like each other. Megan is a part of the couple Rachel creates an imaginary life for.<br/><br/>The concept of creating imaginary lives for people we see on or from a train is common to writers--we do it all the time.  To watch Rachel deal with merging reality with this fantasy  when Megan disappears mysteriously is part of what makes the book fun.<br/><br/>The women felt real, each with their own positive and negative characteristics.  The only problem is it was hard to tell them apart from the words as they all tended to talk and think in similar fashions (which, int he end, makes some sort of sense).  The guys are not drawn as well, but play their parts.
If you want characterizations that you can fall in love with, read a Harlequin romance.  However, if you want to unveil the highly neurotic and narcissistic thoughts and feelings of those all around us, Ms. Hawkins will unmask them for you.  Through the first person singular rantings of three highly passive and vulnerable women, the underlying depression and insecurities of their pursuit of the 'American Dream' are brought forth and thrust into clear view.  In all, we have characters that range from the abusive psychotic to the unethical professional to the whiney and migraine producing alcoholic.  Although our 'heroine' Rachel's diatribe becomes quite mundane and irritating at times, it is through this labyrinth of clouded thoughts that the crime is actually brought to light, solved and the cause of justice is served.  One must remember when one ventures into this writing that a degree in insanity runs through all of our veins and how we are eventually labeled is merely based on how many of these traits we wish to reveal to other persons in society.  If you adverse to one of the characters in this novel, his or her portrayal may be revealing something unpleasant about yourself.................
I wasn't expecting another batch of dysfunctional creatures so similar to Gone GIrl.  But I'm one of those readers who commits to finishing a book once started.  Oh well.
Read this book in one sitting. Could not put it down. Loved it as a billion other people did. Cant wait for the movie. If you liked GONE GIRL you will enjoy this one too.
Read the sample. Couldn't understand the fuss. Finally  after so many weeks on the best seller list I figured . I had missed something important. So I re a d it. Oh, boy!
This is a true page-turner. There is no slow part in the whole book. It is very well written.  You will finish this book quickly, because the writing style is clear and easy to read, and it is hard to put down and demands to be picked up again at every possible minute even when you need to be doing something else.  There is a disappearance and likely murder early in the book, and three narrators--Rachel, Anna, and Megan--unfold the plot in a very clever order.  Rachel is an alcoholic with blackouts and self-destructive behavior.  She is the central character.  At the same time as the reader is likely to be critical and disgusted by her behavior, yet she is a compelling and sympathetic character.  Anna and Megan are each flawed and limited in their knowledge, and the book unfolds in its fast, gripping pace through the eyes of these three.  The end of the book should leave most readers with a satisfied feeling and hope for some of the survivors.  The book is more than an entertainment piece.  The reader is likely to know parallels in real life to the human drama and come away with an increased understanding of some emotions and motivations of people.  I eagerly await more books from this author.
There's been a lot of comparison with [book:Gone Girl|21480930] and, while I understand where the comparison comes from, this novel is a completely different beast. I didn't find it as tightly written as "Gone Girl" and sometimes my mind wanders off when any of the narrator drifts into their illusions. I guess I'm that type of reader who doesn't like to read paragraphs of characters' what-ifs. Whenever Rachel imagines and creates stories for the couple she sees from the train, I am tempted to skip the pages (and sometimes I did, only to go back and read them because I want to be thorough) because it's not that relevant to the plot. You can skip the stories she created in her head about the couple she sees from the train and still make sense of the novel. At about 3/4 of the book, I had an inkling on how it will turn out. And it did turn out the way I thought it would be (no spoilers here), so it didn't take me by surprise the way Gone Girl did. If you're looking for comparison between the two, I found Gone Girl to be wicked, while The Girl on the Train was menacing. Its tone more gloomy than dark.<br/><br/>Still a good read. I liked it, but not as much as I would have wanted to.
Really enjoyed this book. Unique story with twists and turns that keep you guessing and on the edge of your seat waiting to find out " who dunnit". Recommended!
This novel kept me spell bound.  The characters were well developed and the plot was intriquing to say the least.  If you enjoy a good mystery read, this book delivers.
Rachel is an unemployed, divorced, overweight, alcoholic who takes the commuter train to London and back daily. Along the way she watches the same people from her window daily, particularly a young couple that she has developed an elaborate fantasy about. She has named them and has an intricate, imagined story about their lives and who they are. To her, they are the ideal couple.<br/><br/>One day, after a particularly heavy binge, she gets off the train at the stop near this young couple. She continues to drink and experiences a blackout. The next morning she awakes bloody, injured, and hung over. She soon learns that the woman she has been watching from the passenger train window has gone missing.<br/><br/>What ensues is one part The Hangover (only horrific rather than comedic) and Gone Girl. I completely understand the comparisons to Gillian Flynn and Alfred Hitchcock. This is exactly that type of story, at least for the first half.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this fresh-feeling mystery, and I especially liked the character Rachel with her struggles with alcoholism and her inability to remember events that she felt she had been part of.
Pretty good. The alternating points of view makes for an interesting read. I do think some of the concepts are bit overdone though (ie. alcoholism and alcohol-induced amnesia specifically), which stops me from giving it a 5. The relationship between the two women protagonists (or are they really even?) develops nicely, and the book does have a surprise ending. Who did it is very different than who I thought had been the who dunnit, so the author deserves credit for that. I will say, though, the diversions from the truth throughout the book may be just a bit too blatant. I definitely felt like I was being lead down the wrong path (like I'm supposed to) a bit too intentionally. It was kind of like an "I gotcha" moment, but it doesn't take away too much from the story as a whole.<br/><br/>If you liked this book and other similar ones, you may very well like my first novel, DECEPTION. The concept is different, but the writing is very similar. DECEPTION is written in alternating first person points of view, much like THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN, so if that specifically interested you, you may enjoy my book.
The Girl on the Train was an addictive psychological thriller. I read it over the course of two days. Although told from multiple POVs, the story is really centralized around the character, Rachel, an alcoholic suffering from bouts of blackouts, who rides the train from her home to London every day and observes the lives of different people outside. I found the character of Rachel to be the best complexity, as compared to the other POVs (Anna, Megan). There is plenty of mystery -- I would say even if you figure out the big twist early on, there will still be a surprise or two by the time you get to the end. As far as its comparisons to Gone Girl, I would say -- just go into it with an open mind (not trying to compare the two). I have only seen the Gone Girl movie. In comparison, this story is much less.. messed up. The book is well-written; my only critique would be that the different POVs seem to have the same voice -- that is, the sentence structure and overall voice seemed similar between them. I assume this is because it's written by the same author, but other books that I have read like this, when characters have their own distinct voice, it gives them a little more depth.
I was excited to read this book asit promised a Hitchcockian experience. I was disappointed. I didn't connect with the characters and the dated chapters were annoying.
The story is set in England and involves 2 married couples, who live on the same street, and the ex-wife of one of the husbands.  She is the "Girl on the Train".  The ex now lives north of London, which has her commuting into the city via train.  As it happens, the tracks run right behind the houses where the couples live (and where the ex used to live).  The "Girl" rides past the houses every morning and evening, and she can observe some of the activities at the various houses, as she is able to see into the windows and backyards.<br/><br/>All of the characters have issues; the ex is still not over her failed marriage and she had, and still has, problems with alcohol.  This causes others to dismiss her observations and input.<br/><br/>Suspense builds and then one of the wives is found dead.  Most of the main characters could have been responsible, as well as some minor characters who are introduced along the way.<br/><br/>The story is told from the first-person viewpoint of the 3 women and it toggles back and forth, which seems to be the current style.<br/>I found the story unique, engaging, and suspenseful and I felt the ending was not predictable.
NO SPOILERS***<br/><br/>This book -- like I'm sure so many other commenters have noted -- has so much in common with GONE GIRL, that at some points, I was finding myself frustrated.  But I stuck it out, and by the end, GONE GIRL is out of my mind.  I say all of this to let those of you who are thinking of reading THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN, and who have seen or read GONE GIRL in the past few years ---->>>  Be aware that in parts of the book, you're going to think, "Have I ready read this book?"  "What is going on?"  But trust me.  Stick with it, and the GONE GIRL overlap will be forgotten.<br/><br/>Otherwise, this really is a great book.  I read it in about a week, as I was falling asleep each night.  It's one of those books that you really don't want to end.  It is well-written, very easy to get sucked into the plot line.<br/><br/>I'm only giving 4 stars because, while this book was really a good book, it wasn't "excellent."  I don't feel like I have to recommend this book to everyone I know.  I mean, the plot line was great, but I think the overall story could have been more developed, characters developed more deeply, or something.
Rachel is a mess. Her husband Tom has dumped her, she is drinking – a lot – and she has lost her job. Embarrassed to admit to her landlady/friend that she is unemployed, she continues to ride the train into London each day and entertains herself by maintaining a fantasy that the husband still loves her and that the attractive couple she watches in their garden visible from the rail car are living the perfect life. She is the primary narrator in this cleverly written psychological mystery. The second narrator is Tom’s new wife Anna who is frustrated with Rachel’s late phone calls and occasional appearances at their door. She is convinced that Rachel intends to do her new baby harm. The final narrator is the woman in the attractive couple Rachel watches daily. She has a deep secret in her past, has lost her job at an art gallery, and is bored and restless in her new marriage. Suddenly, she disappears. Author Hawkins flips from narrator to narrator to very gradually reveal what has happened to Megan along with the culprit and the cause. Very absorbing story and very frustrating as well because Rachel makes such poor decisions and is such an unreliable narrator. Well done!
I hated this book.  I felt no sympathy for this group of losers.  Talk about self absorbed.  They all needed to get a life and do some good for the rest of the world.
great book to listen to.  I painted my bathroom while listening.  Made the job so much easier.  I bought the audio book for a road trip but finished it before i left.
HARD TO READ..COULD NOT KEEP CHARACTERS STRAIGHT AND COULD NOT GET A STORY LINE.  HAVE NOT FINISHED IT BUT SO FAR I DO NOT KNOW WHAT KEEPS IT ON THE BEST SELLERSMLIST
I was glued to this book from the first time I picked it up. A real page turner, who done it, that keeps you guessing till the very end. I recommend this book highly!
This will take you on a train ride with twist and turns.  You just aren't sure where your destination will take<br/>you but you will not be disappointed.. Excellent!
I liked this book! But it jumps back and forth a little too much. Forget the "gone girl" comparisons. Not really like that. You won't be disappointed to read.
I listened to this on audio which was the only redeeming quality I found to rate five stars. The narrators were hypnotic in their reading and delivery of the text.  The narration kept me listening despite the agonizingly repetitive scenario of Rachel wanting to drink, thinking about her next drink, being drunk, and waking up from being drunk with no memory.  This was very tedious for me.  I got the picture after the first drunken scene and thought about how many times I might find the word "drunk" in the book if I counted them all.  It was a depressing book overall for me but I continued listening because the narrators were superb, especially Meagan's voice.  Admittedly I did want to find out "who done it" but the ending was disappointing and anticlimactic. Even as I listened to the closing chapter, paragraph, sentence and final words, there was no "satisfied feeling" that comes with any ending resolution.  I didn't expect a "happy" ending but this is not a happy book. If you must read this book because it is on the bestseller list, at least listen to it on audio.  This book that will unfortunately stay with me - but not in a good way.
It's hard to believe that this is a debut novel, with assured writing, a unique plot and incredibly well-drawn characters that take on a life of their own.<br/><br/>I found this a little slow going to start with while the author developed each character, three very different and distinct female voices. Once I'd got used to the writing style and the confusing going back and forth in time narrative, I was hooked!<br/><br/>The main narrator, Rachel, is lonely, unhappy, obsessive about her ex-husband, drinks too much and has blackouts, "I have lost control over everything, even the places in my head." She is a liar, though she doesn't know why she lies, the police think she's mentally unstable and don't listen to her. Not surprising!<br/><br/>I can see why this has been such a popular read recently, I was constantly changing my mind as to which way it was going to go, wondering how believable a narrator Rachel really is. The three various narrations gave me a different perspective on events and I kept wondering who can I trust?!<br/><br/>The author drags out the story tantalisingly slowly, the tension building, this is a compulsive page turner of a book.
It wasn't quite what I expected from hype, but it didn't disappoint.<br/>This is a story about three women that cross paths, with tragic consequences, told through each of their POVs.<br/>It's a typical thriller and Yes, I worked out the 'who done it' well before the end. However, it moved at a good pace and the author maintained interest for me, the reader.<br/>Some readers have complained about not being able to distinguish clearly between the three women. If I am completely honest, I agree, but I stayed on track because I read carefully. Had my concentration lapsed there would have been issues, I believe.<br/>Perhaps the three women were too alike on paper and needed more differing character traits to set them apart.<br/>As for many reviewers complaining that the characters were not likeable. Nice people are nice, but flawed people are more interesting and fun to read about. Protagonists do not have to be likeable, at least not for me. I don't need to read about some ideal individual.<br/>Overall, it was a good read and better than Gone Girl, which everyone seems to compare it to. Personally, I didn't much like Gone Girl.<br/>Sergiu Pobereznic (author)
I really struggled through this book, as I didn't like any of the female characters. The ending changed my opinion somewhat, but still would not recommend this book.
I figured out the "mystery" after about 100 pages. I was hoping that it wasn't that easy...but got to the last chapter and sure enough. Pretty disappointing.
I thought this was a great read.  I'm not a great fan of mysteries but this didn't feel like one.  Also, I wasn't sure until 3/4 thru the book "who done it".
Save your money... very confusing and disappointing. Characters were not believable and ending left me dissatisfied. Best part was when it was finally over. Trash!!!
I didn't like all the whining.  Many people have problems in their lives and do not act like the characters in this book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.
The pace of the story is too slow. Most of the things go on inside the heads of the two boring characters. I had to force myself to read it till half. Now I give up.
Streams of female consciousness, three no less – they are good at it (often use it in conversation don’t they), and of course the author is a woman – which in between detailing their every action and feeling, when they have showers and how they feel in them, what clothes they put on, how many bottles of wine they buy, their dreams and how they feel after them, how they feel at the slightest action of every male (looks, smiles, touches, pouring tea, opening front doors) explore all possible combinations of three couples and an ex-wife, four pregnancies including one ok, one not wanted, one not-able-to-be and one under tragic circumstances, one alcoholic and one psychiatric woman, and all this over two or three overlapping timelines, and you have a book which certainly holds the reader hypnotically, though it only held me for the first half of 300 pages, then I snapped out of it, began to feel gypped and skimmed the rest of it. Seeing something from a train (and don’t let anyone who has read it fool you into thinking it’s worth reading to find out what) is about the only original element, and the author thanks commuters for this inspiration in acknowledgments.
Rachel Watson is the miserable poster woman for a Borderline Personality-disordered alcoholic who is depressed, anxious and has no redeemable qualities as a human being.  The premise itself is interesting; the point of view of the voyeuristic train passenger who imagines the lives of those living along the tracks of her daily commute.  Rachel finds herself in the middle of a mystery she feels compelled to participate in as a main character.  Just when you think her obnoxious and unreliable participation will actually contribute to something positive and meaningful - you are reminded that she is so shallow and self-serving that nothing good will come from her interference.  The other characters are equally as shallow and self-serving.  Although the book is very well-written and certainly interesting in it's telling, I couldn't help but be distracted by the fact that everyone was unlikable.  Ultimately, I was disappointed in the fact that Rachel never became a better person and we never learned the source of her sociopathic behavior. There was no one to root for  (not even the police) and in the end I am baffled as to why everyone was as deranged as they were.
This is one of the best mysteries or novels I have read in a long time.  The story is about a woman, Rachel, who has been destoyed by the betrayal by her husband.  He left her for another woman and he and the new wife now have a baby.  This was a goal which Rachel dreamed of even spending thousands on experimental fertility procedures.  Her husband claims they couldn't spend anymore for that, but that it was all right to take expensive vacations..  After the divorce, Rachel drinks too much and loses her job.  However, she continues to ride the train into London making believe she is still employed.  Each day she passes her old neighborhood, an upscale subdivision where her ex-husband now lives in her house with his new wife and baby.  Down the street is another couple, a beautiful perfect couple, and Rachel begins to dream that this could have been her and her husband if only her dreams turned out.<br/><br/>The author spins a story of intrigue and lies among married couples and the terrible tricks that are played.  She drops clues along the way, and the reader needs to be watchful and gather them up.  I recommend this very highly.  I believe this is a first novel, and I can't wait to read Ms. Hawkins next book.
I couldn't see why I wasted my time reading and finished this book. Such a terrible mess, with all disillusioned characters. Don't waste your time reading this one.
When I arrived at the last page I had to ask myself where the rest of book was.  Did someone tear out the last half?  Not worth spending time reading in my opinion.
Dull and boring.  Tried several times to "get into the plot and characters".  I  think it is over hyped and the abundance of good reviews may be fabricated.
There was nothing compelling about the 'story line'  or the characters that appealed to me.  It was just like being on a train....'click-clack, click-clack' boring.
I really enjoyed reading this book.  The farther along I read I couldn't put it down.  The characters were well developed and the plot intertwined.  Excellent read.
Honestly, I just don't like you. Yeah, you.... Rachel, Anne and Megan!<br/><br/>I don't like your guys, husbands, and boyfriends in this book, either! In fact, I don't like ANYONE in this book!<br/><br/>Does the writer make attempts at creating sympathy for some of these characters? Yeah...sort of. But there is a general disgust for everyone that is hard to shake off. I must admit, in the first couple chapters there is a fascinating draw to the narrative that did keep me reading...and reading...making me nauseous sometimes, sick and disgusted by stupid choices of our narrator, and then I became bored in the middle.<br/><br/>I wanted to finish it, but I was sick of reading it. I put it down (metaphorically, since it's a Kindle) read something else and came back to finish it.<br/>And the finish was good. SCARY GOOD and mostly satisfying. No spoilers, sweetie! Just if you are looking for a book where you root for character and want to CARE for a main character, well....this ain't your book, baby. Much like Gone Girl where the unreliable narrative and unlikeable characters drive the story, this one has me shaking my head and drinking Pellegrino water!
Before going into my review, let me tell you what I hate about most murder mystery/suspense novels:  The characters are two dimensional, the writer has to resort to an over abundance of sex, gore or violence as a substitute for story and the endings usually have some unrealistic twist, like the guy next store did it and he doesn't enter the picture until the ending chapter.  I want a suspense novel to keep me guessing.  I want characters that I am interesting in, but not so flawed that I find no sympathy for them and most importantly,  a plot that is realistic and an ending to match.  This book ticked all the boxes.  It was a bit hard to follow at first (I needed a cheat sheet to keep the characters straight), but by the time I was 25% in I had it straight.  The characters are complex and interesting.  I found the portrayal of Rachael particularly good.  The story is told thru 1st person recollections of each of the characters.  These skip around a bit, but are not hard to follow.  At no time does the story resort to cheap or unrealistic twists and the ending, while somewhat predictable, was not written as if made for Hollywood.  Definitely recommend.
It was a little slow to get into, and the timeline got a little confusing at points, but it quickly became a page-turner! Definitely didn't see that ending coming.
tHe story was unbelievable and not really well told. i would not recommend it.  i wonder what the author was trying to tell the reader with this story if anything.
I heard so many great things about this book so of course I had to buy it. Kind of wish I wouldn't have spent so much on it. It was too much like gone girl for me.
I enjoyed the book, but couldn't help wondering why the main character couldn't stay out of other people's business. In the end, the fact that she didn't was huge.
I didn't really like the unhappy beginning but as the start grew I quickly became engrossed in the storyline and caught up in the mystery. Quite a twist at the end
An interesting and entertaining suspense novel. Not great literature and very little character development but a decent beach read. A bit too similar to Gone Girl.
First and foremost, the writing in this book is bad. By the end of the first page, I knew it wouldn't even come close to living up to the hype and Gone Girl comparisons. The writing does not grab you or keep your attention, so finishing the book felt more like a chose than something I was interested in doing.<br/><br/>The characters and the plot are poorly developed. I kept waiting for it to get better, but it never did. Several of the plotlines end up being completely pointless (ie they had nothing to do with the final "twist" or the fate of the main character).. I guess they are supposed to increase suspense but in my opinion reading the book was similar to the experience of watching someone bake a delicious cake and then throwing it away. I kept reading even though I was bored because I anticipated a shocking twist and interesting resolution (probably in large part because of all the Gone Girl comparisons), but the story never picks up steam or becomes interesting.<br/><br/>Ultimately, I would advise against reading this.. if you're like me, you'll probably read it anyway because of all the hype, but it's really not worth your time.
Definitely a page turner. I initially received mixed reviews from friends saying it was "trying" to be Gone Girl, but I disagree fully. I can see some similarities here and there, but nothing substantial. It is an easy read and keeps you guessing. The author repeats a lot of words and actions that the different characters make and I can't help wondering if it is simply because she likes using them or if there is a deeper meaning for why she chose those words. For example, the word "cathartic" is used quite a bit and also the action of a male character rubbing the cheekbone of a female character happens a number of times as well.<br/><br/>I also found it interesting how the "likability" of every character continued to change drastically. Each character has moments where you believe he or she is "good" then moments where you think, "oh, this is the bad character." I continued to find myself trying to figure out who I was "supposed" to like or dislike, when really, each main character is flawed and has a past, which makes it very realistic and more gripping to try to discern who committed the crime.
I whipped through this book in a little more than a day. It's a fast read, a whodunit, with chapters that tell the story piece by piece from different characters' perspectives. It is not great literature and I expect that all the hype the book has gotten is because the ending does come as a surprise and there are lots of twists and turns along the way.<br/><br/>The story centers on two couples who live a few houses apart on a street in London. Tom, Anna, and their baby are being harassed by Tom's ex-wife, Rachel, a heavy drinker who is out of work and taking the divorce hard. Rachel is the one who likes to watch people from the window of the commuter train and imagine she can figure out their lives from observation alone. The second couple, Megan and Scott, see their own marriage very differently from one another and Megan is keeping a couple of very big secrets. Of course it turns out all the characters are keeping secrets. And one of them is about a murder. The book is a narrative of how those secrets get either discovered or revealed.<br/><br/>I'd put this in the category of good beach read --- fast moving and absorbing, but lightweight.
It isn't hard to put yourself in the position of the narrator. Every day you ride the same train on the same route with the same people into the same huge city where you're another anonymous cog in the wheel. Your sense of being invisible has become literal; you no longer care what passengers think of you as you open the gins and tonic (they're sold in cans in England) that will make the day go by in a pleasant fog. As far as you're concerned, you're a nobody. And each time the train passes your ex-husband's house, which used to be yours, you know that you're nobody. You see the new wife, the one he was seeing before he left you. And you notice that the daughter they had is getting bigger.<br/>So, you've trained yourself to look a few houses down. There's a woman sitting in her front garden. Some mornings she's reading; other times she's drinking a cup of tea. The man who comes out and joins her is not bad looking, and so, with nothing else to do you start to make up stories about the lives of the couple. After all, if you were still married, you'd be neighbors. And you decide that you'd be friends. Until. One morning. When everything changes.
I picked up this book because everyone was talking about it and it seemed like a fun, fast read. That is certainly true: I finished the book in one day, on a flight from NYC to SF.<br/><br/>Fair warning: if you don't like books with unlikeable characters, don't bother with this one. Everyone sucks; everyone is a bad person who makes bad decisions. The thing is, people like this exist, and that's what makes this story work: no narrator is reliable, and no one does anything out of the pure goodness of their heart.<br/><br/>I can't give this book five stars because I have no desire to tell all my friends to read it, but I do concede that it was a fun romp. The end disappointed me a bit, and the characters/ unreliableness/badness gets slightly tedious by the end -- the author certainly declined to follow the 'less is more' motto and just wanted to make sure that you *really understood* how awful they are.<br/><br/>Even so, if you're looking for a fairly brainless read to get out of a reading slump, it's a fun enough story, and it really does draw you in.<br/><br/>Started: March 20, 2015<br/>Finished: March 20, 2015<br/><br/>Rating: 6/10
I read about 100 pages and was completely turned off.  Thought the plot was improbable and the characters unlikable.  Very disappointed, given the hype.  Skip it!
Nerve racking, intriguing, and wait until you get to the end...Whew!! Fine writing and definitely a book to be shared. You won't be able to stop talking about it.
I absolutely loved this book! It was my first ebook and was such a quick read, but in a good way - I couldn't put it down! Firstly I loved the London setting. I'm a huge anglophile and loved the inserts of British culture - they just seemed natural, nothing forced. (Of course the character's voices in my head had perfect suburban London accents.) I thought the writing was brilliant. The characters were dreadful people, but yet so relatable. I'm sure we can all find whispers of their traits in us, which is what kept me reading. "What will __ do now?" And I couldn't help but picture everything so vividly in my head, the settings so clear and concrete. I hope this gets made into a movie!<br/><br/>The book is laid out from the perspectives of 3 different women, but it flows so well so it's not confusing. It's kind of similar to Gone Girl in that way, but I actually thought Gone Girl was a little too disjointed. I think this book does a better job at the seamless transitions. The plot twists are also great. I found myself gasping out loud multiple times - it was a great suspenseful read. I will definitely read more from this author!
I bought this book mostly because it was compared to Gillian Flynn's 'Gone Girl'; totally wrong!  The comparison could not be more inaccurate.  If the goal of the author was to write a book on characters that the reader was unable to relate to, or create a tangle pathetic characters, then the goal was accomplished.<br/><br/>The story was good, but the characters were so unlikable.  Rachel the alcoholic who just had to be a part of the investigation into Megan's disappearance that she lies to Megan's husband Scott about knowing Megan. Rachel's ex-husband Tom the manipulator along with Anna his new wife the neurotic, lives in the house Rachel lived in with Tom when they were married.  Megan, trying to forget a traumatic experience, sleeps around on her docile, colorless husband Scott.<br/><br/> At one point in the book, I was hoping Rachel character would have been the one to die off, in one of her drunken stupors; her character was just too contemptible.<br/><br/>I'm not saying don't read the book, I just could not justify the comparison with any of the characters from 'Gone Girl.'
Very predictable and a little boring but if you've got 4hrs to spare on a plane ride it's OK.  This is a book where we need to hope the movie is much much better
Keeps you guessing until the end. Little slow in the beginning, but later you see how it was the setup for the story.  Can not wait until the movie is released.
Very dark, very unique, very difficult to put down... one of the most atmospheric books I've read in ages. This story twists and turns and absolutely enthralls.
Well, a lot of folks like it since it is on the best seller list. It was OK but certainly not great. None of the characters were very sympathetic especially Rachael who is "the girl on the train". As she rides back and forth on the train ,she spys on her ex husband's house and also on that of a young couple who lives nearby. Racheal even gives them a name and makes up a perfect life story for them. Alas, nothing is perfect and the wife vanishes. Rachael who spends the whole book in an alcoholic fog which includes blackouts thinks she knows something about what happened but can't remember it. This gets tiresome and she continues to drunk call her ex as well as the husband of the missing woman. She also can't stop stalking her ex's wife and new baby. the book contains many flashbacks and we get bits of info as we go along. It is told from the point of view of the new wife and the missing wife as well as Rachael's. All of the women behave stupidly and that gets a tad boring. But it did hold my interest enough to finish it. I would never reread it nor want to keep it. I get my books from the library and am sure glad I do.
I decided that 2015 would be the year that I read what I want when I want, and not just read particular books because I feel like I "should". It's early in the year, and I've already strayed from my intention with various results. (Sorry, but I wasn't interested enough to finish Emily St. John Mandel's STATION ELEVEN.) But I'm so glad I decided to try Paula Hawkins's THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN.<br/><br/>The comparisons to Gillian Flynn's GONE GIRL are inevitable: "Girl" in the title, unreliable narrator, crime from the POV of someone who's NOT a professional investigator, "unlikeable" female lead character... But I warmed to THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN much more. Often times I struggled with Rachel Watson due to her alcoholism, but she really does try to do the right thing, though often for the wrong reasons.<br/><br/>Paula Hawkins has crafted an intoxicating story with flawed-yet-familiar characters and page-turning twists. THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is an international best-seller for a reason: it's bloody good, and should appeal to fans of Brit crime. An intriguing read that's left me impatient for news about the author's next novel.
I found the character of Rachel to be quite enjoyable, just because she's so difficult to like. In fact, all the characters in this book are difficult to like. They're all flawed. They all do awful things and are general a-holes. Still, you can't help but look at them and wonder if you see pieces of yourself in them. Have you ever cheated on someone? Been cheated on? Lied? Been a little too violent in an argument with a SO? Drunk-dialed/texted an ex, over and over, or just embarrassed yourself by being able to let go? Made a fool of yourself? Came to work hung over and useless? It's a good read, for sure. I'm sure reviewers like to use words like "unflinching" to describe it.<br/><br/>I personally just enjoy books with characters that beat back the stereotypes. Rachel totally did that. She's overweight and totally makes a fool of herself repeatedly. You're disgusted by her weakness, and yet if you've ever been in a relationship, especially one that ended poorly, you can probably feel a glimmer of understanding.<br/><br/>Hollywood will undoubtedly make this into an unrecognizable mess. But oh well, such is life.
A brilliantly crafted mystery<br/><br/>Two increasingly common features of our age novels  are chronological jangling of the narration and a story told through the mingling of perspectives of multiple characters. The author's use of these tricks is not new but unlikely in many other books, these tools are not used to exhibit the creator's smartness. Rather they truly add to the charm of the story without appearing artificial.<br/><br/>The fast paced book seems to start extremely simplistically. The author seamlessly infuses ever higher levels of complexity through straightforward events.  To a degree, the mystery itself is not that masterful, but its bundling and then unraveling are.<br/><br/>Readers are barely acquainted with the unusual setup and the big event sneaks up from nowhere. All the characters are "designed" credibly normal as well as adequately quirky. The same is true about interactions that are short, relevant and that help in pushing the story ahead all the time.<br/><br/>The climax is stretched by the standards set by the rest of the novel. However, it does not take away a great debut novel.
Not sure what the hype was on this book.  Was confusing at time, I put it down for several weeks and picked it up because thought I might be missing something.
I bought this book after hearing positive reviews, but for me it did not live up to the hype. The mystery took too long to establish and the end seemed rushed.
I don't get the love for this book. Predictable. Boring, average quality writing like that wretched Gone Girl. No thanks, glad I read it free from the library.
Had high hopes for this book because it got good reviews but was disappointed. It was a very depressing theme and the characters were insipid. It was a downer.
Very much in the style of Gone Girl.  I really enjoyed reading it and went back to read a few things a second time after learning the ending.<br/>Great book!
Gone Girl this isn't. However, that doesn't make it a bad book. Girl on the Train has a very simple premise. A Girl on a Train fantasizes about a couple she sees from the train every day. Then she sees that the couple aren't quite as happy as she thought. That simple set up then follows a path down several plot twists to an ultimate conclusion that almost feels too neat and almost trying too hard to catch you out.<br/><br/>There is a good story here and its one of those that just makes you keep reading, even if you don't want to. Perhaps that's the problem though. The main characters are not particularly likable, the main character of Rachel is someone you want to really connect with and appreciate all her flaws. However, her repeated ability to do silly things makes you want to put the book down at times. That's probably a strength of the writing, but is also a sign that you just don't find yourself pulling for our supposed heroine as you should.<br/><br/>For a quick read its engaging, frustrating and has enough twists and turns to keep you entertained. But it isn't as good as all the reviews it is getting.
Impossible to read !!!
lol it GRABS DEEZ NUTS
It's hard to give a book 3 stars when it really kept me tied to my Kindle. But there's a strange dichotomy here. It's a rather dark thriller which kept me guessing until about page 170, where I sort of guessed how things meshed together. But I did not like the characters. Apart from aspects of Scott, I could not feel the empathy a reader should have with at least one or two characters. Rachel, the alcoholic, is one of those women who seem to moan and whine and irritate people. She irritated me, and her frequent and total blackouts after binge drinking were not always convincing. Anna is such a typical weak and clingy type -- but at the very end she's suddenly this amazingly strong woman just when the reader expects her to fall apart. Megan's psychiatrist remains a very vague figure, as does Megan herself. In fact, Megan is the least convincing character.<br/><br/>But hey, there's a murder ...nuff said, I don't want to spoil the book for you. The atmosphere right through is somewhat depressing and humour is completely absent. But I guarantee you -- the book will still keep you reading until the very last page.
the first thing i wanted to do when i finished this book was tell everyone how great it is. i felt like it was my personal discovery--it belonged to me...of course this book is a literary phenom like gone girl...as everyone is saying. and i found this jewel on the heels of gillian flynn's trio of smart-woman thrillers...i've felt drunk as rachel, having tripped upon this genre of fiction i could just swim in forever...except that after extensive browsing on amazon, since finishing girl on the train,  i think there are only four books in the genre so far. gillian flynn's three and girl on the train. (none of the suggested books i viewed seemed in the same league.) please tell me i'm wrong! i want more. need more...<br/><br/>i love an unreliable narrator who turns out to be a total hero(oine)--rachel is so hard to take at the begining, yet endearing, yet so cringe-ifyingly pathetic..<br/><br/>maybe some of the horror comes from the horrific fear, as a 40-something woman reading this, of being. or becoming, or remotely ever at all seeming even a little bit like this woman. so alone. yet she is vindicated. and then some. (ahh.)  the literary elements of her character and the other well and honestly drawn characters, makes lush foliage to hang on a who-done-it, rear-window kind of a thing. it is almost impossible to put down. more like this please, and when is the movie?<br/><br/>july 11, update: found next read, with help from book riot facebook post: station eleven...woo. read on!
This book is overhyped, predictable and just plain disappointing. Amazed that it has gotten so much buzz and suckered so many readers into buying this tripe.
Not at all clear how this was a NY Times best seller. The plot is simplistic, the psychological profiles meaningless and the whole thing is just uninspiring.
I thought it was terrible. Who wants to read about a psychotic girl full of drama? I quit after reading 10% of the book and that is not something I often do.
I couldn't put this book down. It was suspenseful, riveting, and always had me on my toes. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a thriller and mystery.
I thought this book was confusing in that the point of narration changes btw characters, and I found myself getting thrown out of the story line emotionally.
I know this book has been on the best seller list for some time. I found in boring, too descriptive of things that didn't matter and overall a waste of time.
I have no idea why this novel is rated as high as it is. The narrative is sloppy and at times completely disconnected from the story line. I wasted my money.
A disturbing feeling. That's how I describe reading the life of the girl on the train. Her interest in complete strangers, a young couple who live on the same street as her ex husband and his new wife, is voyeuristic and downright creepy. She goes so far as to name them and imagine their relationship. This beginning sets up a dysfunctional mix of two neighboring couples and the ever watchful girl on the train--the ex-wife who is alcoholic and rides the train every morning to pretend she is still working a job so her roommate won't kick her out. In between her binges she puzzles over missing segments of her life that she fidgets with until convinced she has the missing part to the murder of the neighbor wife. If you like a snoop into  the lives of unstable, violent, and bizarre behavior this is your novel. The talent of the author that intrigued me was withholding information and weaving snippets of supposed truth throughout. At least it made me read to the end. This is a read with no literary merit. And personally, I would rather not have had these people enter my life. I found it disturbing and unsettling.
Told via first person narrative by three protagonists. Rachel, our primary character who tells most of the story, is at a low point in her life. She had it all, a great husband, sweet little house, but she couldn't get pregnant. Then her husband had an affair and the other woman got pregnant!  So her husband left her and married the other woman, and now they live in Rachel's old house with the baby and Rachel is high and dry. Well, she's not dry, she's a lush. So, depressed and despondent over the string of losses and misfortune, she's turned to the bottle and the bottle seems to have turned on her.<br/><br/>Rachel makes a lot of bad decisions. I found myself sympathizing with her and pulling for her and grieving with her. This is absolutely brilliant story-telling. The characters are so flawed and human as they struggle through their lives, and this mystery so much fun!<br/><br/>None of the narrating characters ever fully understands what happened on the night in question, but we readers get to figure it out by the end. There's a reason this book is staying on the best seller lists!  It's really good.
Plowed through it just so I could say I finished it.  Cannot believe it has been on the best seller list for so long.  Found it very slow moving and boring.
Being a NYT best sellar I expected more from this book.  It is depressing, did not leave me any good teaching nor a good feeling.  It was a waste of my time
Greatly written! The book keeps you interested the entire time!! The suspense and drama will keep you reading until the end! The book has a complete ending!
This was a great book!!!  A friend told me about it and without really knowing any of the plot, I bought it on audiobook.  I was hooked from the moment it started.  From loving the voices of the characters to loving the plot, it was really just so engrossing that I didn't want to get out of my car to stop the audiobook.  I have probably only read one or two books more than once in my life, but I would absolutely read this again.  The characters haven't left me and I was very sad to end the book.  I found myself wanting to know the ending but wanting to kind of savor the book.. to make it go slower so it didn't have to end.<br/><br/>With that said, the voices of the characters were so well done that you forgot that you didn't know these people.<br/><br/>The plot had enough of a twist to it to keep you guessing. And although I guessed the twist beforehand, I only think that happened because I am a writer and that's the way my brain works.<br/><br/>I can't say enough about how well done this book is.  I cannot wait to read anything else by this author. I hope she doesn't make us wait too long!
I'm really split in this book. There's a whole lot to love about it, from the pacing to the characterization to the slow reveals. I read it in less than two days because I couldn't put it down and wanted to know what happened next. However, the book also leans heavily on temporary amnesia and coincidence. Given that I've read a lot of crime fiction, I've kind of gotten over that because it can be pretty prevalent, especially in older crime fiction. What really got me--and why I'm so split on it--is that the big reveal at the end relies solely on information that is purposely vague. I bought this up to a writer friend who really enjoyed the book, and he understood why I was annoyed but also pointed out that, as writers, we're hypercritical of everything we read because we see the underlying structure. And I do agree with that, but I also, as a reader, felt cheated by the deliberate misdirect.<br/><br/>So, that aside, this is a really, really good read, but I couldn't reconcile that point.<br/><br/>(And that said, she is selling millions of copies and I'm not, so maybe my opinion is invalid.)
Flawed people limping through life. Addiction, deceit. Lives collide and readers have a window seat on the journey through their conflict.
This book was very slow all the way until about three quarters of the way through . Or maybe it just wasn't my type of book. I really didn't care for it.
I read 1 to 2 books per week, this was not for me.  Very depressing and no likeable characters.  I am amazed it has been on best seller list for so long.
I did not once feel sorry for Rachel. I could not connect with any of the characters. I enjoyed it until the ending. The ENDING!!! Not believable at all.
The best mystery/crime drama I've read since Gone Girl - maybe even better! Unpredictable twists and turns, excellent character development...I LOVED it!
Comparisons to Gone Girl are insulting - weak characters and a flimsy story line.  Way too easy to figure out before things happen.  No surprises at all.
Predictable, miserable reading experience for me.  Everybody has different taste and you might love it.  But I'm sorry I read it.  NOT another Gone Girl.
What I found interesting about The Girl on the Train is that it is told by 3 unreliable female narrators, each of whom is quite unlikeable. In fact, the cast of characters in this book is fairly small and there’s not a likable character in the bunch. Is it weird of me to say that it was almost a relief to not feel like I had to root for anyone? The women all become more sympathetic by the end of the story, but overall it was fun to read a book that I didn’t want to put down without having any emotional ties to any one character.<br/><br/>I found this book to be fairly fast-paced and without much extraneous plot that wasn’t related to the mystery. I couldn’t put it down because I just had to know how it ended. Whereas I found myself baffled by the lack of a decisive ending in Gone Girl, this was not the case in The Girl on the Train and I appreciated that a full story was told from start to finish, with no open questions remaining.<br/><br/>It’s an intriguing mystery that will be just as good as you pass the time on a cold winter’s night as it will be this summer on the beach.
This is remarkably well-crafted for a debut novel.  Chapters alternate between three female point-of-view characters. The primary one is Rachel, the ultimate unreliable narrator, a raging alcoholic with gaps, blackouts, and hazy memories that often as not obscure the truth. She inserts herself in the middle of a missing-girl case after witnessing what might be important events from the window of her passing commuter train.  Under the constant influence of gin and wine, it’s hard for her to tell the difference anymore between fact and fancy.  The deeper she gets, the more she realizes it is possible she witnessed the crime—or even participated in it—while in a blackout.<br/><br/>The cast is rounded out by four other characters—Scott, Megan, Tom, and Anna—whose relationships are intertwined and connected in varied, surprising, and usually dysfunctional ways.  It’s a closed community that feels very lived-in and nuanced.<br/><br/>The ending is surprising and effective. My only knock on it was that it was not as good as the more elaborate solution I had worked out in my own head.
Warning: This is not a happy book. It takes place in a suburb of London and is full of broken people living broken lives. However, how these broken people are revealed and how they all relate to a murder is what makes the book interesting. The mystery is told from three different women’s points of view, each telling their story in the first person. It can get little confusing, especially when they jumble time periods, but you slowly learn the whole story by listening to each one. I was intrigued in the first third, bored somewhat by Rachel’s interminable alcohol black-outs in the middle, but then was gripped through the final third as the full truth began to be revealed. It has almost no action (until the end) and is mostly a lot of sad people talking about their sad lives, but the way the author broke up this murder mystery made it interesting. Kind of how I feel about the romance in the movie “500 Days of Summer” where the story is pretty simple but the reveal is the fascinating part. So I enjoyed it, but don’t read it if you need a lift of your spirits! 3-1/2 stars out of 5.
I am going to make sure and not give ANY spoilers in this review, as this is a total page turner that will keep you glued to the plot;; and that glue will hold you to the book tighter and tighter as the plot develops.<br/><br/>Many years ago I took a creative writing adult continuing education class; and in the very first class, the teacher laid forth a primary rule of excellent fiction writing: show the reader, don't tell the reader. In "The Girl On The Train", writer Paula Hawkins proves herself a master of this rule showing, not telling, the reader all the necessary facts drip by factual drip until the cup is full and you have reached the climax of an incredibly tightly plotted psychological thriller.<br/><br/>The book involves three women, and four men. Only the women narrate the book, and their narration shows many of the necessary facts by telling the reader bit by bit their thoughts about themselves, the other characters, what they see and their reaction to it, interspersed with expert tight... Read more
The storyline does a reasonable job of exploring the personalities of the characters, particularly the images in the imagination of "The Girl On The Train" in and of herself as she sees images from something of a distance, and frames illusions about what they mean. From my perspective this presents a tale of a person who really doesn't seem to know herself very well, replaces "knowledge" with suppositions, as well as other characters in the play, and as events unfold they grope through and eventually learn more about their foundations of themselves and among each other.<br/><br/>Yes, there is some mystery that unfolds in a very slow way, and my guess is that we as readers actually know some people that have issues as told in the story that the characters will remind us of knowing. It is possible that some readers will "see" themselves in the tale. For those, that I'd guess would be in the minority, the work might trigger some inspiration although in and of itself I would not call this work inspirational nor would it qualify as dynamic: revealing; yes.
This book has been a best seller for some weeks now and for good reason.  I think it's because the telling of the story goes well beyond the basic premise: three women making very bad choices and being victimized by men who are exposed for the rats they are.  Not much new or exciting there.  But what Hawkins does with it is a gem.  The story unfolds as they do in many really good books and the reader is carried along effortlessly.  What is truly unique about the work is how the perspectives of three narrators appeared to me.  Reading the story and seeing it develop was like watching a jig saw puzzle being put together.  But it was like I was seeing it being assembled on a glass pane and I was standing on the back side of the glass.  Each of the three narrative characters has a hand in the puzzle and Hawkins does an amazing job of letting them emerge as independent persons. At first they seemed so similar, but by the end each was clearly recognizable.  It is a truly good book written by a highly skilled storyteller that is limited only by its somewhat uninspired basic premise.
Very rarely can I not complete a book.  I tried very hard to wait for it to get better.  I gave up about half way through.  Worst half book I ever read!
With all the hoopla surrounding this book I was expecting an amazing story. While very good, and I would recommend it, it wasn't as good as I had hoped.
Girl on the Train was a good mystery. Kept me guessing almost to the end. Was it the husband, the lover, the crazy ex-wife? Good story - very well done.
Didn't like this book. Very dark and no likable characters. Went on and on often about nothing.  I read to the end but was not having an enjoyable read.
The story is somewhat depressing in the beginning,but look out ! The story develops quickly as you realize you don't know any of the characters really !
"Gone girlesque"... A lot of characters to keep track of.  At times hard to believe yet very entertaining. Couldn't wait to see how it was going to end.
If you liked Gone Girl you will Love The Girl on the Train...A 21st century Murder Mystery with no sugar and spice and everything nice!!!....I loved it!
The girl on the train is Rachel.  When the train stops at the signals, Rachel follows the movements of the couple who live at 11 Blenheim Road.  In her imagination they are Jess and Jason. In fact they are Scott and Megan.  A few doors down that road live Tom, Rachel's ex-husband, and his new wife, Anna. Rachel imagines a blissfully in love couple and is shocked when she sees another man in the back yard with Megan in an intimate embrace. Then there is the news that Megan is missing.  Rachel feels compels to assist the police.  And so the complex investigation begins.  However, underlying the whole story is Rachel's alcoholism and her propensity to invent things (tell lies).  The narration is shared between Rachel, Megan and Anna.  Rachel tries to fight her alcoholism and this has a poignant insight into the struggle of an addict to try to kick the habit – with always an excuse to procrastinate – “I'll start tomorrow”.  It always bothers me when the author chooses to tell the murder in the victim's voice.  The underlying theme of the book, one could say, is “truth or lies”.
Well written page turner-dark and edgy -  difficult to predict until the final pages.  Would recommend for those who enjoy mystery and suspense.
A few things about this book which made it a middling read were stereotypical characters, confusion in the first person singular writing, and a somewhat predictable ending.<br/><br/>It's hard to imagine writing a book with a simpler format. Each section has the name of the narrator and the date of the event(s). You know the teller of the story, but the tense goes back and forth between present and past in a way that is distracting.<br/><br/>The main characters are women who are flawed and helpless, men who are flawed and vicious. While all show different emotions at times, they would be uninteresting apart from the plot. In a good story there is someone you want to know, even they aren't particularly likable. Not so here. If not twisted together like an oddly shaped pretzel, who would care about any of them?<br/><br/>It gets 3 stars because it isn't awful, I needed something to read, and it's my first kindle book on my iPad app, which is a very good free app. Also, I did download a free sample, so if I didn't find the book riveting I didn't have to buy it. Mea culpa.
I wanted to badly to enjoy this book after hearing of its popularity and long wait times to borrow from the library. I kept thinking "It will get better," but it just never did. I found all of the characters so unlikable! The story centered around Rachel, the divorced, stalkerish, alcoholic who wallows in her pity, lies to everyone, and is completely over-the-top. I'm not sure what the author's intent was with any of the characters in this novel. I feel like the author kept trying to be "artsy" and surprising, but it fell flat every time. Anna was annoying and hard-to-read, Megan was a slutty housewife cheating on her husband, and Rachel was just a drunk. How we were supposed to empathize with any of these characters is beyond me. As for the men... Tom is your typical jerk, and I am not sure how to feel about Abdic and Scott. They both fell flat to me with minimal true characterization. As for the ending, I could see it a mile away. I kept hoping for an unexpected twist, but it never came. I would not recommend this so-called "thriller" to anyone.
Wanted to like this story. Wanted to like the narrator. Ugh...couldn't warm up to either. In reading a character's story, there has to be something that draws me in and keeps me hoping for at least a positive reason to like the person I'm spending time with. A moment of truth. A hint of learning from one's mistakes. Goodness, these wouldn't even be necessary if the main character has one, single likable quality. The "girl" on the train, while not a sociopath, is unpleasant and weak. And, while not a narcissist, is a whining, self-pitying drunk. There is not one redeeming social value to be found in this book, except maybe in the 'girl's' roommate, who, now that I think about it, should have kicked her roommate out the moment she vomited on the stairs and collapsed into bed, instead of cleaning the mess up.  I've thought about taking back one of the two stars I gave The Girl on the Train, but decided not to because Hawkins can write. I just wish she'd use her talent to create a protagonist we could pull for.
This story was difficult for me to get into at first, but since it was our book group book I was committed to finishing it, and I'm glad I did. The reason I couldn't get into it initially was because I didn't care for the main character. She seemed weak and foolish and drank too much alcohol. But about a quarter into the book, when I realized why she was so weak, I felt sorry for her--which is always a draw for me. Then I had to know how the story ended.<br/><br/>I suspected who the real "bad" person was in the story quickly, but for a long time I thought two characters were the same person. The author didn't give them enough unique and separate characteristics so they sounded the same.<br/><br/>I really loved how this story shows us that things are never as they appear. The girl on the train thinks she sees something, but life is way more complicated than what you see at first glance. This story was a great reminder of that.<br/><br/>If you have trouble with intense thrillers, you might have to put this book down toward the end to take breathing breaks.
There's lot of buzz going around about THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN, and for the most part, I think it lived up to the hype. It's a dark psychological thriller that was easy to get wrapped up in. Rachel, a.k.a the girl on the train, likes to snoop on people's lives outside the window as she rides back and forth to London, which gets her in a web of trouble when she sees something disturbing. Rachel is unstable, and her life is a mess, so can her story be believed? The doubts I had about Rachel made this an entertaining story to read. I love unreliable narrators -- fun and frustrating.<br/><br/>If I compare this book to that other "girl" thriller (GONE GIRL), it falls a bit short. THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN had plenty of interesting twists and big reveals along the way, though I wasn't that surprised by the ending. I also thought that the women in this book were just too weak in character, as in a wee bit pathetic? Overall, I did enjoy the book though!! Kept me reading late into the night... Impressive debut, and I'll definitely pick up Paula Hawkins next novel. 4 stars!
Great book told from the point of view of three women. I normally take awhile to read a book, but finished this in four days. I would highly recommend.
It was so depressing I couldn't get through it,maybe I will try it again but honestly there are so many other great books out there,why waste the time?
Disliked intensely. There were no characters I could relate to or empathize with. The plot was unnecessarily manipulative. Save yourselves the trouble.
Well written...but I would get the characters confused at times as the women all had the same attributes.  But, it was a fun read and I did enjoy it!
Weak characters with no real substance. Repetitive story line. Would not recommend  this book to anyone and am ashamed of myself for wasting my time.
I really enjoyed this book, although alcoholism, infidelity and ultimately murder make for a story that was very dark at times.  The characters were nuanced and interesting and the story moved along quickly - keeping my interest.  The main character Rachel was both likable and incredibly frustrating; She was pathetic at times, yet ultimately showed a great deal of strength and resilience.  The story centers around the disappearance of a woman named Megan that Rachel has been watching from the train each day.  Rachel life has fallen apart, with divorce and alcoholism, so she has created an idealized view of Megan as the train goes by each day and she is overwhelmed with a desire to find out what happened.  All of the characters in the story seem to have a darker side, and while this adds to the tension and drama, it leaves the reader with a very pessimistic outlook on the world.  The ending seemed very obvious, and dragged on just a bit too long. It wasn't the best I have ever read, but I would recommend this book, especially if you enjoy a good mystery.
4.5 stars<br/><br/>Can't really explain why this story grabbed me like it did. On the surface, it doesn't seem like it should have.  It's told in first person, which I prefer, but in present tense, which I hate.  I can understand the comparison to Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl, which I loved, in that the characters aren't the least bit likable or the kind of people anyone would want to be friends with. Rachel is weak and whiny, Anna is self-absorbed and stupid, and Megan is self-indulgent and reckless. All three are ridiculously juvenile. There's very little dialogue, a huge part of the narrative is backstory, and one of the characters is constantly blacking out and remembers nothing, which I found not all that believable. Then there's the fact I guessed early on "whodunnit".<br/><br/>And yet, it was a remarkably gripping read.  I was compelled to finish.  I wish I could put my finger on why.  You'll just have to dig in and see if it grabs you, too.  But know this, I am a very difficult reader to satisfy, but this book was strangely gratifying.
This was one of the most interesting book I've read in a long time.  Seen through the eyes of the three characters, each chapter changing from one to the other, I just couldn't put it down.  I read it in one day.  It fascinated me to see how imagination and reality can be so very, very different.  Until you get to the end, you have no idea what on earth is really happening here.......Paula Hawkins writes a story full of twists and turns that keep the reader guessing until the end.  I don't want to be a spoiler, so I won't even mention the issue this story revolves around, but the main character, Rachel, is so very confused and ill that one begins to wonder if what she is seeing is truth or fantasy.  It illustrated how one person, just because of a serious addictive problem, can be manipulated and pulled into a complex weave of circumstances, all of which look bad for her, all the while the reader not knowing what is happening is her delusion or the truth.....if you want a fast, interesting, fast paced and pretty tricky little story, this is for you.
A friend recommended the book, and I was flying to the midwest, so I ordered it and it did race along, grab me by the neck from almost the beginning. The protagonist is a pathetic woman, who inadvertently stumbles into a drama involving a woman who disappears, the woman she has been seeing on her train ride into London, the woman she's invented a life for. We also get inside the head of the woman who disappears as well as the new wife of the protagonist's ex-husband, who lives in the same neighborhood along the train route.<br/><br/>We jump from one viewpoint to another and that keeps things moving fast. I wanted to figure out what was really happening. In the end, however, the three women were not only unappealing, but not different enough from each other. I would have liked it more if I cared more for any one of them, but they all seemed shallow and self-absorbed and weak.<br/><br/>— John Byrne Barry, author of Bones in the Wash: Politics is Tough. Family is Tougher. <br/>
I have mixed feelings about this novel. Like Gone Girl, it is a dark, surprising tale, and like Gone Girl, this novel features unreliable narration. Beyond that, I'm not so sure why there are so many comparisons between the two novels. I enjoyed the multiple points of view, and I appreciated that the characters were drawn with such unapologetic realism and complexity. That being said, there wasn't one likeable character in the entire novel, and while reading it, I desperately wished for just one positive nuance in any one of the characters. I also found that because this book was told out of chronological order, the various dates became difficult to keep up with. I was utterly delighted by the ending. I never once guessed what was actually going to happen, and in a novel of this level of dark suspense, that is a tremendous achievement. If you enjoy unreliable narration or a good, dark psychological thriller like Gone Girl or Mudvein, then I definitely think this book is worth the read. I will be very interested to see what Ms. Hawkins writes next.
This book definitely holds your interest from the beginning.  Lots of twists  if there had been a way to do half stars, I would give it 3 1/2 stars.
I did not like the main character she was too weak of a woman in this day in time to connect with I wanted to slap her silly and tell her to grow up
This was one of the best books I've read this year. It's fast paced and exciting really kept me wondering what was going to happen.  Two thumbs up!!
Grabs you right away and keeps you reading. Great character development. Would definitely  recommend and I usually don't read these types of novels.
This story sucked me in and under.  I moped around the house depressed and I'm happy to be finished.<br/>Not sure why the big fuss about this book.
I liked the flawed protagonist-very refreshing.  Equally enjoyable the seemingly flawless antagonist.  Nice twists and turns to keep reader engaged.
Thriller. Intriguing. Page turner. Not as deep and intricate as Gone Girl but a good read nonetheless. When love goes bad it can be very bad indeed.
Wasn't my favorite. I read it after "The Husbands Secret" as it was one of the recommended based on the books.  The first few chapters were a bit of a hard read to get through.  I had to keep switching back and fourth between the chapter I was reading to the chapter prior to it to remember the names and characters mentioned already.  I was pretty annoyed with the main character and everything about her.  From the first chapter she was introduced I was like "ugh".  She reminded me of a Jenji Kohan character, someone who just does stupid stuff all the time but yet remains in the lead. Just wasn't all the "hype" I was expecting.  The best part of the book when I was actually enjoying it was the last 2 chapters.  Prior to the last chapters I was just struggling to get through it and forcing myself to finish it only because I paid for it.  I hate starting books and not finishing them.  I'll finish the worst book even if it takes me 10 months off and on because I don't like leaving books unfinished.  Simply ok. Nothing amazing.
I put off buying this book because my husband always whines if I buy books written by women since he reads everything I buy and usually hates the 'female' point of view--.but this time--I read the book in an afternoon and evening and he decided to give it a try.  I thought maybe he'd hate it--it's first person "female"...but he loved it--I totally lost him for the evening as he was engrossed from page one.<br/><br/>The story is a sad one in many ways--especially if you or anyone close to you has an issue with addiction.  Simply reading the book can put you off alcohol for awhile.  The characters ring true--you ache for the main character and feel her confusion and fear.  I usually can figure out the 'who done it' by the time I'm a third of the way through most any mystery, but this one kept me guessing and even when I guessed right I didn't want to believe it.<br/><br/>Fast paced--the kind of book you fall into and don't want to put down.  And--for all the men who fear women writers for their sentimentality--this is the perfect read.
There is a difference between pop fiction and literature. Crime, mysteries, and psychological thrillers are mostly in the pop fiction category. Many people just want a light, quick read, in other words, they read for entertainment. That's fine, but I expect those books to deliver. I'm flummoxed then, as to why this book has caused such a stir. It begins well enough. A "girl" on a train observes what she thinks is an happy couple as she passes by on her way to London. She is a 34 year old alcoholic named Rachel. She's hardly a girl, but I admit the current title is more provocative than, "The Woman on the Train." It gets more and more absurd as it goes along, and the end is unremarkable, as it's easy to figure out the culprit. Rachel makes the most ridiculous decisions, inserting herself into a case without justification. It's like a balloon that starts losing air and finally droops. On the positive side, Rachel's narration about her feelings about her drinking is realistic. Her actions are often ridiculous. But it is a fast read.
The writing here is fine, but the story is poorly conceived and told.  The three lead women are all one-dimensional and tell their parts of the story in the same voice.  Aside from the chapter titles which tell you who is telling each section the story, the reader isn't able to differentiate the characters by the way they speak or act.  The story is repetitive and introduces a number of red herrings to try and heighten the suspense.  The author chooses to introduce plot points 3/4 of the way through the book in order to move the story along.  There is nothing that leads up to these revelations.  They could have easily been discovered 1/4 of the way through the book, which makes everything in between seem like inconsequential fluff.  There are other things that really annoyed me with the storytelling, specific to the person who committed the crime, but I won't reveal any spoilers here.<br/><br/>I give it 2 stars overall, but I can understand why some people enjoy it.  I just had too many pet peeves with the storytelling to rate it any higher.
Still unsure where all the raving reviews are coming from. In my mind, I equated the storyline loosely with Gone Girl in the sense that I did not like any of the main characters; however, Gone Girl's storyline was more enthralling and the writing was more intriguing.<br/><br/>The main character of this novel was annoying and frustrating, as she repeatedly comments how much she hates herself for her struggle with alcohol, but never does anything to change her behavior. If the story had revolved more around her struggle with alcohol in an empathetic way, that would have been more interesting and perhaps helped the reader to develop feelings for the character - instead you just wanted to reach out and shake sense into her.<br/><br/>Overall, the story was predictable and the end was not much of a "shocker" since you really didn't have many feelings for what happened to any of the characters by that point. The plot had potential that was never reached and the writing disappointed after so many positive reviews have been written for it.
The book centers around the actions of three women, Rachel, Megan, and Anna. Throughout the story they all seemed to bob around in a sea of toxic estrogen, overwrought emotionally and insecure, with first one and then the other popping up to the surface.  The protagonist Rachel is an especially irritating character. Her alcoholic ramblings that inevitably become penitent self-reproachful binges quickly become tiresome. She is a ding-bat who never ever learns. I don't believe it is a "tell" to say that she doesn't die in the end, but many readers will wish she did. If you slog it out and get to the climax, one character's actions are completely incomprehensible, and a generally weak plot then becomes totally contrived.<br/><br/>I think I would recommend this book to someone who doesn't really care about a well constructed mystery but would enjoy wallowing around in a swamp of illogical emotional agitation. Two stars, not one, because if you like riding trains there's a lot of that.
a HORRIBLE book the profanity is ongoing/nonstop very unpleasant reading. Sexual content is just filth nothing left for the imagination just ronchy
Highly recommended, but one of the worst books I have ever read.  I hated the whiny main character and it wasn't ever suspenseful.  No thrill here.
Awesome read. Kept me wondering to the end and was fast paced enough to hold attention. Looking forward to reading another book by the same author.
Started out strong but fell apart about halfway thru. Ending too predictable. Better character development of all players would have made it better
This was an inferior attempt at copying an average book - Gone Girl. It was Ground Hog Day for drinking and being hung over- chapter after chapter.
I sailed through this book by Paula Hawkins because I just wanted to find out what on Earth happened! I don't want to give any spoilers, but if you're a fan of authors like Gillian Flynn ("Gone Girl") or Liane Moriarty ("The Husband's Secret" and "Big Little Lies"), you will enjoy this book. What I find in common with these particular novels is a deeper look at people/characters and circumstances that are similar to my "regular life" but with some complex element that really makes me think about the world. I don't always understand what the characters are going through (alcoholism, drugs, cutting, etc.), but it makes me think about people and what drives them to do the things that they do. I am able to transfer these thoughts to my own life.<br/><br/>In summary, this book lets me relate to seemingly "normal" characters who are all struggling with something I don't personally identify with. If I can do that while enjoying a great plot, that's a great read in my book. (Unintended but appreciated pun!)
This one was one of those middle of the road reads: definitely didn't love it, don't hate it, would never read it again, just original enough not to make me roll my eyes, and it was a quick suspenseful read. I can't give it three stars but two seems way harsh so more like a 2.6? And even that seems like I am being nice.<br/>This was a recommended read after reading Gone Girl and I have to say there is no comparison here. This one just lacked that extra something that makes Gone Girl so exhilarating and enticing and ironic and running and something I would put on my yearly reading list.<br/>Yeah so this one was lack luster and I think I've narrowed it down to the fact that the main character Rachel does not possess one redeeming factor that makes you forgive her character in the end. I just couldn't sum up any sympathy for her so in the end I didn't care for her journey and could care less about where she ends up.<br/>Basically I feel like I got gripped by the twist ending which really isn't that twisted unless you count the corkscrew 😉
This book is one of the few that has compelled me to read right through to the end, skipping my to-do list for the day and almost skipping dinner. This is not a novel that dwells on character development or poetic description, although the characters are vividly drawn, and the author pulls readers into the scenes  effortlessly.  Paula Hawkins has crafted a tight, multi-layered plot with a singular focus.<br/><br/>Rachel takes the 8:04 train to London every weekday morning. Halfway through the hour-long ride the train stops for a track light allowing Rachel to observe the houses on Blenheim Road. Especially No.15 Blenheim Road, occupied by what appears to be a young, attractive couple very much in love. But are they what they appear to be?  And why is Rachel fascinated by them?<br/><br/>This intriguing novel explores perception and memory (especially if that memory is soaked in alcohol) while solving a missing person case. And if you think you know the solution to this mystery -- you're wrong. This is one of the best novels I have read.
Rachel, still raw after her divorce, travels past her former home twice a day on the commuter train. She becomes interested in an ideal couple living in a house a few doors down from where she used to live, concocting an idyllic life for the two.  Then the wife disappears, and Rachel finds herself obsessed with the mystery -- where has she gone? What has happened? Can she help the grieving husband find answers and deflect suspicion away from him? Convinced she has seen things from the train that give her extra insight into the couple, she inserts herself into the investigation. Meanwhile Anna, Rachel's ex-husband's new wife, contributes to the narrative, giving us a different view of Rachel and her motives, and making no bones about the fact that she views Rachel's intervention as an attempt to stalk her family.  In chapters alternating between Anna, Rachel, and Megan, the woman who has disappeared from her perfect life, the book gives us 3 different points of view of the story -- none of which prepares  us for the book's shocking finale.
There was a lot of hype/chat about this book so I was really looking forward to reading it.<br/><br/>There are three points of view in this story- Rachel, Megan and Anna. The story is mainly Rachel's story. However I thought it was well thought out to give us the other points of view. We also get told of their story in the past and present so dates are important.<br/><br/> I thought this story was really well written. For a debut novel to get this much hype is brilliant.<br/><br/>My rating: I would have given this a 3 star however the twist was very good and I couldn't have predicted now the last few chapters turned out so it gets a 4 star from me.<br/>For me I felt the story was a tad slow. It didn't grab my attention and unlike other books I wasn't thinking about it when I wasn't reading it. Thats my personal opinion. Some of my Goodread friends read it & loved it. That's what makes the literary world so exciting- that we all have different views on books.<br/>Having said that I'm looking forward to reading more by this author.
First things first. I adore e-books. They are most of what I read. However, if you can do so, I would urge you to buy the physical book of this one. The packaging is extremely unique. It was exciting the moment I opened the package from Amazon. And though I had a lot of books to read, this one was the one I was excited about.<br/><br/>The packaging lives up to the contents of the book itself. This is a very satisfying psychological thriller featuring a host of unreliable narrators. Literally from the first chapter, you realize that you can't trust what the characters are telling you. These characters lie even to themselves.<br/><br/>I imagine that some readers would find these characters unlikable. For me, while most were unlikable, they were also somewhat sympathetic. I felt for them - even those I was pretty sure I hated.<br/><br/>The book is masterfully written.<br/><br/>Often when I finish a new author, I ask myself if I would read them again in the future. I would read Hawkins again in a hearbeat, with the ca... Read more
I was disappointed by this book. After all the hype surrounding it and being hailed as the next Gone Girl AND being optioned to be adapted into a film, I was expecting something great but this book REALLY drags. It's not a thriller or mystery in the traditional sense, and while the characters have some nice twists and back stories all three of the main characters sound identical to each other, often using the same phrases. The thing that really bothered me about this though is that the narrators are intentionally SUPER vague at parts when you really need to know who they are talking about. Oftentimes referring to someone as "He" or "her" instead of by name, which sure makes you curious and intrigued by it but then later in the book Hawkins assumes you knew who she was talking about, and it's a really important moment in the book to have to stop and go back and STILL be confused.<br/><br/>Overall, it's not a terrible read. It's fun for parts of it, but not for everyone. I'd give it a 2.5 if I could. It's just average.
This a basically a novel about three women whining about how miserable their lives are.  Who needs this?  Perhaps women whose lives are miserable?
The mystery is intriguing but the three women are not people I would be friends with...it was difficult to spend all those hours in their company!
Thought is was a great read about damaged people, not sure of you want to root for or against them but they do grow on you by the end of the story
If you liked the pace of Gone Girl, you will also enjoy this thriller. Sometimes it was challenging to follow the point of views, but a good read.
Really, really good...better than I expected really, and with a lot of psychological complexity that doesn't fully come clear until the payoff at the end. Honestly found parts of it difficult to read. I normally really struggle with books about addiction or with addicts as main characters...much less narrators...so it's really a tribute to the writing that I found it impossible to put down, in spite of that.<br/><br/>While I suspected/guessed aspects of that ending, that psychological complexity I mentioned still made the payoff really worthwhile. I found myself thinking about layers of that days later, in terms of the dimensionality of the characters themselves. I don't want to say too much due to the spoiler thing, but anyone who knows anything about trauma and how it affects people will probably pick up on a lot of this, especially in relation to the Rachel character and her spiral following her divorce.<br/><br/>A great mystery story...and a great psychological thriller. I'll definitely be looking out for more by this author!
How did this book get so many good reviews?!! It wasn't the biggest steaming pile I've ever read but pretty close. I was intrigued by the premise but disappointed (and annoyed) that 90% of the book was Rachel drinking, barfing, peeing herself and/or falling down, making bad choices and then apologizing afterwards. I am sympathetic to addiction, but Rachel's alcoholism felt totally contrived -- it was as if the author just used it as a way to present holes in the story because it was written like how a teenager (or someone who has never drank) would probably perceive it to be. All the characters were pathetic, two dimensional and unbelievable and it read like a never ending daytime soap opera or Lifetime movie. If you're really that interested in solving the mystery just read a spoiler review and be done with it. Wish I had done that instead of wasting my time. Also, this book is NOT anything like Gone Girl except that they both utilize unreliable narration. GG wasn't the best book but at least it was somewhat clever and entertaining.
I get so frustrated when I see books compared to "Gone Girl" as this one was in some reviews I'd seen because "Gone Girl" was one of the most over-rated pieces of crap I had read in recent memory.<br/><br/>This is nothing at all like it!  You hate the main character because her flaws are so intense, but you can't help but root for her. It's a gift to be able to write like that.  Suspense all the way through, but frustration in equal measures - frustration not at the author - the book is very well-written - but frustration because you want to slap some of the characters and get them to do something else.  It's like watching a television program and yelling at the TV to get the characters to do something different.  I found myself doing that quite a bit here.<br/><br/>In the end, I didn't see it coming.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Won't give anything away, but this is a page-turner worth sitting down with for an afternoon.  I think it took me just that long because I couldn't bear to not finish it in one sitting.
While one could argue that the mystery part of this novel was somewhat predictable, the remarkable part of this novel is found in the struggles of the protagonist. As an alcoholic struggling with the disappointments of life, Rachel is both movingly sympathetic and realistically flawed. I couldn't help but think of the father in "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn." Alcoholics in both cases are perhaps flawed but not wholly irredeemable. And so it is with Rachel. She is at turns frustrating and heartbreaking. Without revealing too much of the plot, I will say that we often talk about those who enable alcoholics through compassion but this novel vividly describes those who enable for their own purposes; how easy it is to blame the alcoholic for all things. I was moved by the reality of Rachel's naive, sweet and conflicted roommate, annoyed by the probably all-too-realistic police officers and sympathetic towards the other misinformed women. This was a satisfying read - surprising, moving and fascinating. Worth every entertaining minute!
I read the book through and therefore will give it two 1/2 stars.<br/><br/>Other than that, with all the publicity hype, I was surprised and disappointed at the quality of the writing, the interminable diary-like entries with the same literary voice, and the tiresome first person present throughout.<br/><br/>That the characters are not admirable or don’t experience any semblance of personal growth by the end of the story is not necessarily a criticism. Although I do think some kind of moral reflection makes for a stronger and more memorable protagonist. It’s okay to have the dregs of humanity populate your story, but in this one, they move through it like a bunch of snakes in a pit – not thinking beyond their most primal impulses.<br/><br/>I give the writer credit for keeping me reading, having created a certain amount of tension and suspense.  But then I take it back for letting me down in the end.  I wanted to care about Rachel, Anna and Megan but in the end all I wanted to do was be rid of them and their tedious soliloquies.
When I bought and read this book I didn't realise it was the sensation of the year. It was better that way because I did not expect much and was not dissappointed. The idea of writing about a girl travelling daily on a train and imagining the lives of those she sees from the window is good. I did't know at the time it was autobiographical, as well as the heroine's struggle against alcoholism. Those are the best parts of the book, and the introspective parts are by far the best part of the book. The suspense/mystery part is not as good. I already suspected the end half way through the book and keep reading just for confirmation. I can't say it's a bad book, but I don't understand its cult status. Some people compare it to Lost Girl, and although the plot has nothing to do with it, I understand the comparison. There is something dark and aimless about both of them, and the anti-heroes portrayed as the main characters in both books are similar. So if you really, really liked gone girl, chances are that you will like this very much.
This site hardly needs another review of "The Girl on the Train", but I wanted to say that I felt that the comparisons to "Gone Girl", while understandable, were not really as germane as they first appear.  Yes, both books use the unreliable narrator technique, and bad things happen to bad people.  But I felt "The Girl on the Train" to be the superior novel.  Not only was the character development better, the book didn't strain the bounds of reader credulity as did "Gone Girl."  The sexual crudeness of "Gone Girl", the unnecessary profanity that was actually pretty disgusting, was also absent in "The Girl on the Train."  I simply felt Paula Hawkins to be the better writer.  I disagree with those that say that Rachel is an unsympathetic character.  People actually do have debilitating problems with alcohol, and blackouts do happen.  I couldn't put the book down, and I didn't hurl it across the room in disgust at the ending as I did "Gone Girl."  That's a real recommendation.
This story builds slowly, steadily, and reveals itself to you so that you know the outcome without even remembering how you made the connections.
Boring.  Monotonous sentence structure.  Pathos to redemption is 100:1.  There is no love in any of the characters.  No one I would want to know.
Well done! We are as confused as the main character, who lives in an alcohol-soaked world she is desperately trying to control. Highly recommend.
Book title should have been Diary of a Drunk.  Not as good as top raters said it would be until the very last chapter.: until than a Ho Hum book!
Too much repetition and too slow. I found myself skimming pages trying to get to the "good" part. An okay read but there are many better stories.
Had my attention right from the start. A real whodunit read! I love her writing style and will definitely check out other books by Paula Hawkins.
A page turner until the end, The Girl in the Train is a stellar example of how an unreliable narrator can have you second guessing even yourself.
I saw this book in the book store, read the high rated reviews, and I couldn’t wait to start reading.  The beginning of the book was interesting enough to keep me reading, but less than half way through, the storyline turn monotonous. Stories such as this, have been written so many times - nothing new.  Also, the main character, Rachel, was just pathetic, senseless, and soon became unlikeable. And as far as the other characters in the book, they weren’t interesting, or endearing enough, to provide a “boost” to the story.<br/><br/>I finished the book, but struggled thought it by skipping pages and reading ahead – which robbed me of the enjoyment of leisurely reading.<br/>I found the book to be aggravating, boring and highly predictable - which made it a disappointing read and a waste of my money.<br/><br/>I gave it a three star rating, because others did seem to like it. So if you like to read a storyline that has been written numerous times, and one that is predicable, you might enjoy this book.  So three stars - It's OK.
Rachel is the girl on the train.  She is a divorced alcoholic who continues to ride the train on her daily commute, even though she no longer has a job.  While riding the train, she watches her old neighborhood and believes that she knows the inhabitants of the homes she watches, giving them names and stories.  One day she believes she has seen something odd and that same day, the wife of one of the couples she watches, disappears.  Rachel imposes herself upon the investigation and the story begins to move rapidly with several characters telling their stories.  It has been compared to Gone Girl and it does have a back and forth quality, but for this reader, it was a better story and one that  I could not predict or figure out easily.  The descriptions of Rachel's alcoholic days are a brutal picture of self deception and a wasting of life.  Her muddled memory makes for an interesting investigation of what she believes may have happened to the woman who disappeared.  Paula Hawkins knows her way around her pen and a corkscrew!
If compulsive reading were the sole criterion to reviewing, this would be Book of the Year. Add to that the skill of the writer in stripteasing information. And okay, okay, she can map the female psyche like Google.<br/>But then you don't see things coming because you have been manipulated, blinded, fooled into not seeing them, and that is not always a good thing. The reader should be a copilgrim in the journey, not a horse on a plot twist leash. One cannot fault a writer for a talent that is so enjoyable for the readers, despite the visible strings of the puppeteer.<br/>Perhaps the most regrettable part of the book is its proximity to the hit Gone Girl. The voices of the two books and their narrative approaches are near identical, not to mention the infidelity plot. And that may not exactly a bad thing for the revenue, since Gone Girl has opened the door for use novels: what shall we call it? The Neo-nasty Girl Archetype? Selfish women on rampage? Needy desperation as the new normal?<br/>Still, by and large a good read.
Fantastic book. Better than Bravo 2 Zero by Andy McNabb. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who can read, and likes thrillers. 10 on 10.
This book was nothing more than what can be found on daytime television. I can't believe it's a New York Times bestseller don't waste your time.
A poor imitation of Gone Girl.  The  female characters are not well drawn.  All the women have that same voice.  Would not recommend reading it.
It was ok... confusing and unsatisfying, however, I read the whole thing... I had to know what was going to happen but in the end, unsatisfying.
With a clever storyline, interesting characters and easy to read style, you won't be able to put this book down.  Keeps you guessing to the end.
This is a very unusual mystery that takes place in a London suburb that is told from the perspective of several different characters on two different timelines.  As confusing as that may sound the story actually holds together really well.  By telling the story from multiple perspectives the author puts the reader in the position of trying to decide who is the most reliable witness out of several obviously unreliable witnesses to the events of a particular night.  It is a story where all the character are connected to each other whether they would like to be or not and no one knows the other person as well as they thought they did.  I thought that the first person narrative style was especially chilling toward the end of the book as the characters get pulled deeper and deeper into events that all of them are causing and played a part in but all seem to be powerless to control.  This is a very good mystery/thriller that will leave the reader guessing and actually get more interesting after the initial mystery is solved.
This is a tough book to put down! There are lots of twists and turns to keep you guessing and turning pages right up to the end.<br/><br/>Our leading lady, Rachel, is instantly unlikable-pathetic, alcoholic, self loathing. She has made an utter mess of her life; losing her job and her marriage to her uncontrollable addiction to self pity, which she expresses openly through alcohol abuse. In trying to hide the loss of her job from her roommate/landlady, Rachel continues to ride the commuter train each morning and evening, spending most of her time daydreaming about the life she once had or about the life she has made up in her mind about a couple she observes during her daily train rides. This couple becomes a central focus of the story, as Rachel is almost sure she saw something terrible happen between them or to them but her memories are lost in the fog of an alcohol induced black out. The story twists and turns as Rachel scrambles to unravel what she saw while fighting her urges to just drink herself into oblivion.
Poor alcoholic Rachel.  As she commutes daily on a train, heading towards a job she longer has, passing the same scenes daily, she creates a world of her own.  She fills it with characters that she assigns the perfect life, the perfect love.  Filling worthless, filled with longing for her ex husband and jealousy for his current wife and their new baby, she's witness to a murder.  Of course she's viewed with doubt.  After all she's an unreliable drunk who suffers blackouts and is obssessed with her ex husband's life. She sounds crazy and is viewed as such.  Twists and turns.  Some surprises.  I began to suspect who the murderer was half way through the book.  Still a good read that I kept going back to.  I felt real sorrow for Rachel.  Unable to move forward with her life, unable to admit that her past life is over, unable to decipher what memory is real and what is blurred by wine.  First time I have read htis aurthur.  I would read her again. Her characters are believable and I wanted to find out what happens to them
This book was very hard to put down.  It's a fast, easy read that easily sucks you in.  The characters are ones you just have to find out what happens to them.  Train wreck might more accurately describe the main character.<br/><br/>I also had a hard time not comparing this book to Gone Girl.  I felt like the story lines were a bit similar.<br/><br/>You know how when somebody recommends a book or movie and they brag so much about the storyline and how much you are going to love it, that it just doesn't live up to the expectations you've held it to?  That's how I felt a little after reading this book.  Too much hype and it didn't live up. Everybody raved at how shocking the ending was and how it pulled all aspects of the story line together.  The ending was a surprise, I will give it that.  But all in all, I felt like perhaps the book came with a little too much hype for me.  It was a good book; don't get me wrong.  I might have given it a four or even five star ranking if it hadn't come so highly talked about.
I really expected more from this book as it had been highly rated by Amazon and other reviewers. So disappointing and lacking in so many ways.,
Terrible, had to put it down because it was so slow-moving and predictable. Disappointed that this is what people want to read these days. Ugh!
I liked the character development. We discover who the characters  are little by little, so this was an engaging read.  Finished it in one day.
A great story told from the perspective of three woman. So many secrets, so many twists. The author brings the stories all together in the end.
Considering all the hype, predictable. Ex wife "gas lighted" by her ex husband. The telling of the story by the ex wife was somewhat different.
A good book to read when you're sick, distracted, bored, or on a commuter train yourself. Page turner? Yes. Character development? Not so much.
This was a really involved story.  Every single character was damaged.  And the one that you thought had it<br/>together was the most damaged.
The mark of a good book is that you don't want it to end. It was full of interesting flawed characters, a good mystery. I hope she writes mote.
This book is told in the Point of View of Rachel Watson (the girl in the train) Megan (the missing girl) Anna (the "other woman" for which Rachel husband Tom left her)<br/>Rachel takes the train to London and back everyday where she watches this couple who she calls Jesse and Jason, who leave only 2 houses away from her ex-husband, the new wife and child. In her head she has a version and a full story about them, about their lives, but one day she sees Jesse kissing another man, this upsets her and after several drinks decided to go and confronts her husband that night "Megan" Jesse goes missing, and Rachel knows that nobody knows about Megan's lover, so she needs to start remembering what happened that night to help her.<br/>I read it really quick, every page revealed new information, a new suspect and I couldn't put it down for long. At the end of the book we get to know Megan better than any other character, and we see than none of the characters was what we believed when we started the book.
I'm bedridden after surgery so just finished reading Girl on the Train to pass the time.<br/><br/>What I liked: the plot. I found it an unusual writing style to tackle the story from a commuter's perspective.<br/><br/>What I didn't like: not one single character. For me, I don't have to fall in love with a character (I certainly didn't with Gone Girl and I loved that book). But Rachel, the main character was thin, underdeveloped, shallow, weak, self-pitying and a drunk. The book is told by three characters, Rachel being the main one. Anna is married to Rachel's ex-husband, whom Rachel still pines for. Anna is vapid, self-centered and flat out annoying. Megan (who is first known as Jess in Rachel's fairy-tail version of people she views from the train window) is mentally unstable with a sordid past.<br/><br/>I figured out the ending about two thirds through. This was disappointing because I like to be utterly shocked by a book's ending. It's not the worst book I've read, but certainly not the best. It'll do.
This book was ok. The blackouts of the main character seem a stretch, especially toward the end of the book. While I like the premise of the story unfolding through different character voices, the development of each character is shallow. You know each of the characters has demeaning, undesirable qualities, but they are just blah and predictable. The only nice character, Cathy, comes across as a doormat.<br/><br/>As the book progresses, it becomes very predictable, which is disappointing. Without divulging too much information about specific characters, I felt at loose ends wondering what happened with some of the remaining characters. The ending was somewhat abrupt, almost as if the author had reached her quoto of pages and decided to call it quits before tying up the loose ends.<br/><br/>I did see some style, plot, and character similarities  between this author and Gillian Flynn, however, Flynn's writing is more developed. I wouldnt say the book was a total wash, but I fail to understand the rave reviews.
Rachel is a big time alcoholic…and a bit of a fraud. She pretends to go to work everyday in London. Everyday she passes the house she used to live in with her then husband Tom (who is now remarried and has a child). She also passes the house of a couple she names Jess and Jason. She re-imagines their life…what they do for a living…hobbies, etc.. It gives her something else to think about besides her own life. Since she has been watching them for several months, she feels as if she sort of knows them. One day Rachel witness something involving Jess that forever changes things. And it turns out Jess, whose name is actually Megan has gone missing.<br/><br/>Rachel drinks way too much and doesn’t care how that makes her look to other people or herself really. Because she drunk so much, she inevitably lost her job.<br/>Megan used to run an art gallery..a job she loved, but the gallery didn’t survive and now she stays home. She is married, but her husband doesn’t trust her. For a possibly good reason... Read more
This is a suspenseful murder mystery with some good plot twists.  But it seems very retro in terms of the characters and situations. If it didn't include cell phones and computers, I'd think it was set in the early 1960s, when feminism was utterly unknown to most people.  The four main female characters: Rachel, Megan, Anna, and Cathy are "girls" in their thirties whose only measure of life success is whether or not they have a man -- and once they have him, a baby.  The loss of a father or brother means one will drift around in shock waiting for another man to come to the rescue.  These "girls' are completely vulnerable because men are so big and scary and their approval is absolutely necessary.  Too bad they are all pompous, selfish asses whose only interest in women is to bang as many little, thin girlish blondes as they can.  But that's life -- at least in this novel.  All one can do is try to beat out some other "girl" by taking away her man.  UGH!  Is this really what we've come to?
The Girl on the Train is on a ton of reading list for 2015 and it is a great read. If you like mysteries then this is a good one to read. The Girl on the Train has been described as the British Gone Girl, I'd have to say that while Hawkins writes a compelling story its not quite as twisted. What the author does well is balance the story between 3 main female characters.<br/><br/>Rachel is an alcoholic who spends a lot of her time on the train enjoy the pastime of people watching. But one day Rachel sees something that allows her to weave herself into the lives of strangers. Anna is the new wife to Rachel's ex-husband and a new mother trying to balance home life and the intrusive ex-wife. Megan is Anna's young neighbor a reminder of Anna's past and a woman with a dark secret of her own.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is an interesting murder mystery and revolves around the idea that you can never truly be certain of person's secrets and past--whether you trust them or chose to be a spectator on their lives.
I was on the library hold list for this for a long time.  Not sure what to add to the already thousands of reviews except to say I enjoyed it.  I was pretty sure who the villain was from the outset (I was right) but it didn't diminish my enjoyment of the book.<br/><br/>There really aren't any likable characters in this book, save maybe Cathy.  But then I kept wondering why she would put up with so much crap from Rachel.  Rachel is the very definition of hot mess.  Part of me felt sorry for her (she's that pathetic), but part of me just wanted to shake her and yell at her to get it together.<br/><br/>Megan is one of those women who can't survive without a man, and has the worst possible taste in picking them.<br/><br/>Anna was just so smug about seducing someone else's husband (not that he didn't carry even more of the blame for that), and her overreactions about everything got on my last nerve.<br/><br/>Even with my hatred of the characters, I was sucked into the story and didn't want to put it down.
Wow! This book sucked me in from the beginning and didn't let go.  I literally stayed up late at night because I had to keep reading to get answers!  This book was so well written, filled with intrigue and suspense at it's best.  I was fascinated with this story and cannot describe how much I loved it! THIS is a great book!  Starts with the girl on the train, Rachel, who leads a lonely life, divorced from her ex husband Tom and the depression that follows with her being an alcoholic.  She rides the train daily and passes her old house, the house that she shared with her ex husband, and who he now shares with his new wife, Anna and their baby.  The train always stops in front of a house a few doors down from her old house and she always sees a woman on the terrace.  A woman she becomes quite curious of.  She imagines her life as glamorous and gives her and her husband made up names and lives/professions.  She looks for them every day as she passes on the train until that one day when she sees something.......
The first half of The Girl on the Train was great. The characters were believable and their intersecting narratives helped to drive the novel forward. However, about half-way through the book, just about everything falls apart. The characters start engaging in activities that are contrived and clearly not believable.  (Is it even remotely believable that the main character would have sex with one of the other main characters?  (Note: I'm being intentionally cryptic to avoid spoilers)).  At that point, the narrative becomes strained and intentionally drawn out.  Finally, it is a well-known device of poorly written mysteries for the killer to "tell all" near the end of the novel.  The best mysteries lay out all of the pieces of evidence as they proceed and there's no need for the killer to engage in revelations at the end of the book because everything has already been laid out.  I raced through the last third of this book simply because I wanted to be finished and move on to something more rewarding.
Just ok. Makes me remember why I stick to non-fiction. Predictable unfolding and ending as if author already searching for a Hollywood script.
I reluctantly give this book 1 star. Maybe 1.5 stars.  I suppose the author did a good job of developing the characters since I know them well enough to deduce that I hate every last person in this book.  I hate Rachel, I hate Megan, I hate Anna, I hate Tom, I hate the therapist, I hate the roomate and I hate Scott just a bit less than the others. I struggled to finish this book.  Rachel is the ex-wife of Scott. Scott cheated on her with Anna who is now his wife.  They have a child which Rachel was never able to produce.  Scott and Anna are neighbors with Tom and Megan.  Rachel is a sad sack of an alchoholic who sees Scott and Anna each day on their back deck from her seat on the train.  Rachel also routinely intrudes on the life of her ex Tom and his new wife Anna.  She covets the lives of both couples.  The story is narrated from the viewpoint of each of the women, except you can't believe anything they say because is skewed to their own selfish viewpoint. I will stop here and not provide any spoilers.
Ms Hawkins has a problem here, but one that the publishers are happy to exploit - Gone Girl.<br/><br/>There were always going to be comparisons, but the marketing opportunity was enormous, and it was taken advantage of. In fact, one has to wonder, "What was the original title of the manuscript?"<br/><br/>Standing on its own feet, it's not a bad read. Not the page turner various reviews had me expecting, it plodded along in sections, and wasn't helped by the stilted writing. Trains trundle more than once, sunlight is burnished, knuckles white on wheels... we've all read it more than once.  Given the structure, more adept character development was called for, along with stronger, more distinct voices. It was difficult to invest too much in the main character, and the men came across more as projections than flesh and blood.<br/><br/>Having said all that, it would make for a decent read on the train to and from work.<br/><br/>Probably safer than looking out the window, in Ms Hawkins' world.
This book really annoyed me, yet I couldn't stop reading it. The suspense is what kept me going but I really didn't like any of the characters. It's written from the perspectives of Rachel, Megan and Anna and most of it is Rachel, "the girl on the train". Rachel is a drunk and I've never dealt with drunk people in real life but just reading about her drunkenness and blackouts exhausted me. This taught me to never read another book if drinking plays any part of the story. When I read mysteries I like to guess all along and try and put the clues together. The problem with this story (without giving things away) is that, the end is not what you expect, simply because the author didn't want you guessing, therefore, the storyline of certain characters completely changes to make sense of it all... When all along, that's not what you were told. I gave the book 4 stars just because it kept me interested, which is hard to do if I don't like ANY of the characters.... I finished the book feeling irritated.
The good:<br/><br/>This book was fun and kept me interested throughout. It's a short, easy read and enjoyable if you don't think about it too hard. I've read way worse.<br/><br/>The bad:<br/><br/>1. The comparisons to "Gone Girl" are very accurate. I'd call it Gone Girl Light.<br/><br/>2. As many have mentioned, there are no likable characters. The main character in particular is just annoying. She's an unattractive, alcoholic stalker who makes terrible decisions.<br/>Some may say characters don't have to be likable to make a good story. Like Hannibal Lector for example. True, but they have to be interesting and/or somewhat sympathetic. Rachel Watson is not. I just wanted her to go away.<br/><br/>3. The big mystery/whodunit can easily be figured out halfway through by anyone who's ever read a book. Who do you not expect? Yep, that's the answer.<br/><br/>Overall, it was good enough but not something I'd go out of my way to recommend. I'm not sure why it's a best seller to be honest.
Had to finish this because our Book Club was reading it.  I found it tedious, drawn out, boring.  The self-centered characters were annoying.
Reading this book proved one thing to me: I am a lemming. I followed the herd over the bestseller cliff and read this drivel. It is horrible.
It is difficult for me to understand the positive reviews this book received.  It was disappointing and the plot and characters were shallow.
Great book. Love how it was written with different vantage points of the characters. Such a page turner with some twists I didn't anticipate!
Lot's of hype and recommendations for this book.  Got it.  Didn't really like.  Painfully slow.  Not gonna buy another one of these.  Boring.
I didn't like it. I'm not sure why I plodded through to the end because I certainly didn't care for the characters. Save your time and money.
I liked the set up a lot. The middle portion kept my interest and I was expecting a twist and then a final twist. Was underwhelmed by the end
This would easily have gotten five stars from me--great writing, and I really loved how Hawkins uses an unreliable and even unlikable narrator (all of the narrators are unreliable actually) and teases out more and more info as we read, so that the story peels like an onion as we go. As many readers have said, at a certain point the tension and suspense are at such a clip that you can't stop turning pages.<br/><br/>But the end--much as I LOVED that I didn't see the main plot twist coming--was less compelling and real to me than the rest. It was exciting, yes, but it felt like a big Hollywood showdown ending tacked onto what had been a very honest book, and while I couldn't predict anything about the plot as I read most of the book, by the end events felt rote to me. Still good, still a satisfying ending, but the rest was so exquisite I hoped for more. But I'll be reading more of her work--Hawkins does a LOT while seemingly telling a straightforward story, a very deep pool under its placid surface.
Jealousy, self doubt, and mystery.  Gives real insight to relationships, while solving a murder mystery.  Not your average predictable story
The beginning was boring,the middle was boring,and the end was …… you get the idea.Wish I'd never invested my time and 2 bucks on this book.
Didnt really live up to the hype for me. It had some surprising twists but when it came to the end, I was very disappointed and unsatisfied.
All the people in this story are idiots, but particularly Rachel. Wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.  Sorry I wasted my money and time.
If my book club had not selected this book, I would have stopped reading it after three chapters.  I would not recommend the book to anyone.
Quite a gripping little tale, I got frustrated with the main female character and her weaknesses but I guess that's what makes a good story.
The Girl on the Train is an easy, interest inspiring story. The further you read, the less able you are to put it down.  What a page turner!
A sad joke concerning those who are substance abusers asks "How can you tell an addict is lying?" Answer: "His/her lips are moving." Really not funny, but it supports a basic tenet of this book: every character is a liar. Most of the story is told from the point of view of a severe alcoholic, who looks into the homes of people whose houses are near the railroad tracks of the train she is on. She invents stories about their lives in between her drunken stupors. One day a murder occurs involving one of the people she watches; she decides to try to solve the murder on her own after lying to the police, making up her own story of what she believes happens. No spoiler alert here about what happens and who's involved. Suffice to say, the title of the book is a bit misleading: when I saw "girl", I thought the book would feature a young girl and her adventures on a train as it crosses the English countryside. Reading about a whino whose husband dumped her is not my cup of tea.
I read reviews about how good a book this was; otherwise, I would never have bought it.  The reviews, however, are hyped, overstated in terms of the "suspense" and "leaving you guessing at every moment."  That is why I gave this book 4 stars, along with the complexity of the novel.  I read the entire thing in two sittings over 8 hours last Friday, but I had to keep reading to keep all the stuff straight--who was doing what, etc.  I almost had to draw a picture to keep track of what was going on.  The book is told from the perspectives of three women:  Rachel, Megan, and Anna.  So you always had to keep in mind what perspective you were reading.  Then whoever was telling the story, was dated and timed, like August  5, 2013, early morning, mid morning, evening, etc.  And then the next section might be July 5, 2013, so you had to think, "Oh, yeah, this is one month before the last section, but now it is from a different woman's perspective."  See how confusing this gets?
I'm giving The Girl on the Train 5 stars because I loved the way the book was set up - alternating first persons and alternating timelines, and thought the author really captured the complexities of the characters, as well as gave us a real portrayal of damaged women. So much so that it was depressing to read, especially reading the story from the point-of-view of Rachel, an alcoholic who continued to make poor choices. While reading the first chapter I didn't want to continue. I'm glad the POV was split between three characters, because if it had just been Rachel's narration I would have had to stop reading, the reality of her life that depressing and painful. But, I'm glad I continued on, because after a few chapters of Rachel's narration the plot really started to hook me in. My only wish being that the first few Rachel chapters had been cut in length. They were just too long to take from the POV of such a depressing character. I'm glad I read the book and would definitely recommend it.
I'm not one to post warnings for books and usually think people old enough to buy adult fiction should be capable of separating fact and fantasy, but this book- wow.. The hype about this novel is everywhere and so many reviewers rave about it,  so- to be honest- I purchased it without really knowing much more than it was about a missing woman, told through the narrative of a woman on the train. This is entirely my responsibility, but this book is hard to read.<br/><br/>It is a page turner, to be sure.  I read it over the course of a few days, staying up far later than I should have, and sneaking pages wherever I could. I didn't particularly like it though- there are no sympathetic characters, and I felt vaguely sick each time I read.  I should've seen where it was going before I did.  I guessed early on who the "bad-guy" was, but didn't anticipate the level of psychologically terrifying domestic abuse and gas-lighting the author has the men in this novel heap on the 3 female narrators.
I had to force myself through this book - the writing is simplistic and downright terrible.  I really don't get why people like it so much.
Don't know how this book was on best seller list. Like reading a personal journal. Not a suspense  would not recommend. Too many good books
How dare you rate this as among "best books of 2015"?  Weak story, weak characters. You need to take more responsibility as Amazon.
It was well written and I  could picture everything...but was depressing for me to read about people in such sad and drastic circumstances.
A very boring book.  It got rather tedious reading the "diary-like" writing.<br/>Not impressed.  Stopped reading half way through.
This was a very cleverly written mystery that kept me guessing until the very end. The characters were well developed and quite believable.
Exhilarating, page turning. Delightful read. I couldn't wait to read the next page. Paula Hawkins has a gift to keep the reader interested.
Starts slow.but picks up. Great ending.unexpected. love the way the author takes each character separately in their own dialogue. Awesome.
Many people said it was similar to the book "Gone Girl" and I can see why one would think that. I stayed interested until the end.
Thought it was a true understanding of alcoholism.  So accurate as to detract, at least for me, from the story.  Perhaps it was the story.
3.5 stars kept you interested but once again a book where I disliked all the characters. Not sure why all books have such awful characters
This was a suspenseful book with a surprise ending. An excellent read, and the further you get into it, the harder it will be to put down!
Brilliant.  An intensely gripping novel of confusion, fear, guilt, and their manipulation.<br/><br/>I found it curious that it was not until I finished the book that I realized how small a world Hawkins gives us.  Really, we learn to know only 3 characters - Rachel, Megan, and Anna - from their first person accounts.  The two other primary characters - Tom and Scott - are revealed entirely from these three women's stories. All the other characters are, essentially, backdrops: Rachel's housemate/landlady, Cathy is barely described; Cathy's boyfriend, Damien, is barely heard.  The closest thing to another major character is Dr. Abdic, but he is designed as a cipher.  Of course, there are the police investigators and referenced 'friends,'  but they are simply clever fillers.  Reading this book is akin to watching a one-set, 5 character play. And, by that, I mean an extraordinarily successful one.<br/><br/>Finally, it is always a pleasure to read a book by an accomplished writer.
I read this book in ONE weekend...and I have a toddler.  It is the definition of a page turner.  It is told from 3 sets of views.  Rachel is the main character.  She is a young woman living a life of lies.  Her alcoholism cost her marriage, job and dream life.  To keep up appearances, she rides the train to the job she no longer holds.  She takes this opportunity to watch the house her ex husband and new wife live in.  She also becomes obsessed with the neighbors, Jess, a few houses down.  She make believes a life for them and creates a story surrounding the beautiful woman and her husband.  Her obsessive nature leads to several run ins with her ex husband and his new wife and former mistress, Anna.  After an alcohol filled night she discovers Jess is missing and she has no  recollection of the night.  All she knows is that she was on that street and had an altercation with Anna.  It is a gripping page turner and about the time you think you have it figured out... guess again!
I have to admit that I hate books where the MC is a self loathing mess. While I have that out of the way, The Girl on the Train is an interesting read. She takes the story of a pathetic train rider, trying to hide the fact that she lost her job, and weaves it in with the stories of others living nearby. While there is a heroine of sorts, you can't help but shake your head at this collection of warped souls. No one is innocent and everyone has some sort of secret to hide. Although I suspect Paula Hawkins is being a little overly harsh on the human condition, but it is her book to write.<br/><br/>It does get a little confusing in some dialogue points where I lost track of who was saying what to whom, but those points were few and far between. The flow was steady and the characters were sufficiently well developed that you felt for them and loathed them at the same time.<br/><br/>Overall, a good book. I liked reading it and ultimately felt like it was worth my time and money.
I loved  this book I read it twice which I have never done before. if you were a heavy drinker or if you knew one in your life you will relate to Rachel, who is the main character in this book. the beginning was hard to follow for me. the book is told in three characters Rachel, megan, and anna. who by the way are all connected in  some way which you find out as you get to know these people. Rachel gives a lot of misinformation thru out the book aka blackouts dreams ect. related to her being an alcoholic which adds a Hitchcock feel to this story. it is a mystery novel . the book is slow in the beginning till you get to know who megan and anna  are, but hold on the book takes off like a running train lots of twists in this. Rachel was awesome throughout the whole book and the ending is awesome  I can't get Rachel out of my head!!! without giving anything away you will have a different perspective for Rachel and be amazed of what she can do in a crisis.  I hope there is sequel
I loved this book, but in an odd way it also annoyed me. Let me try to explain.<br/><br/>As someone who has had experience with alcoholics in the past, I found the portrayal of alcoholism to be hardly believable. Although this sort of experience may be the case for some, it made me have a much more difficult time relating to the character. I feel like I would have enjoyed it even more had there been less of an emphasis on her drinking - but that is of course a choice that the author made and it certainly didn't ruin the book for me.<br/><br/>Other than this, I found this to be one of the best books I have read in a while. I read it over the course of a weekend and when I finished I had that post-great-book anxiety that I wouldn't enjoy the next book that I picked up because I enjoyed this one so much.<br/><br/>If you want a book that's easy to read, full of surprises, and that you know everyone will be talking about for the next year: read this. I highly recommend it.
I had a tough time with this book. put it down not interesting enough.. I did finish it  and wish I had done something else with my time.
The author kept me guessing until the end. I really enjoyed this read. Very similar style to Gone Girl for readers who enjoyed that book.
One of the most boring books I have ever tried to read. I tried to plow through it since I spent money on it, but I finally just gave up.
Interesting take on the people you see every day, and the secret lives they go home to.  Definitely shades of Hitchcock, would recommend.
Couldn't get through it. Had to quit around p 80. And I almost never quit. Can't think of another 25 words to meet your minimum.
full review on: https://shesreading.wordpress.com<br/><br/>HOLY CRAP, THIS WAS SOOO GOOD GUYS.<br/>I thought the beginning was a tad bit slow just because not much was happening plotwise. But then I didn’t even noticed how much I didn’t want to put this book down until I HAD TO (damn you, work).<br/>I was expecting something much different than what the book actually delivered. Every review said it was almost exactly like Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn, which I loved but I didn’t want to read a copycat book, you know?<br/>I thought the multiple-person narrative worked excellently for this book. I thought I would get confused, but it easy to notice a difference in the voices. And even if I was confused, having the narrators name at the top of every page in the chapter would’ve helped quite a bit. Also having the dates at the beginning of the chapter helped establish a solid timeline of events – I felt a bit like a detective double checking the time and dates while reading.
A soap opera with a thoroughly unlikable set of characters.  Remember the old 70's movie titled 'Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice'?  Well, this book could just have well have been titled 'Tom and Rachel and Scott and Megan and Kamal and Anna'.<br/><br/>I assume females like this book because the central character - Rachel - is riddled with fears and doubts and her life has fallen apart and she's struggling to put the pieces back together.  From my (male) POV, however, boy, is she one whiny, needy, insecure, bitch.<br/><br/>The central story of a girl on a train who sees something "wrong" on the terrace of a passing suburban home is actually a pretty good hook.  And the author does a good job of keeping the reader guessing about what is "wrong" until the very end.  There are a decent number of twists and turns that drive the central plot forward.<br/><br/>But, boy, the people in the story are a mess and that detracts from the enjoyment of the story.
A murder mystery with twists and turns reminiscent of Gone Girl.  Rachel, an unemployed, alcoholic divorced woman, rides the train pretending to go to work every day in order to keep her unemployment a secret from her landlord / roommate.  Every day the train stops at a signal, where Rachel people watches and makes up imaginary scenarios for a couple that lives in a home across the tracks.  One day Rachel sees something shocking and decides that what she has seen will help solve the disappearance / murder mystery of the woman she has been watching from the train.  The police, understandably, do not find Rachel a credible witness.  She becomes increasingly, obsessively involved in this mystery.  Told through the voices of the different characters in the story, jumping back and forth in time, this story is engaging and well written.  I enjoyed it very much.  The reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because I figured out the end of the mystery about 3/4 into the book.
Goodness, do I ever love an unreliable narrator, and this novel has the most unreliable of narrators in the history of unreliable narration. It’s great!<br/><br/>This book is dark and edgy and left me feeling kind of squicky when it was all said and done, but in the best possible way.<br/><br/>Rachel isn’t the most likable of characters and we’ve already discussed the fact that her narration is unreliable, but she’s so damned interesting. Alcoholism aside, she’s wounded and confused and you get the impression that she thinks she’s doing the right thing, although it’s really just covering up the fact that she’s lost and wandering around in her own life and just ends up causing more harm than good.<br/><br/>These characters are difficult to root for and are flawed in the most impressive ways, yet you cannot help but delve into their psyches and revel in every sordid mistake.<br/><br/>This book is a spooky, atmospheric page-turner and I loved every minute of it.
There was not a single character I cared for. I did read it all in hopes of it getting better. It didn't happen.<br/>I found it boring.
No spoilers. Interesting read, goes pretty quickly. I'm surprised at the number of people that recommended this book. Not my cup of tea.
I listened to this book on Audible for a very long road trip.  It is an amazing story!  I HIGHLY recommend reading this fantastic novel!
Great book that I had trouble putting down.  It reminds me of Gone Girl but way better.  The author did a great job keeping me guessing.
Very confusing and hard to distinguish which characters are telling what story.  I didn't like it all.  Couldn't even finish reading it.
A very forgettable read. So many twists that the twists become predictable and boring. Overall, very disappointing. Would not recommend.
Quick read & Well written. Good story, that is not completely predictable. Would recommend. Look forward to more stories from P. Hawkins
Really enjoyed this book.....and all the characters...read it in 2 days during snow storm....then I wished I had not read it so quickly!
Excellent thriller with different characters' perspectives -- all of whom are not very likable, which makes the mystery very compelling.
The Girl On The Train is a well-crafted, suspense novel told from the perspective of three very different women.  It is full of plot twists and turns and unpredictable until the very end.  Although the storyline is quite depressing, the well-developed characterizations of Rachel, Megan and Anna are realistic enough to elicit sympathy and caring concern.  The women are all flawed, as are the male characters, who are all damaged in one way or another.  The underlying theme seems to be:  "Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive."  Our view of life can often be deceptive, since things aren't always what they appear to be, as Rachel eventually learns from her view on the train.  The final resolution  and conclusion were well thought out and perfect!  Paula Hawkins is an excellent writer with considerable insight into the psychological, narcissistic workings of the human mind.  Her debut novel is riveting, memorable and not to be missed.
What’s with all of these novels lately featuring messed-up main characters? I know there actually are people like this in real life, but I read to escape from real life, not to wallow in it.<br/><br/>Anyway, this book is being touted as the new “Gone Girl.” It’s similar to that book in that it includes unreliable narrators.  However, “Girl On The Train” is much better written, in my opinion. Unlike most murder mysteries, where I usually know who the culprit is pretty early on in the story, this novel kept me guessing to the end. That’s probably because it gives us not one, but three unreliable (and unsympathetic) female narrators: an alcoholic, an unfaithful wife, and a second wife who used to be The Other Woman.<br/><br/>It’s a gripping psychological study into disturbed personalities and a good murder mystery, but ultimately depressing. So it’s one of those books that’s worth reading once but that I’ll probably never read again – just like “Gone Girl.”
A wandering bunch of words with no contininuity. For all the hype this book has gotten it was the bigest disappointment of the year!!!!
I think  the winter was not a good time for me  to read a book of this nature. Not a relaxing read. Almost too many complex characters.
It did maintain my interest. However, I found the main characters to be pretty despicable. it is hard to say that it was worth reading.
This is one of the best books that I have read thus far this year.  The style is similar to Gone Girl, but the story is very different.
Wow loved this book. Awesome characters and lots of plots twists. I did not expect that ending. Read it you will not be disappointed!!!
The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins is one dark, disturbing book, yet one that keeps you engaged from start to finish! Sometimes it's hard to write a review without giving away spoilers and this is one of those times. The story gives insights into the lives of 2 couples and the ex-wife of one of the men with chapters being told in a revolving way by each of them. To say that these are genuinely messed up people is an understatement! All of these people are or become overly involved with each other and you can't trust a one of them. An alcoholic who can't let go of the past and constantly burrows her way into places she is not wanted and shouldn't be, a master at lying, cheaters, violent abusers, murderers; who would you pick as your favorite character?<br/><br/>It is a dark, but fascinating ride, with twists and turns galore; proof that none of us knows what goes on in anyone else's life and perhaps it is best to mind our own business! A quite good read!
This is the first time, in a very long time, I picked up a mystery book. I’ve had this book on hold at the library and it finally was available so I decided to read it last weekend. I read a part of it at the beach (which was probably a bad idea because it definitely wasn’t a good beach read). Overall, the plot was kind of drawn out for me. I was just kind of “okay” with everything. Nothing about it was super thrilling or exciting. I didn’t find myself getting drawn into the plot or the characters — it just didn’t interest me as much as I wished.<br/>Overall, I thought it was an okay read, but I’m glad I borrowed it from the library because I don’t plan on purchasing it. It is kind of an expensive buy as well. Therefore, I would only recommend you to get this book if you are really drawn by the plot. If you wanted to give it a try, I would suggest just borrowing a copy from your library!<br/><br/>Full review posted on http://myriadinklings.wordpress.com
I have to say this is the best book I have read in a LONG time! I bought this to read on a short girlie breakaway and read it within two days. I was so disappointed as I had to then find another book, which I still haven't finished as it is nothing like this book and I now want another read THIS GOOD! My friend then read this on our breakaway too as her book wasn't great. She read it in two days also.<br/><br/>As lots of reviewers have described the characters and plotline previously I will not go in to it. BUT what I will say is I really cannot wait for Paula Hawkins' next book. I can't understand how anyone could be disappointed with this book, different strokes and all that I suppose! My only gripe might be that the end was a little dragged out after the 'reveal' but that is nitpicking - I did not want the book to end.<br/><br/>Excellent read and great for lying by the pool (be prepared to finish it in a day or two though, one serious page turner!)
Set in present day, this narrative work takes a page from the much read "Gone Girl" in the flip-flopping of narratives from the book's three main characters. You are first introduced to Rachel, a divorced alcoholic living each day trying to forget her past. Anna, the new wife trying to make due stepping into the house and life of her husband's first wife. And Megan, the picture perfect wife with her picture perfect husband who goes missing. Slow to start and hard to identify with the main charecters for the first half of the book. (I almost gave up and googled the ending, but I stuck with it.) Once you pass the halfway point in the book it starts to pick up speed and you eventually find redeeming qualities in each of the main characters.<br/><br/>Twists and turns abound and you cannot help but to think everyone guilty at some point in the novel. This would be a great book to read while traveling, on vacation, or just when you need a distraction.
The writer has infused life into the most wretched of characters. The ugliness, the mediocrity of everyday lives becomes interesting. There is no glamour, no great beauty, no riches, no great philosophy revealed, or perfect and passionate love obtained. The author reveals that humanity in its rawest form, at its humblest moments has a story worth telling. In our every day lives the stories are not revealed, even when we play a part in them, we don't always  understand the story or our roles within it.  The author helps us to step back and view the lives of these characters, understanding their stories and leaving us with the desire to examine our own stories and the characters in them a little more closely. This book is a good read. Like a train trip, it is a pleasant and strangely comforting ride. The epiphany is not actually arriving at the destination but is broken up into tiny bits, distributed in observations and insights discovered during the ride.
I found this to be a solid, enjoyable thriller. The story is told in the first person by the three female protagonists. One of the threads is deferred significantly in time. This structure works quite well to produce the suspense on which the success of this type of narrative depends. It perhaps falters a little however in its depiction of the male characters. We see then through the women’s eyes but really don’t get enough food for thought about them to enable us to make an educated guess about their role in the novel’s key event. It terms of style, it has its moments, not least the following keen observation about the British urban landscape:<br/>“a 1960s new town, spreading like a tumour over the heart of Buckinghamshire. No better or worse then a dozen other towns like it, a centre filled with cafes and mobile-phone shops and branches of JD Sports, surrounded by a band of suburbia and beyond the realm of the multiplex cinema and out-of-town Tesco”
The three main female characters were all equally too neurotic. No depth to the characters to distinguish one woman from another. One drank (too much for her to do the actions described in the book) - one haunted by a tragedy but was more interested in controlling men through sex and the other just wanted a house away from the trains. Really? The men - both violent. These typical stereotypes of women and men bring the book down.<br/> And the red haired guy on the train- no development on him. He shows up - tells a version of the events and moves on. I would have like to learn more about the two detectives that did the investigation. They needed some personality/personal history not just facial expressions.<br/>The story line is very good. I finished the book because I wanted to see how it turned out. But reading the dialogue of those whiny women - was annoying and made the book less interesting. I did learn a few new British terms - thanks for that.
Utterly brilliant! I loved The Girl on the Train and the flawed characters within. Not knowing what to expect I was hooked by the premise of a woman on a commuter train seeing something peculiar at one of the houses she passes every day.<br/><br/>The story packs a bigger punch once the reader learns more about our commuter, her ex-husband and his new wife, and the couple she nicknames 'Jess' and 'Jason' (because she feels she knows them and their perfect lives given the daily glimpses she enjoys). Things are not as they seem and the tension grows as we learn more.<br/><br/>There is nothing to criticize in this rich debut by Ms. Hawkins. The story is taunt, believable (though a stretch at times) and gripping. The characters are troubled, each living with mistakes from the past, and making bad choices that impact others. A truly enjoyable escape read and I couldn't wait to see how it would wrap up. I was not disappointed. This is an exciting read.
finally gave in & bought this book because of the reviews & popularity. It certainly is a page turner but I felt uncomfortable & uneasy thru the whole book. I wanted to shout at Rachel aren't the words "no" or "appropriate" in your vocabulary? Anna was truly evil & Megan was somewhat of a loose cannon. The men were awful, how could 2 such alike persons live doors away from each other & be involved with the same 3 woman. The set up of the book, days divided into morning & evening was alright but in some cases the story went back in time & had me very confused.  I'm not sorry I read this book, it just left me with some morbid feelings. Not scared, just creepy-like every noise in the house made me jump. Would i recommend this book to anyone? If you enjoy reading & experiencing different scenarios go for it. But read it real fast, very easy to do, & have another book to delve into right away so those creepy feelings don't stay with you.
Depressing and predictable, lacked detailed plot, I would not recommend unless you have a few hours to read something easy on a plane
I gave this one star instead of none because I did finish it to the last page. It was poorly written and definitely not spellbinding.
Read this book to about half way and then gave up. Just sorry that I didn't read the reviews before parting with my hard earned cash.
One star. Very repetitive . Female characters so much alike I often forgot who was talking.  I did finish but it was a waste of time.
Excellent book. I never saw the ending coming. Lots of twists and it is brilliant how she tied everything up and together in the end.
Hard to get by the "girl's" whining.  The story is ok but if she were a bit more of a real heroine it would have been better.
I really liked this book. It keeps you wanting to read more;even though it goes from one person to another; and one day to another.
Too dark and depressing. Did not finish-<br/>Thought it wud be a great mystery based on reviews however it's darkness was too much
What else can I say than that I finished it in one day. Couldn't put it down, literally. One of the best books I've read this year.
writer is deft but plot is implausible and most uninteresting. i felt i had wasted my time and gave up before the last few chapters
I loved this book from the very first page! It will leave you wanting to read more and you won't be able to stop! 5 stars for sure!
This book kept me guessing and I enjoyed the way it was written, from the perspective of different characters involved in the plot.
I FOUND THIS BOOK RATHER BORING. IT WENT ON AND ON. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT WAS SO SLOW GETTING TO THE POINT. I AM SORRY I PURCHASED IT.
I was in the minority among my friends who have read this book. I didn't love it. The characters seemed flat to me and I thought the ending was far fetched and unrealistic.<br/><br/>I did love reading about the train rides and all that the main character observed. It was a great story idea and the first quarter of the book really sucked me in. I also enjoyed some of the insights the author slipped into the book. For example she told us a theory about heavy drinkers. I learned that it may be alcoholics who don't remember what happened the night before didn't actually forget what happened, rather they were so inebriated they were unable to for the memory in the first place. That interesting little tid-bit really stuck with me.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to thriller fans. Otherwise, I would say, it wasn't for me, but you may like it since so many other people did.<br/>written by Holly Kammier, author of Kingston Court
A very tense read I found it hard to put down. It kept one guessing from the first page to the last. One terrific book. I
I did not like this book.  As much as I wanted to because of the reviews on this book.  I had the book figured out pretty early and it did not leave for the surprise that other people may get.  The book is told from three characters views.  The ex-wife, Rachel, is a drunk.  The amount of alcohol involved in this just drove me crazy.  It seemed like the book talked more about how much the characters were drinking instead of telling a story.  The current wife, Anna, just annoyed me.  Her character was not developed very well at all and she just seemed very lacking.  It could be because I do not like people like her character.  The third character, the victim Megan, was the only character I felt had something to say in the book.  She was the only one who had a couple of surprises.  I could see how so many people liked this book, but it wasn't for me and I am glad I waited for the ebook to come into the library instead of buying it.
Pure drivel.  Not sure how this became a bestseller.  The most positive thing I can say is that it'll surely be made into a movie.
This book was very confusing, not an enjoyable " summer read". If you choose to peruse this- you need to take notes along the way.
I read in two days. I could not put it down. Very interesting story,  I loved it, I haven't read a book this good for a long time.
This psychological thriller has mostly all characters who need to see a psychologist. Rachel is an alcoholic who has black outs and may have witnessed a murder. She rides the train daily into London so she can pretend she is still working even though she was fired months ago. On these daily train rides as the train slows down, she looks in at her old street where she lived with her husband before he had an affair and divorced her. It's been 4 years an she had not moved on and in fact she has spiralled deeper into alcoholism and depression. I didn't want to like this woman but I did and I did feel like I understood how she got to such bad state. This book was definitely a page turner with many false clues making the reader believe that every one committed the murder of the other nutcase Megan. I enjoyed it very much and was surprised by the ending. It's a book that was written to be made into film. Can't wait to see the movie.
I finished this book in one sitting – and felt relieved when I got to the end.<br/><br/>It started out a bit slow.  But, this I think, only adds up in relaying how confused and muddled  the main character’s state of mind was.  Rachel is an alcoholic, divorced and was shown as someone who still needs to rebuild the pieces of her life together.  Her insecurities and inner turmoil, both when she was alone and when she was surrounded by other passengers in the train, were described emphatically by Hawkins.  I felt I was sitting across from her on the train and was looking directly into her disoriented eyes.<br/><br/>The disappearance of Jess/Megan started the unraveling of the book’s twist and turns.  Told from three women’s point of view, it untangles satisfyingly at the end.<br/><br/>Some readers might say the book is predictable, but I was so glued into Rachel’s confused sentiments that I was left guessing until the end.
What I loved about the book was the concept. How many times have you driven past the same houses, same people, and imagined what their lives would be like? The story begins as a daily commuter, Rachael, who struggles with alcoholism, watches a loving couple from the train...(Jess and Jessie) she's chosen them, their house, because it is directly down the street from her ex-husband and his new wife - the woman he left her for....The storyteller has created quite a loving life for this mystery couple; an artist and a doctor!! Then one day, from her seat on the train, Rachel  witnesses what she believes to be adultery...Cursed with drunken blackout's, curiosity and just bad luck, Rachel awakes one morning, covered in blood, wounds on her body, with no recollection of how she got in this predicament...Rachel finds herself in the middle of a murder investigation...and possibly intimate with the murderer. Interesting, quick read.
Not my usual genre (I am a historical fiction, nonfiction, period piece kind of gal) and I normally shy away from best sellers. Read only because a coworker said it was better than "Gone Girl" (which I did not care for at all) and my mom kept asking if I knew what all the hubbub was about this book. A few pages into it I was totally hooked and couldn't put it down (laundry didn't get done and the b.f barely got supper). I HAD to find out whodunit. A little predictable (I figured it out about halfway through) but still an engaging read through to the end. Definitely had a Hitchcock vibe and would make a great movie! My mom, also an avid reader, was a little more lukewarm about it. She thought it was okay, but definitely not her style (she is a romance/historical fiction/Nora Roberts fan). We both were entertained and decided in the end it was money well spent (but then when is money spent on a book not well spent).
This is a book i can see becoming a made for TV movie one of these days starring Tori Spelling.  It reads just like a movie, building suspense the entire book until you finally found out who the killer was at the very end, with a nice unexpected twist.  You spend the entire book thinking that every character could've done it.  The book is a pretty fast read once you get into it, which is nice, if you are looking for that.  What bothered me was the main character, i did not find her likable and most of the time pretty downright annoying.  I wanted to shout at her "get your s**t together!!".<br/>Overall it's an entertaining book, my book club gave it mixed reviews, so i wouldn't necessarily tell anyone not to read it, i'm just not going to rave about it.  If you like a good "who done it?" type book that is a fast read, then this one could be for you.  I love a good murder mystery, but i need a little more.
I loved this book! My biggest down fall with reading is that I get bored quick, if the book doesn't catch my attention in the first few chapters I put it down (I know, I know.. sorry Stephen King...back to the dusty shelf with you. lol) but this sucked me in and didn't let go. I found myself waking up before my alarm and sitting in bed reading, before I even made coffee. I read it every spare moment I had and finished it in 3 days. But be prepared this book is cruel, dark, and sometimes hard to read. The author does not busy the reader with lavish sex scenes, a detailed description of the character's outfits, or what they ate that day. The author sticks to the story and spends her time developing the twists & turns. I had a book hangover after I read this because I had a high from flying through it so quickly and wanting to know what happed, that as soon as I read the last page and closed the book, I was sad it was over.
I saw a brief review of this book somewhere and read a free chapter - and was hooked.  The train rides and house-peeping were filled with mystery and imagination.  Rachel fantasizes about the people she sees and then - as she bottoms out - drinking alcohol, losing her husband, losing her job, she is thrust into the reality of those she has been watching.  The descriptions of her late night walks, her black-outs, her pleas for help - meander down dark paths and emerge in an unanticipated place.  The beginning of the book made me think of Hitchcock - but then it took some unexpected turns.  I'm not entirely sure how I feel about the ending - having just finished it at 3:00 in the morning - not being able to put it down when I should have been sleeping.  The morning alarm sounds in 2 hours. Perhaps I'll have come to terms with it by then.  Worth the read!
The story is about a woman who lets her imagination make up a life for people she passes each day on the train as she commutes into the city. Then one day she sees something out of the ordinary and decides to start her own investigation after reading that the woman she has seen every day from the train has gone missing. Despite her good intentions, no one believes her or takes her seriously due to her problems with alcohol and her obsessive behavior related to her former husband and his new wife and child. The story has several twists and turns and I had a hard time getting into it. About midway I started to enjoy the story and look forward to getting back to it. For me, the problem was that I really did not like any of the characters so I found it hard to care about them. All in all it turned into a good, unique, story and I would certainly recommend it to others and I will look for future novels from this author.
The only reason I'm reading this is for my book club.  I do not plan to finish this book.  I would never recommend it to anyone.
Loved it, couldn't put the book down. Felt like I was there riding the train with Rachel, and feeling everything she was feeling
I don't know how this thing got on the best seller list.  It was awful.  Good thing I got it from the library and didn't buy it!
Boring. I understand any story needs some setup but the story never started. I lost interest  and didn't even finish reading it.
This is a good read. It's interesting and there are some unexpected plot twists. Overall, great summer read and worth the money!
I enjoyed it somewhat but it wasn't as great as I had expected something that was #1 on Best Seller List for several weeks to be
Took awhile to unfold and develop characters but eventually congell together of the unknown killer. View from the train revealed
I liked the combination of character views throughout the book. I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good mystery.
The reviews were so good but this book reminded me of a slow Lifetime movie, and I usually like Lifetime movies. It was just ok.
This is a book review, not a summary, so I won't simply regurgitate the story here.<br/>I hadn't heard the comparisons between Girl on the Train and Gone Girl before I read this novel but I can see some resemblance: both have female leads and both have great plot twists. Other than that, they're completely different. I liked the perspective of seeing things from inside a train and how that narrow focus gradually widened until we could see the whole picture. There were a few obvious red herrings but the suspense was maintained throughout. Also, I think the author nailed the behavior of an alcoholic as well as how such behavior has a ripple effect on everyone else. However, the overall character development -- so important for a good story -- was a little thin (I never got a solid mental picture of anyone), but the pacing was fantastic and the plot twists were well done so that's why I gave it four stars.
Book #16 Read in 2015<br/>The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins<br/><br/>People have been comparing this book to Gone Girl and that comparison is pretty spot on as this thriller has not-so-likable characters and a plot that will keep you reading and unable to put the book down.  Rachel has lost her job due to her drinking problem but in order to not have her roommate find out, she continues her daily train commute.  This ride has her passing her old house, where her ex-husband now lives with his new wife and baby daughter, and a house nearby where a young couple lives.  Rachel invents names and a storyline for this couple and feels as if she knows them.  The wife then turns up missing and Rachel is drawn into trying to find out what happened.  The plot has many twists and turns and will keep readers hooked from beginning to end.  I highly recommend it.<br/><br/>http://melissasbookpicks.blogspot.com
What a waste of time! If you hated Gone Girl for its blatant manipulation, you will feel similarly about this book.  If possible, it's worse.  The minute I read the comparisons, I should have known better.  Thin and unrealistic plot, no character development and a contrived narrative style, it has no "there" there.  None of the characters have any redeeming qualities that would make the reader care what happens.  I wanted to throttle Rachel if she apologized one more time for her drinking binges to the point of blacking out.  The author finally ran out of unpleasant coincidental encounters between the characters, so she had to trump up a particularly unrealistic and gruesome ending just to get the whole thing over with.  I felt like the author was writing solely with a movie deal in mind, which she apparently has accomplished.
I read this in two days. Simply couldn't put it down! Very well written from the first page. Rachel was an engrossing character. Damaged and broken and because of her unreliability in what was real or unreal, due to her drinking, she was the perfect character for this plot. This novel was so well written and took this reader along for an enjoyable ride with all the twists and turns.  The writing wasn't overly descriptive but certainly enough that I felt like "I" was sitting on that train right next to Rachel.<br/><br/>Personally, I thought it was way better than Gone Girl........I loved Gone Girl ALL the way through until the ending when I shook my head and said, what?! Not so with this story. Realistic and satisfying ending that doesn't leave the reader shaking their head in confusion. My only concern is now finding another book to keep me as engrossed as this one did. I highly recommend it!
Paula Hawkins tells a story that left me feeling that the situation is one in which I, and many women I know, could have found ourselves back when we were in our late 20's and early 30's.  It is an intriguing but very sad story that confirms how the choices we make can end up engulfing us and dragging down like quicksand.  We can make promises to change every morning when we wake up from a tough night, or when we find ourselves in a situation that we know is not where we should be.  Until we have the conviction to make the changes, we will continue the descent from which there might not be a return.  The main female characters all have character flaws from which they could have escaped with trust and determination.  They were not strong enough to do so.  This is a very sad, but quick and good read with a twist at the end that I did not see coming until it was upon me.  Great reading for vacation days!
Wow.  I was hooked from page one.  My favorite aspect of this book was Rachel's alcoholism.  As an alcoholic myself, I can say without a doubt this author knows of what she speaks.  I'd bet big she herself gave it up to write this delicious page turning novel.  Am so glad she did!  I was fascinated to learn that blackouts are actually not just forgetting everything or anything, rather, that the brain stops creating short term memories during inebriation.  Hence one only keeps reacting to the thing they think happened last.  They don't actually know what happened last, because the brain is not working as normal!  Sounds obvious but actually fresh information for this alchy.  Yes, the book, writing, pacing, plot, multiple narratives is as excellent as Gone Girl, but, for me, watching Rachel's alcoholism spiral around was spell binding.  Can't wait to read more from Hawkins!  Thank you Paula, Thank You!
Complete read in 3 days.  And I kept living my everyday abnormal life!!  Sometimes the hype of these best sellers does not meet great expectations, but be assured Hawkins novel is worth the time and price. Granted being on the colonist side of the pond you will need to expand your lexicon to include those of the esteemed Brits. No problem. It is set in another country and the culture is part of the plot (Be damned Harry Potter and the sellout that Americans would not take to "Philosopher"). There are similarities to "Gone Girl ". But the plot in no way is close  This is a psycho thriller. No reader can be sure which character is telling the truth in their version of events. Truth be told I love when an author challenges me to find the truth. Where does it lie? With you my dear reader to be frustrated with twists and satisfied with a denouement so often lacking in modern day thrillers.
Two things led me to pick this book to read. First one is the fact that this book belonged to psychological thriller genre and second is it being the top seller on Amazon for consistent weeks. However, after completing the book, I should say it was an above average read (falls short when compared to Gone Girl). The story as it progresses is quite intriguing and keeps the reader hooked, but as it nears the end, the story becomes a tad predictable. The story is centered around Rachel, the protagonist who is made to believe that she doesn't remember anything after black out, but one day she ends up being a witness to a murder when she is totally drunk. How she decides and interprets the events of that day forms the crux of the story. I definitely liked the way, the story is presented with careful juggling of the events from the past year and the present date. To summarize, I would say it is a good read.
Just when I thought I had it all figured it, I was shot down, and for me that makes for a fantastic read!  Rachel is a woman who takes the train to work day in and day out, her focus mostly honed in on the lives of one particular couple who live in a home in which the train passes daily. From the couple residing in that home, to the commuters riding the train along with her, Rachel is a people watcher. She's lost, a broken soul caught in her past.  As she became confused, I as well did with her, my mind flying in a million different directions with each rapidly paced word I read. This is a hard book to leave a review for, as there's too much to spoil if I go on any further. The only thing I can say is that it's a must read. A must read that will leave you shocked at the end, everything you thought this book was heading toward nothing close to what it really is! Suspense at its single, greatest peak!
I was very disappointed in this novel. It could have been a short story and might have had more impact. Don't waste your time.
Good, quick read.  I had figured out the ending beforehand, but I enjoyed reading the book.  The characters were well defined.
Loved this book! Suspenseful and a fast read!!  If you liked Gone Girl you'll love this book! Had a hard time putting it down!
I'm an avid reader but I found this book to be slow and difficult to follow. I should've known better  than to buy a thriller.
If you like a good psychological thriller, this is it. I couldnt put it down· The struggle now is to find a book just as good.
Amazingly well-written characters. In the end you like no one and suspect everyone. In the spirit of "Gone Girl," only better!
Interesting twists and even more interesting characters. This book is a good read and a bit of a thriller. Overall recommended
You'll need the day to read this story. After a long, slow start this morning I've finished the final chapter. It's that good.
I really enjoyed this....until the end. Most of the book was very exciting and suspenseful, with twists continuing to pop up making it challenging to predict what was coming. All of the characters are flawed, some extremely so, but (most) at least had their redeeming qualities, making them feel human and real. It's hard watching Rachel continue to make mistake after mistake, even when sober, but the unreliable narrator aspect made it all that more intriguing as the reader tries to sort through the various versions of the truth presented.<br/><br/>But the end. I just don't know. I figured out the ending about 2/3 through and I liked the story, but the way it was presented didn't ring true. There was too much explaining, the characters kept seem to switch sides (more so than just conflicting emotions), and certain aspects of the climax were confusing. maybe this would actually be better as a movie.
I admit, the title of this book interested me, but when people told me the story featured an unreliable narrator, I stayed away.  Books with unreliable narrators can be good, don't get me wrong, but there are so many bad ones that I'm leery of buying one and wasting my money and time.  This book finally won me over though, and I'm so glad I gave it a chance, because it really is a great book.<br/><br/>At first I was very confused, of course, given that the narrator's of the story don't know what's going on themselves, but I was also trying to read the book a chapter at a time over different days, and that doesn't help with the confusion.  This book is best read in one sitting, which suited me anyway because I found it almost impossible to put down.  There's violence, of course, and some of the characters are exasperating at times, but the book is so well written that it's definitely worth a read.
I suppose it is a matter of comprehension, but I found the 1st person narration from the perspective of 3 different women hard to follow.  All certainly came together as the story unfolded.  Each chapter was named after the character relating the story, but date subheadings in the chapters were important to the story line.  However, the date subheadings were not included in the Contents section, so it required concentration (and rechecking) to track timelines.<br/><br/>The story certainly holds your attention, but I could not identify with any of the principal characters.  Each of the three female characters were victims, but it was hard for me to characterize the "flaws" of Rachel and Anna as resulting from "the abuse" they suffered or whether they were due to their being "weak" people.  Maybe it doesn't matter, but I did not find the book to live up to its great reviews.
Thin, repetitive storyline. We've heard this plot before -- but never as poorly executed. The characters, dialogue and premise is a huge cliche. It's sort of like a British Desperate Housewives of classless losers on Blenheim Road -- except the TV show, Desperate Housewives, was inventive, clever and entertaining in its tongue-in-cheek comedy/drama/mystery. Here, everyone on Blenheim Road has a secret ugly scheme.The characters are one dimensional, boring and any reveals are trite and telegraphed long before you read them. Despite the fact that Rachel and Anna constantly and intensely clash throughout the entire book, here's a revelation that Rachel has in the last quarter of the book: "Something's not right and I can't shake the feeling that it has to with Anna."  Really? Ya think??<br/><br/> How did this book get so many thousands of 4 & 5-star reviews?? Something's not right -- for sure.
I think that another reviewer, A.  Grace  said it all, and much better than I can.<br/><br/>I was SO happy when I  finished this... - all the characters were so unlikeable, so dreary, that I wanted them out of my life and my home......franky I don't see what all the fuss is about, other than the author (with undoubtedly the help of some excellent editors) had so arranged the narrative that it was constantly changing dates and voices. I do not think that the three women sounded  very different in either their tone, or their characterization - I think the author failed in that respect.  And Oh! I was sooo-o tired of the main character's total failure as a person, and her drinking.....I think her character was wildly overdrawn and as a result lacked any  credibility.  Best seller?  Maybe .  But for me : meh.  This emperor has no clothes.
At first I thought, oh no, it's Gone Girl set outside of London. That comparison quickly faded as this book is actually better. The flawed main protagonist helps. Actually all the characters are flawed, rendering them both unreliable and sympathetic. This unreliability, drawn up through actual physical reasons for doubt to reasons of lies, emotional distance, and lack of information on a character serves as a constant feed for the tension and its consistent throughout all the diary-like entries.<br/>I generally dislike dates as chapter headings. It's just another thing to keep track of and my mind quickly reads over them (hence I forget them straight away) because I hurry right to the "juicy stuff." And this book has lots of juicy bits, but the dates ARE important and I made an effort to keep track.<br/>5 stars is not quite enough to give this book, I'd say 7-9 was closer out of an imaginary 10.
I listened to this as an audio book in the car on a long road trip with two teenage boys. It's a cleverly plotted Hitchcockian thriller. It's fast paced and well-written. So why only three stars? Because there are zero characters in this story that we cared about. Had I been reading this rather than listening to it stuck in a car, I'm pretty sure I would have thrown it down in irritation at the cast of whiny, self-pitying, self-absorbed characters who make bad decision after bad decision. Sure, stories about people who always make the right choice are boring, but this bunch couldn't make one right choice between them, and they knew it! They would even say stuff like "I know I shouldn't do this" and then do it anyway.<br/>The book does have its uses though: I'll suggest it as recommended reading for D.A.R.E. class. It did a great job of showing my boys how idiotic drinking can make you.
The novel is written with the interesting strategy of moving from the mind of one woman to another of the three whose lives are intertwined in unfortunate ways.  I was confused by that at first and couldn't get a sense of what was going on or how I was supposed to interpret this.  But in time, the connection of each to the others began to gel and then I was in.  The characters are interesting and dark in different ways and the actions of each has affected the lives of the other two in devastating ways although none of them knows the others very well.  The suspense grows toward the end as you begin to realize that you're finally going to find out just who did what and the climax was riveting.  I wouldn't have recommend it while reading the first several chapters but I hung with it and I'm glad I did.  Worth reading and the story continues to haunt me a little bit days later after finishing it.
I liked the idea of the book but not the complete execution.  It's difficult for the reader to really like or relate to any of the characters.  Although I did feel like the descriptions of Rachel's battle with alcohol to be sometimes somewhat compelling.  I really did feel her want/need for a drink.<br/><br/>The reader is trying to figure out 'who done it?' BUT the author did not really give us enough clues for us to have any idea what she had in mind. I partially understand that is because we are supposed to be seeing through the eyes of the various characters but I felt as if I wanted a little more depth and nuance that would clue us in (ever so slightly) as to what the endgame would be.  When things become apparent, I was surprised but didn't feel enough excitement for the 'AH-HA' moment.  I felt like I was kind of cheated by being completely blinded from all of what was really going on.
A short review: I had this on my Kindle and finally decided to read it since it's been on the Best Seller list for quite some time. I finished it, read every word, but ended up thinking I should have read a book that had some redeeming value. It wasn't bad, but so morose. After a while I was tired of hearing about Rachael and her blackouts, alcoholic bouts, and creepy stalking of her ex. At one point I think I actually said "MOVE ON". I figured out the perp about 7/8 of the way though but that was fine. It was just the constant slow paced dragging on of Rachael that made me give it less than a great score. No one was what they seemed, everyone seemed to have some horrible backstory. I was disappointed, but I'm not sure what I expected anyway. Yes, I can see some comparisons to Gone Girl, but that had way more twists. Both were really the most un uplifting stories I have read in years.
I love the way the truth unravels in this story about how lives are twisted together from separate threads. Loved the ending.
I enjoyed reading this story. It pulled me in, the characters are relatable and interesting.  A good little mystery to solve.
Was glad to get to the end of the book...the plot was good, but the continuous repeat of alcoholic binges got rather tedious.
So-so. I wished for more, better writing.  Yes I was caught up and confused only to be filled in, but it didn't do it for me.
Time just flew by reading this book. Well into the night before I looked up and made myself go to bed. Good, good story here.
As I was down with a cold and my bookclub picked this book, I began reading it with no expectations or foreknowledge. I finished it in one day. Bleh. Like Gone Girl it left me feeling sullied. It's one remotely acceptable quality is that it keeps you turning pages. If you want a page-turner that has you rolling in sinister characters' minds like a pig in dirt, no, like a vulture in decomposed remains, then go ahead, you'll probably enjoy it. The characters are cliches and we are thrust into their repetitive patterns over and over again. Watching four episodes of Bones back to back instead of this "fiction fries/junkburger" would have been culturally enriching by comparison, and certainly far more life-affirming.<br/><br/>I despise this trend of no-substance page turners that are becoming bestsellers. Perhaps we shouldn't read a book just because "oh yes, we've heard of it."
Good Writing, terrible people and just a modicum of mystery. I must say this flows quickly. The wafer thin characters, including the heroine mar the writing skills. The Hitchcockian reference as has been pointed out by many is totally misleading. Gone Girl, yes. Surprisingly I found this more enjoyable than Ms. Flynn's repetitive obscenities (although people appropriate). The first four letter word comes after a good deal of page turning.<br/>So why am I just giving it 3 stars?<br/>One, the mystery is thin. There is really no suspense to compel one to turn pages, we do, because of good prose.<br/>Two, the characters are heinous, without any redeemable features. Alcoholics can be good fodder for writers as well as psychopaths. But these people are totally depraved beyond every standard of modern family life.<br/>Not bad, though for an afternoon on the beach: hope the weather changes soon.
Loved it, a great read. A great suspenseful book! Lots of unexpected twists and turns! Be prepared for a binge.....
First of all, I really wish the comparisons of The Girl on the Train to Gone Girl would stop, as I actually thought this book was better. Other than being a psychological thriller, I didn't really see many similarities between the two. I agree with the statement in a review in The Guardian: "Hawkinsâ€™s Girl is a less flashy, but altogether more solid creation." I listened to the audio version of the book, and it definitely held my interest, however, I actually think I should have avoided reading most reviews, as some gave away too many plot details. The part of the story line that I most tired of was that of Rachel's drinking - I honestly just wanted to shake her at times and tell her to get on with her life! Obviously, her drinking was central to the plot though, so rather than saying more and risk giving anything away, I would recommend simply reading the book and avoiding reviews!
I had started to read Gone Girl, but, didn't finish it because I thought the characters were pathetic people. Which, by the way, takes very good writing. But, it didn't work for me. Partway through The Girl On The Train, I thought I had another Gone Girl on my hands. No way!! I could not stop reading this book. At first I thought Rachel was just a sad, pathetic person, but, as I read more I saw the depth to her character. There are plot twists and surprises I never saw coming. I was impressed with the book. I never read books that someone "recommends", whether that person is a friend, celebrity, or book critic. But, my daughter told me that she heard this was good, so, I gave it a try. By the way, my daughter has the audible version and it quite impressed with the work of the voice actors and the story itself. I totally loved this book. I would read something else by this author.
For a debut novel, you would never know this author had not written before. It is absolutely absorbing, I couldn't put it down.<br/>It starts with Rachel riding the train past the house she lived in with her ex who now lives there with his new wife. Also a couple of houses down she observes a loving couple and every day she looks up and watches as the train passes.<br/>She makes up names for the loving couple and wonders if she could ever have that kind of love again.<br/><br/>This story quickly twists and turns. It is not a romance. Rachel ends up far deeper in the lives of the people in both houses than you expect.<br/><br/>I found this book to be gripping and could not wait for the result. This book to me, is book shelf worthy, my only regret is that I purchased it on my kindle. I will watch for this author again. If she could come up with this, what else does she have to tell?
Loved this book!  I haven't really been able to get my teeth into any book for a long time but this one grabbed me from the outset.  I have to admit I did find it a bit depressing in spots especially with regard to Rachel and her drinking.  Being a child of an alcoholic made this difficult to read however, I did get a new perspective on the mind of an alcoholic so in that way it was healing.  Rachel is greatly flawed and you want to shake her at times but the story is truly fast paced and engulfing.  I saw many similarities to "Gone Girl" and kept telling my husband that this is sure to make an excellent movie down the road.  This is a thriller and it's captivating.  I highly recommend.
I do not understand the hype about this book, I just didn't like I t.  Oddly enough it is one of the few books I bot retail.
I found the book hard to read as it kept skipping back and forth. It was very dark and not much fun to read - too much work.
This fast paced book grabs you right from the beginning.  Suspenseful and exciting. It will have you guessing until the end.
I found this to be a very slow tedious read. So much so, that I moved the book from my device. I fo0und it to be quite dull.
Skip it<br/>Very slow read<br/>I didn't like any of the characters<br/>Kept waiting for it to get better and it never did
I haven't read a book this good in years!!! Wow!! Seriously, so good I'm thinking about reading it all over again tonight!!!
This book should have been called "Gone Girl on a Train" but, believe it or not, Gone Girl is better than this book.
Slow start.  Confusing intro to characters.  Basis for plot could have been so much better.  It was a drudge to get through.
Ridiculous story line.  You keep reading thinking it's going to improve but it doesn't.  Don't waste your money on this one.
Once you get into it you cant put it down but mostly because you want it to be over. Pretty predictable but fun nonetheless.
Nothing is as it seems.......twists and turns. Very well written. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.<br/>Give it a chance.
I might normally have given four stars, but with so many five-star reviews I want to balance it a little.  It's a pretty good book, it definitely pulls you in a keeps you reading.  But it doesn't really have that extra...something.  If you're a mystery/thriller fan you'll probably like it; I'm not really, I kind of only read particular ones.  I see a lot of comparisons to Gone Girl, and I can see some of that, but it's not quite executed as well - the reader learns things just before they're revealed explicitly (or at least I did), and there's not as much tension built up.<br/><br/>Without giving too much away, I can say that if you didn't like the ending of Gone Girl, you'll like this better.  I thought that was one of the best things about that book, and what made it so wonderfully terrible right to the end.  This one has a more conventional ending and it's rather unsatisfying.
I found it difficult to get into the book.  After reading the first fifty pages, I had a hard time picking it back up to read.<br/>I was on an airplane with time to kill which is why I finished the book.<br/><br/>The first half of the book rambled and was hard to relate to the characters.  The last third of the book was more interesting,<br/>but I'm not sure if it was worth the pain and boredom to get there.  The story line dragged on and on.  But, her character<br/>development was pretty good.  Towards the end of the book, I began to gain more understanding/sympathy of Rebecca,<br/>Megan, Tom, and other characters.  The author's writing style was average to me in comparison to, what I think, are better writers,<br/>e.g., Patrick Smith, Nelson DeMille, Pat Conroy, et. al.<br/><br/>Bottom line, maybe the book is a better read for those more sensitive and emotional than me.
This book is terrific from 1st page to the last!!! The characters are so well developed, and the author switches from one to the other very smoothly. The main character is a woman named Rachel, and it is she who rides the train everyday, giving the reader a bird's eye view of what she sees, and what she imagines about the people that she sees everyday. Her imagination takes over reality, but we soon find out that the real lives of these people are much worse than what she imagined for them. We also get to know Rachel, and all about her sad battle with alcohol, and also her ex-husband and his new wife, who are prominent characters in the book. The book is never boring, and these people are so interesting, and so complex, that you just feel compelled to keep reading. It is definitely thrilling, and the moodiness of the grey weather in England is the perfect background for the story.
If you like psychological thrillers, as I do, I would definItely recommend this book. Many people have compared it to Gone Girl and I would agree, although the details of plot and protagonist are very different. I gave it five stars not because I think it's great literature - it's no Pride and Prejudice - but because I think it's very, very well done for its genre. It was definitely a "can't put it down" page turner, and the twist at the end, when the mystery was revealed, evoked a "wow" out of me, which doesn't happen that often.  I also think it demonstrated a lot of psychological insight, but I don't want to say more about how because it would give too much away. But the book left me with a lot to think about, and I may reread it to see if I can pick up more as I go along now that I know the ending.  This would make an excellent book for a book club discussion .
This debut psychological thriller should start a new category - Not-To-Be-Missed. It will forever change the way you look at other people's lives and the way you imagine them, even if for just a moment while you wait.<br/>Paula Hawkins structure of her novel is beautifully done with alternating POV from Rachel, Megan, and Anna. The scenes are timed with edge-of-your-seat page-turning effect, though, the chapters all merge together for a crescendo that I feel some readers might see coming. The antagonist is there. The ending though is satisfying and all the loose-ends are tied up.<br/>Once you start reading this novel it is hard to put down. It does have a slow start but it builds tension. There are issues with alcoholism, domestic abuse and many grim issues that are well known in today's society.<br/>Yes, I would recommend Read my full review at http://buttonholed.blogspot.com/
I tried, I just couldn't get past the first couple of chapters.  usually I love thrillers, but I was less than thrilled....
Meh. Nothing redeemable or very likable about the characters. Ending a bit strained to fit in the story.  Was a quick read.
Very suspenseful and I found it hard to put down. Recommend for those that don't mind a little bit of descriptive violence.
Not sure why this book is so popular. Filled with weak minded characters, not one of them is likable from beginning to end.
If it hadn't been so hyped up, I think I would have enjoyed it more. I wasn't overly impressed, but it kept me entertained.
This book is intense! Is everyone in the UK crazy? Sick? Alcoholic? Seems like no one in this story has a nice boring life.
The end became far fetched and tedious. I had to skim over a lot of the last few chapters as it just became too ridiculous.
It may be my fondness for tv reality shows like Intervention and true-crime murders on the ID channel, but I find this collection of characters quite believable.  Any two of them could very well relate in real life.  Here a novelist plays with the consequences when a bigger group of self-deluders and liars collides - but that's the fun of the novel.  The writing is first-rate.  You do have to pay attention to the chapter headings, telling you which character is speaking and - importantly - when.  Otherwise, it all goes on swimmingly.<br/><br/>It does seem fair to warn potential readers: if you're delighted to find a new mystery involving a beautiful girl who inherits a cupcake shop, or an old mansion, or a dude ranch that has to be shared with a surly but handsome cowboy, this likely isn't the book for you.
The ending ruined this book for me.  I compared it to Lost - I enjoyed it all the way till the end, and then was furious for wasting my time.  I enjoyed reading it waiting for the "woah, I didn't see that coming" moment, but it turns out the ending was the exact obvious ending you did see coming from the beginning.  There were also some things that didn't make sense to me at all - things that were critical to the story, but not realistic/practical at all.  I found myself saying "Really?  Come on, that makes no sense and is so obviously trying to force the ending".  It was a quick read and some mindless entertainment initially, and since I mostly read it on my commute which is dead time anyway, I wasn't as pissed as I could have been.  I was pissed about the time I spent reading this at home when I could have been doing something more productive or entertaining.
Paula Hawkins maintains page-turning tension throughout her debut thriller that makes it hard to put down. The reader enters Rachel's voyeuristic world and the stories she imagines about the people she sees through the windows of their homes on her daily commute into London. The train ride also takes Rachel past the home she lost in a devastating divorce. When Rachel sees something out of place on one of these rides, her inability to heal from the divorce becomes tied to a missing person investigation that ultimately reveals the secret of her own past.<br/>Although the characters in Hawkin's book are relatable, not one of them is likable or has a trait that is admirable. But I f you're looking for  A well crafted plot, this novel will not disappoint.
The Gillian Flynn comparisons are totally inaccurate.  This book by Paula Hawkins was sold on the Gone Girl novel hype caused by Gillian Flynn.<br/><br/>So for Paula Hawkins publishers to link this is Gone Girl is very wrong.  It's slow, boring, too much back and forth in long history with the main character, there's nothing to make you want to read more  about this character, she's not fleshed out or likeable enough to make me continue.  If I can't get into the key protagonist in a book, there's nothing to keep me hooked to continue to read.<br/><br/>I'm still ploughing through, I realise the character is a psycho/sociopath, but the narrative is just so blah blah, but I just can't get into it.  I'm too objective.  When, reading, I like to be subjective.... how would I react in this circumstance? etc,  but the main character female is just too vanilla for me to even care.
Good suspenseful whodunit. The author is very successful at keeping you reading. Those of us who remember paper books used to call it a page turner. Don't know what we call it in the Kindle world. The story jumps back and forth between three female narrators, all of whom are unreliable because each one sees the world through her very focused lens. Each has her flaws ans I didn't find any of them to be sympathetic, but I thought this made them more human, and therefore more believable. As with any good mystery, the author left sufficient clues throughout the book to lead you to the murderer, if you were really paying attention. Nothing is obvious or over-played. Forget the comparisons to Gone Girl. This is a very different kind of story.<br/>Spoiler alert: If you have been a victim of or are familiar with psychological abuse, you will have an advantage in solving the mystery.
I am actually with the 170 reviewer who thus far have given this novel one or two stars. Hawkins seems bent on continuing the current vogue in suspense books - that of offering readers no sympathetic protagonists, a streamlined plot, dimwitted detectives, and repetitive action from characters with little or no redeeming morality. Many have written that this work reminds them of Alfred Hitchcock endeavors; however, this is really third rate Hitchcock at best. It lacks logic, suspenseful drama, and a conclusion that truly defies believability. The past/present exchange of time and place does work when employed by some writers, but in this instance, the technique has a tendency to confuse and annoy. This is not too bad a start for a first-time author, but coming on the tail of the immensely successful "Gone Girl", it does not measure up and has been very much over-hyped.
Not sure what all the fuss is about. It was a good read but not a great read. No one is a good person in this story or who they seem to be on the surface. Except maybe the long suffering roommate. Rachel is in a downward spiral and we are forced to go on the ride. She spots a young couple from her train she takes every day into work. She makes up a life for them, names them and projects her hopes or dashed hopes as it were upon them. Then she finds they are not who she thinks they are. Only they live a few doors down from Rachel's ex and new wife and baby. When the women she has seen from the train goes missing, she can't help but interject herself into the investigation. Rachel thinks she has a clue as to who might have taken her. Only she is a drunk and can't remember what happened that night. Was she there? Takes awhile to find out and when you do, your not too surprised.
The Girl on the Train was definitely unexpected! The story is told from the points of view of three very different women with one thing in common. None of these three woman are entirely admirable characters. All three have very few redeeming qualities. For the first few chapters it was difficult to feel particularly close to any of them... but it was like driving by a car accident. You know you shouldn't...but you just have to look as you go by.<br/><br/>The more I read, the more I had to read on. I subjected anyone who would listen to analyses and theories on who dunnit. Believe me, my accusations evolved rapidly with each turning page... but it wasn't until the last few chapters that the true sinister culprit came forth with clarity and a sense of "how did I not see this from the start?!"<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train was just as, if not more, gripping than Gone Girl.
Heard a great deal about this book so my expectations were very high and The Girl On The Train actually exceeded my expectations! This is one of the best mystery thrillers I have read in years!  I could not put this book down! Everytime I would try and take a break, another new twist would happen and I would have to keep reading! Just like a train, this plot is very fast moving , full of twist and turns and an ending that doesn't disappoint . Paula Hawkins does a great job of fleshing out the characters and each character is so multi faceted and has so many layers! The book really keeps you guessing till the very end! I know many people compare this book to Gone Girl and many  compared the book to Alfred Hitchcock stories but I believe this book stands on its own and doesn't need to be compared to anything! Fans of the Mystery Suspense Genre will definatley love this book!
This was quite the page turner. I couldn't put it down. You won't be disappointed.  It keeps you on the edge of your seat!
Great descriptive writing. I enjoyed this book very much. It held my attention from cover to cover. Great exciting ending.
By the time I got to the end if the book, I could admire the cleverness of the plot, however, I did not enjoy the journey.
Couldn't put it down.  Loved the style and characters.  Held my attention until the very end.  Highly recommend this book.
I'm in awe of anyone who can weave such a tricky sinister plot and find a conclusion that satisfies the reader. Well done!
Omgosh--definitely the page-turner. An hour on gym treadmill literally flew by while reading this book. Really exciting psychothriller type story, with multiple POVs... can't wait to see the feature film. Apparently actress Rebecca Ferguson of the awesome new Mission Impossible is going to star, alongside the very talented actress Emily Blunt. This book really isn't like Gone Girl, per se, except in the sense that someone is murdered and it is a thrilling fiction read... as this book is quite mysterious until near the end (with GG, you know pretty quick that the wife is a crazy-arse beeyatch who is framing her hubbers) as you don't really know who did the deed. Also, this story is a full-on ensemble piece. Omgosh, know that I'm gushing but this is a book to re-read and can't wait to see the film. Hope the author writes more thrillers, will definitely read. Happy reading~*
I have to agree with another reviewer in that this is probably more appealing to a female audience. Perhaps because what goes on in the head of a woman is something that I've never truly understood. And all of this story goes on in the heads of three women. It is narrated from three first-person viewpoints in a non time-linear fashion, which I at first found distracting, but then came to accept. Because of the way the story unfolds, this is required by the writer, but it also requires more work on the reader's part to remember where you are in time.<br/><br/>I love a good mystery, and I also like thrillers. Although categorized here by Amazon, it can't really be called a thriller in my view. It is a valid mystery, but it relies too heavily on the repeated reference to the main characters alcoholic amnesia. It is a page-turner, but not all page turners are great books.
This book was thought-provoking - though depressing.  Rachel's life is and becomes during the course of the novel, intertwined with two couples that she 'stalks' from the train on her daily commute.  Rachel has fallen into a somewhat desperate state, drinking heavily to try to mask her troubles.  The pivotal moment in the story involves a night that Rachel wakes up from a black-out drunken stupor and can't recall the events of the night before.<br/>The narration of the story evolves - we begin to hear from each of the female characters and thus the story begins to evolve.  Through the voices of each woman, we begin to understand the fears, motivations and desires that drive each.  The events of that night begin to be unveiled as the present day story moves forward as well.<br/>All in all - a very good read that will, if anything, make you feel better about your life!!
Rachel is the character that the story revolves around.  She travels on a train in the UK every day and the train stops at the same place each day.  She watches a couple making up her own story of their lives.  She ultimately gets involved in those lives as well as her ex-husband's life.  He and his new wife live on the same street as the couple she watches.  She is an alcoholic and a serious event happens that she can't remember because she has blacked out.  Hard to describe the interwoven characters but they all at some point revolve around Rachel.  Twists and turns galore.  Murder, adultery and more. Not only couldn't I put it down but even when I wasn't reading it I was thinking about it trying to figure things out.  In my opinion the author had to have had first hand knowledge of alcoholics and what they go through.  Rachel's struggles were just too real.  Read it!
This was one of the most engaging books I've come across this year. It's hard to give credence to the negative reviews, because it's quite likely they never read the book in its entirety. Many people have a difficult time with the first 50 pages of any book, and one notices such reviews rarely give details.<br/><br/>This book takes unreliable narrators to a wholly new level. Perspectives keep changing. You find yourself asking, "Are my predictions based on unsound thinking, provided by an unsound narrator?" In fact, the reader is never quite sure of anything but the inexorable progress of the central mystery. The solution is like an image in a thick fog, a life-size figure that only becomes visible as various narrators' points of view coalesce. It is a wonderful thing to see a talented author use such a daring literary device to such astonishing effect.
Rachel, a despairing alcoholic, deserted by her husband, spends her days riding the commuter train, even after being fired from her job in London. She cannot resist harassing her ex and his new wife, but with a sad desperation rather than any menace. Most every day she notices two people on a terrace near where she used to live. She imagines them as being madly in love. But one day the woman goes missing and Rachel is drawn into the drama surrounding her disappearance.<br/>The story is a slow burn, but still kept me reading. I figured out the surprising villain about two-thirds of the way into the book. The downer for me was that all the men treated Rachel like she was worthless because she is no longer slim and beautiful, showing society's prejudice again women--only worthwhile if they're attractive.<br/>An enjoyable, but hardly on the edge of your seat, read.
I decided to read this book because of all the glowing reviews and was actually quite disappointed. I wasn't enthralled, riveted, or sucked in like I expected to be, and some parts of the book were predictable. While there were some good plot twists I didn't really like any of the characters, and  the author didn't really achieve the goal of making my sympathize with any of the main characters. It was an OKAY book, but nothing fantastic like the reviews suggest. It didn't even manage to hold my interest for more than an hour at a time until about half way through. I really only finished the book because I wanted to see what all the fuss was about, I thought maybe it would all of a sudden get really good and it just never did. It does get better towards the end, but nothing incredible--I could definitely put it down. My general thought at the end was "Meh"
I found this book tedious in the extreme.  Not fast-paced, not a thriller.  The characters weren't relatable, they were boring.  The alcoholism was grating, and far too repetitively convenient as a plot point.  I'm giving it two stars because the writing was decent -- not compelling, but Ms. Hawkins knows how to put sentences together and has a decent command of grammar, a skill not shared by a lot of current authors.  Her plotting is another matter. The overall plot wasn't bad, but along the lines of what another reviewer wrote, instead of putting the effort required into writing a truly engaging story with unfolding events, the author just had her narrators withhold detail so she could have a series of plot twists.  I knew who the killer was halfway through the book.  The final twist was the most satisfying, but it was an effort to finish the book to get to it.
Much like Gone Girl, it is difficult to find a truly likable character. You want to root for Rachel, an alcoholic with a sad past who's finally trying to turn her life around, but her tendency to make bad decisions leaves readers exasperated. The unfaithfulness of the other 2 narrators makes it difficult to sympathize with them as well. Told partly in flashbacks, including from the missing woman's point of view, suspense slowly builds until you finally reach a point where you have to finish the book before you can do anything else, including sleep, despite having to get up at 5 am the next day (I'm guilty of that one). If I had stopped to think about it for a minute I might have been able to guess whodunit, but I read it too quickly to really give it any thought. The slow emergence of clues from flashbacks and conversations made my theory constantly shift anyway.
This fast-paced tale takes place in England, where recently-divorced Rachel Watson rents a room from her friend and struggles with severe alcoholism. Ashamed to admit she lost her job due to excessive drinking, she rides the train to London each business day and hangs around until it’s time to board the return train. The train takes her past her former home, where her ex-husband lives with his new wife, and Rachel takes notice of a couple down the block and their seemingly perfect life, as witnessed in brief bursts of time each day from the train window. One day, she sees something that compels her to report it to the police.<br/><br/>The story weaves marital discord, motherhood, grief, betrayal, delusion, personal struggle and lies. When you crack the cover, make sure you have a couple of hours to devote to reading. You may stay up all night to read this one.
I tried out the audible version of this book and only got halfway through. Quite frankly, the characters were unlikeable and a bit pathetic... The plot was very slow to unfold, and the same mundane situations seemed to occur over and over again. I tend to get really caught up in books, but found that this one actually made me feel a bit depressed - not what you want for your commute to and from work!<br/><br/>If you want to try out this book, I would suggest reading it instead of listening. One of the issues I faced was that I did not have the patience for the self-pitying character monologue parts, something that could have been redeemed if I was able to skip through to the more exciting 'thriller' scenes. The plot itself has potential and I do wonder how the mystery was going to unfold, but unfortunately I could not continue reading long enough to find out.
I saw a list somewhere of the best books to read in 2015 and The Girl on the Train was on that list. I liked the sound of the title :) so I picked it up not really knowing much about the story. This was one of my better random picks about a divorced, unemployed, alcoholic woman. Sounds depressing but don't let that stop you if you like Hitchcock style twists and false leads and a satisfying ending. The story is told from 3 different perspectives but the main character is Rachael who is so dysfunctional she rides the train everyday pretending she is going to work. On the train, she passes the same row of houses everyday until one day she sees something sinister or was she mistaken. She drinks a lot, even for breakfast, but you'll find yourself rooting for her. I thought the book started a little slow until I got into the rhythm but then I was hooked. I liked it!
Careful reading at first will help the reader get the five main characters in focus, and some patience is needed with Rachel.  However,  one is so rewarded by the exciting plot as it unfolds, taking the reader through twist after psychological twist.  I enjoyed the luxury of POV renderings of each character, and the clever way the author left clues for me to think about as the end rushed toward me like a Runaway Train trying to reach its station before the good are not saved and the bad are not caught..  The author makes you care so much for each character, regardless of their weaknesses. Will their strengths of character emerge to bring this complicated human puzzle to a satisfying end? Or will the reader be left asking more questions and be enticed to want more about the future of these characters and those their lives touched?  What an intriguing ride!
Let me start with the positive. The portrayal of alcoholism in this novel is amazing. It does this better than many novels in recent memory. It is so stunning, I would be remiss not to mention it. HOWEVER, this is not a novel of addiction or recovery it is a mystery thriller. It alternates between three different women characters effectively, but not quite effortlessly. My biggest problem with this novel is just how much it owes stylistically to the later novels of Lianne Moriarity. It was a mimic of something done much better by other people. If you're really looking for a taut suspenseful read it would be my suggestion to go read Big Little Lies or The Husband's Secret instead. If you've already read them and loved them, then give this a go, but know it'll fall short of the bar set.. and if you've read and hated those you've been warned. This is not for you.
2.5 stars. The women in the book--Anna, Megan and Rachel--are not likable. I did not feel drawn in to find out what happened next. The premise was okay in that someone riding a train daily past the same houses might make up some story about the people living there to while away their daily commute. However, the interconnections of implausibly self-absorbed, ill or evil people just did not appeal to me. Nor did the author's technique of switching voices between the women and moving about the timeline of their parts. I am guessing that was to add suspense but it just annoyed me and I found myself caring so little about trying to figure out which month, year and person was talking that I skipped to the end. I was hoping that the ending might change my overall opinion...but I was wrong. Yes, it was dark and suspenseful at times but not something I will recommend.
I was really bored by the storytelling and the plot twist was so disappointing that I wonder what the buzz is all about.
The title does not reflect the contents of the book. The characters remain superficial and the story keeps dragging on .
Story was very good, you didn't know which way it was going, characters true to life, good read, and would recommend it.
Very disappointing book.  All about a drunk and a bunch of people sleeping around with each other.  So what else is new?
nothing. worst book i have read in a long time! terrible prose. stupid and dull. how did this get on a best seller list?
Couldn't put it down.  The suspense was great and I loved the character development.  Also do we really see what we see?
Something is missing and I can't put my finger on it? Characters were shallow;  plot was thin.  How did it get to be #1?
It's difficult to stay with a book when you wanted all of the characters to get run over by a train.  Annoying
I found the first 70 pages quite boring and had a hard time getting into this book, but I began to like it a bit more as it progressed. It may be confusing at first because the story is told from different narrative points of view, three to be exact, and because it is not written in linear or chronological order; it goes from present to past and back again, so the reader has to look at both the date and the name at the beginning of each chapter to ascertain from whose point of view the chapter is being told and when the events occurred. The three main female characters are not very likeable and have unpleasant characteristics throughout the book; however, they become more likeable at the end which is the best part of the entire book. It dragged at times, and I wasn't really engaged in it during most of the book, but once I got into it, I wanted to finish it.
I don't usually go for the "must read" books. But this one intrigued me. Had seen it compared to Gone Girl and since I enjoyed the constant twisting and the unreliability of all the narrators (even though I disliked the ending), I decided to give The Girl on the Train a go.<br/><br/>I absolutely despised every single character in this book. They were all repulsive and morally repugnant. Not one single redeeming quality amongst them. And yet I couldn't put this book down. I HAD to know whodunit, how it happened, what happened to everyone. The author did a wonderful job drawing the reader in, making you want to watch the train wreck of the character's lives happen, keep you turning the pages even when you were disgusted by every new decision and action a character made.<br/><br/>I'm looking forward to reading more from this author and hopefully very soon.
I will say it helps you understand the thought processes of people with personality disorders.  There is the alcoholic who is adept at explaining away her choices to drink and remains chronically dependent on her abusive ex-husband.  We also delve into the psyche and liste to the rationalizations of an apparent bipolar who constantly longs for crises and undiscerning sexual encounters.  We listen to a sociopathic husband but his thinking is less well developed through the story than the two main female characters. And there's more, including a psychiatrist with questionable ethics, etc!<br/><br/>In short, the book is replete with the mentally disturbed.  Any one of them would have been enough for one book, and probably made a good read.  But the compounded craziness left me feeling disturbed and unsatisfied.  Too much.  Way too much for a satisfying read.
I was looking for a good book to read and I am so happy I found one. The bottom line was the basic story of woman looses husband and job and give up on life, but the layers added kept me reading and reading until my eyelids just couldn't stay open any more. It has characters you can like, along with the others you will love and hate. You will struggle with the main characters inability to get it together, but appreciate he ability to keep going considering what she is facing. She works throughout the book to try to remember things her memory has forgotten, due to her black outs, due to her drinking problem. What happen in the moments she can't remember are key to her happiness, as well to key to solving a murder. It's a fast paced book, with many twists and turns that I would recommend to every. Find The Girl On The Train and take a very entertaining ride.
It held my interest, though I disliked the main character because she blamed her drunkenness, loss of job, incessant lying, and openly<br/>slovernly obsessions and whatever else was wrong with her on her inability to have a child and her emotionally abusive husband.  She was never in control of her life.  I will admit, Hawkins made the reader uncomfortable enough to want to pull her by the hair and say...get it together..NOW! Also, the ending was unrealistic...can't see how she could have escaped Thomas.  I guess I am uncomfortable with stories where the men are controlling and abusive and the women just sudsy victims or obsessed nutcases.  Also, that roommate put up with a LOT more than anyone I know would have. It was ok, but not as good as Big Little Lies.  The abused woman had a lot of class and held it together.  The ending of that book was amazing.
After picking up "The Girl on the Train" at the suggestion of a friend, I was excited to read a book from an author I've never heard of, but skeptical that it could be as good as what my friend said.<br/><br/>I was wrong.  It far exceeded any expectations that I could have had.  Paula Hawkins weaved a plot full of twists and turns with characters that developed and made you both cringe with their actions and cheer them at varying parts in the book.<br/><br/>While other reviewers have waxed poetic about the plot and character development, I will simply leave my review by saying "WOW".  I am sad that Paula Hawkins doesn't have many more books for me to dive into and I hope that she writes... fast.  :)  I haven't read a book that I was THIS into in a very long time.
What a thrilling read and ride of a novel!<br/>The story alternates between the points of view of three women: Rachel, Anna, and Megan. Rachel is probably the protagonist (her story and p.o.v. appear first, leading the novel), and every day on the commuter train to London she passes her old home. Framed by the train's windows to and from the capital, she sees some characters she knows in this little Northern London suburb, and some she doesn't. Not unlike Rear Window, she thinks she has the tail end of a misdeed and tries to right it. But Rachel, for reasons that are immediately clear, is a highly unreliable narrator.<br/>You think you know whodonit, you don't. Very satisfying novel from a writer who has taken some time to craft fine sentences and actually use the English language.<br/>I suspect a wide swath of readers will be satisfied by this noir.
dysfunctional people-- liars & alcoholics---not the type of people I would associate with __& do not want to know them.
I loved the whole mystery to the story it would let me stop reading, but i expected a little something more for the end
Though dark and sad the book held my interest. Very original plot but too depressing.  Depended on the drinking made Ra
This truly was one of those rare books that I just couldn't put down.  I passed it on to a co-worker who felt the same.
I loved Gone Girl so I guess my expectations were too high for The Girl on the Train. I honestly think the comparison is what is hurting this book the most. Too much expectation going in.<br/><br/>I don't mind books written in first person; however, when you are telling a story from several different characters' perspectives, and the author uses the same "voice" for everyone and everyone speaks, talks and acts the same, it really got confusing. Several times I had to page back and see which character was telling the story. The story was also very tedious, and it took too long for events to get moving. It's not often that I wonder when is a book going to end, yet that is how I felt reading this.<br/><br/>It started out okay, and I hoped it would get better. It didn’t. I did manage to finish it, but it just wasn’t for me.
I never felt engaged with the characters.  Very disappointed.  I didn't even finish the book, something I rarely do.
Depressing book that goes nowhere. I don't know why so many people ranked it highly. I wouldn't recommend it at all.
I Wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Hi w on earth did this book make the best seller's list???  Utter disappointment.
No depth and very predictable.  If you are stuck in the airport with nothing else to do feel free to read this book.
Enjoyed the personal struggle story as well as the mystery.  Quick read. Do we really ever know others or ourself???
Confusing narrative. The women were not interesting, just pathetic. Don't know how this got on the best seller list.
I finished it but it was a slog near the end as it just seemed to go on and on.  Come on, author!  Get to the point.
The storyline was well put together - Intricate. I highly recommend it!  It is definitely an A-plus book! Well done!
Unexpected and gripping.  Couldn't put it down as the suspense built, the twists and turns had me hooked to the end.
Loved it!! Finished it in less than a day! I would definitely recommend this book to anyone looking for a good read & that enjoys thrillers.
The book was well written but very depressing. It was not the thriller I was looking for. The story was predictable.
I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes a twisted mystery!  The women in this story are all flawed but Ms. Hawkins makes them likeable and you end up rooting for them in end.  There is Rachel. The broken woman whose husband has left her for his mistress.  Now they have a perfect life (maybe) and Rachel is riding a train back and fourth to London so she doesn't have to tell her flatmate she was fired from her job for being drunk! Anna is the mistress turned perfect wife and mother but as the saying goes "if they'll do it with you,they will do it to you"  Lastly there is Meghan the married woman who is hiding dark<br/> secrets and having affairs of her own.  This story is told by these three flawed and human woman and the ending is not what anyone expects!
This book was a quick read for me because it was enthralling.  The heroine is a broken soul who is hard to like at first because she is, honestly, a wretched mess.  As the story progressed I found myself liking her more and more.<br/><br/>This book is a cautionary tale with many facets.  It cautions against inebriation and adultery, explores the pain felt in both sexes at having been cuckolded and explores the way women and men handle it differently.  It also cautions about giving over too much of one's self to another person and what can happen when the person you love is someone you barely know.  Lastly, and most importantly, it is about betrayal in its many, sundry forms.<br/><br/>Despite the dark recesses of the human psyche that were explored here, the book left me with a feeling of hopefulness in the promise of tomorrow.
This book was a quick read, it pulled me in almost immediately and did not let me go until I finished. There is a feeling of nostalgia throughout the novel that gives you the feeling that you are talking to an old friend you haven't seen in awhile, one who saw you through some difficult times. I am not the best person to review mystery novels because I usually guess who did it before the big reveal. However, I thought the author did a pretty good job of making you doubt what you thought (although she did so by painting every male character as menacing). The main character, Rachel, is pretty sad. You immediately feel bad for her and as you delve further into the story you realize just how pathetic she is. None of the characters are particularly happy or well-rounded people, the women in this story lead especially depressing lives.
If you've ever read "At the Pitt-Rivers" by Penelope Lively, you will most certainly recognize the similarities here.  A young lady, living vicariously through those around her whilst drowning her memories of the past in alcohol, creates a fantasy life for a couple she sees daily from her seat on the train.  That fantasy takes on new dimensions as it collides with reality in a plot that may be a bit too predictable once the reader makes connections.  The tangled mess of loose threads are one by one separated and placed in order as the plot meanders to the finish, while our protagonist struggles to separate the illusion from actuality. Though at times a bit tedious, and, as mentioned, predictable, this is a fascinating study of the human mind and how we as human beings can justify our emotional responses to everyday life.
This book is a real page turner. There is not one part of this book that is boring or slow in terms of plot. Hawkins does a great job with character development, I feel we got to get into the minds of each and every character, and the fact that it is written from the point of view of the 3 main women characters keeps it interesting. The entire plot was suspenseful and engaging, I found myself constantly wanting to know more and to put the pieces of the puzzle together. All 3 women narrators couldn't be more different from one another, or so it seems, until the story goes on and we find that they may not be so different from each other after all in some aspects. This book has it all; marriage, divorce, lust, romance, psychological thrills. It shows how things aren't always what they seem. You won't be disappointed!! A must read!!
Enjoyed reading this .....  Some comments in other reviews about the main character not being believable - I disagree.  Having commuted into London everyday for 25 years, it's very believable, and I don't just mean the watching of people from the train; but the drinking aspect too.  I do agree that the timeline was a little confusing and in many cases I wasn't really paying attention, but it was a good story.  You always knew there was going to be a twist but until it happened you didn't know which way the twist was going!  I felt that the book took a long time to reach this point and then sprinted to the finishing line .......  But that might just have been me, as once I found out I was eager to know how it all played out so kept turning the pages.  A decent book, any London commuter will recognize parts of themselves in this!
The previous reviewers who remarked that the voices of the three narrators/women were wholly interchangeable hit the proverbial nail on the head! That and the fact that there was no real nuance or dimension to any of the characters to begin with are the biggest disappointments about this novel. Maybe the latter is the reason there were no real distinguishing features between any of them other than their circumstances so it is really the same problem. And the characters were not believable or likable. I did, however, from time to time find myself rooting for Rachel despite her propensity for excessive apologizing and her pathetic behavior and life, and I found the story/plot itself was still a relatively engaging whodunit so I gave it three stars overall. Just don't expect it to move you in any way.  Profound this novel is not.
It was a good start and it draws you in. My first thought was that it was a copy of the Gone Girl book- same tempo.  But by the middle of the book the characters are hard to relate to as the author, in pursuit of tension, keeps changing them from good to bad.  Oh, you thought this person was a good guy?  Well you were fooled, and now he's a bad guy.  It's a tactic you can use once but several times?  I got kind of bored with the back and forth and in the end you can't really relate to the characters anymore.  The lead character is kind of pathetic and starts to become tedious.  The ending is kind of ridiculous when the "bad guy" acts in a way I thought was not in keeping with the build-up of his character.  It is an ok beach read and some will probably like it but it's not a story you will remember after a few months.
Girl on the Train was a good psychological thriller. However, the ending didn't surprise me. I did like the twist and turns the protagonist went through as she restored her memory but that all happened at the end and too quick to believe all the nuances. I really liked the way the author hid the protagonist's identity from the readers but the character who did commit the crime was a bit unbelievable. There were a couple of clues, enough for me to figure out who the killer was but the character development was spotty. And I realize that was the point here. Yet if you are going to drop a substantial hint in the first quarter of the book, then you have time for the protagonist to unwind her life crisis. The "formula" says to dump it all in the last quarter but if the author is going to do that, the story in the middle must still be a page turner and the plot development was a little slow. All that said I still thought the plot was good and I appreciate how difficult it is to keep a psychological thriller going. Hawkins picked an excellent device to do this. And I applaud her for exposing the subversive type of emotional and intellectual abuse some women suffer from their spouses.
I wanted to like it but it just drug on too long! Not enough suspense, and the main character was kind of pathetic.
It was an ok book. Kind of nice since I've lived in the UK, but I almost predicted the ending. Easy read and quick.
I appreciate a well written book, loved this book.  Intelligently written and made me feel like I was on the train!
Very conveluded read jumping time lines characters and circumstances. I almost gave up finishing it but persevered.
Exciting with many twists.  Good psychological thriller-just wish she went to AA at the end to help her stay sober!
This book/story was good, not great.  Don't understand why it's being compared to Gone Girl, which was much better.
Loved the book a lot of mystery never quests the ending!<br/>No marriage in the future after you read this one lol
I solved the who-done-it quite a bit earlier than I would have liked to, but I found the characters to be very human and while not "likeable," as some reviewers have complained, they are for the most part, well-developed. I found it easy to relate to Rachael, not from personal experience, but because she remained aware she WAS, on paper, a very unreliable witness. I have to admit, I was initially confused by the switching of perspective between one narrator to the other, but I was also driving in a snow storm. In the print version, this would not have been an issue. What is an issue is the incessant comparison of this work with any other. The book does not claim to be Gone Girl, or Hitchcock or anything else. It is a story I did find myself finishing in 4 days, which to me means I got my money's (or credit's) worth.
I'll start by saying that I couldn't put this book down. That in itself has me tempted to rate it a 4. But there were too many holes, some areas that could have been developed further to increase the mystery and suspense, to lead me astray, as a reader, so that when the truth was revealed I'd have been dumbfounded by it. Instead, my reaction to the truth was just sort of, "Huh, I guess I should have known. Makes sense." In contrast, some points were unnecessary. Such as Kamal's apartment being a mess. This serves no purpose and does not move the story along. Also, the story has no need to be presented from Anna's POV for a silly 10 pages or so here and there through the 320 page book.
Hated it.  Stopped reading halfway through.  Same thing over and over again.  She drinks, she gets drunk, boo hoo.
Great book. Excellent read. I loved the twists and being able to know the characters so well. High recommend here.
Started off a little depressing but quickly became a page turner. Could not put this book down! It is a must read.
I enjoyed that the story was told from three perspectives and how well they intertwined to keep the pages turning.
Once you get started into this story you won't be able to stop! Who done it has never been told better· You find yourself being sympathetic of the main character Rachel ,even as there is a part of you that wants to scream at her to stop drinking and get on with her life! This novel has more twists and turns than a roller coaster ride.<br/>Rachel is still trying to get over her ex ,when her daily trip into London on the train leads her into the real lives of a couple that she has made up an imaginary life about while watching them near the train tracks. When she can't let go that their real lives are not the idyll she thought they lived is when the real trouble begins. Soon she is involved in a disappearance of the girl she calls Jess. There is much  she can't remember and the police don't believe her due to her alcoholic blackouts! When you think you know what happened you find out you do not. It kept me guessing up til near the very end! I even ended up missing a day out shopping just to finish it!
Man, this was a good book! It reminded me a little bit of Gone Girl, parts of it anyway: the relationship between Megan and Scott and how she couldn't seem to be happy with one. Although in this story, she didn't turn out to be the crazy one. At first I didn't know why we needed Anna's poverty but as I got further into the book, it made more sense. She had a story to tell, just like the other two. And I think, without her part, the stories wouldn't have been as connected, especially Rachel's and the ending might not have been as great. And the ending took me surprise although I had narrowed down my list of suspects to two, but I still couldn't believe who the culprit turned out to be. The writing was so engaging that I felt like I was on the train with Rachel, I can't wait to see what this author comes up with next!
The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller that will keep you turning the pages until the end.  It is told by three main characters Rachel, who drinks excessively to get through her life; Megan, who Rachel sees daily as she rides the train and is not the person that Rachel thinks she is and Anna, the woman who is married to Rachel's ex-husband.  The story is also told in different time periods which is initially a bit confusing but helps to give the back story of the characters.  I initially wasn't going to read this book because of all the comparisons to a certain book from last year but I am so glad that I did.  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down.  It is well written and will keep you guessing almost to the end. A Great Read!
I was a little slow on the uptake realizing there were three different characters telling their stories. Once I got a clue I followed the story line better. The three stories are dated on each of their chapters, but unless you are compulsive about noting the dates, it's a little hard to follow where you are in the action in terms of the time line. Ultimately it comes together and the time line becomes less important.<br/>Altogether though, I think it was a well constructed story, interesting to follow. The most interesting character was struggling with alcoholism and I believe the portrayal by the author was very on target and fascinating to follow.<br/>Aspects of it make it not-such-an-easy read, but it certainly makes you think, and that's ok too.<br/>Generally well done - I would read another by this author.
The story is told by three separate first person narratives.  As you travel through them you may, as I did, come to realize that you really care very little for any of those three characters.  I think this is generally because the narrative is so narrow, self directed and centered on poor choices that none of them are even vaguely appealing.  There is no champion for whom you can cheer or victim for whom you mourn.  However, the narratives are written finely and in great detail. That means you cannot get caught up in the story because you must read and "feel" every word.  There are only six characters with any meaningful involvement in the story, so determining the villain was not challenging.  It also left me with an ending that was less than satisfying.  Generally speaking, I'm just happy that it's over.
This is a really interesting and well-written novel.It portrays a troubled alcoholic woman whose booze-induced actions and resulting amnesia are manipulated by other characters. The story centers around the disappearance of a young woman and the interaction among the protagonist, her ex and his wife, and the down-the-street neighbors. Much of the story occurs on the street adjacent to the rail tracks viewed from a train that the "girl" frequently travels.The carefully-timed character development perfectly allows the story to unfold and the suspense to build. The story is told from several characters' perspective adding to the plot and the personalities. The author's detailed picture of the personalities and the telling of the story my several main characters sets apart this murder mystery from most others.
When I heard about this book it was from a co-worker who was clamoring amongst the crowd to get us all to read this book. That but of hype may have built my expectations to a point that would be hard to meet. There was only one character fleshed out enough for me to care about. Everyone else was just white noise and I'm this book the author needed you to care about the others as well. I hate to say that it felt like the story changed direction multiple times and left loose ends all over the place that did little to create suspicion as to who committed the murder. Instead it felt like the author was going down one path and a sudden flash caused the story to go somewhere else without cleaning up after itself. Don't get me wrong, it's worth a read, just in the same way that some made for tv movies are worth a watch.
It was hard reading about such a horrible life.  It makes me sad if the contemporary world finds this woman's situation and life style to be normal.  When I spend my time reading I like to go away feeling uplifted and a better person for having spent time with the author's story.  Maybe I am not living in the real world but in my world fidelity in marriage and high moral standards before and after marriage are behaviors that bring joy and blessings to ones life.  These standards make it possible to raise children who do not take drugs and move in with lamo's or anyone at 17 or ever until married.  There are standards of living that make life happy.  This book was a prime example of how not living these standards makes your life a disaster.
After figuring out that the story was about a WOMAN, not a girl, on the train, I was all in.  Hawkins has created a dark, inter-mingled set of characters, about whom you want to learn.  What are their life stories?  Megan's story is the main one described, but the others' stories are attention-catching, if less developed.<br/><br/>Is Rachel's involvement positive or negative?  That answer probably differs for every reader.  How a part of one character's story made it to the newspapers is still a mystery to me.  Did the obvious person tell?<br/><br/>A good tale, full of good surprises but not in a confusing way.  Are any of the characters likeable?  If you don't think so, then even more kudos to Hawkins.  It is difficult to create an entire ensemble of unlikeable characters who still maintain your interest.  Decidedly good read.
Well, I liked it but wasn't so spellbound I couldn't put it down until I finished it in one day…it took a couple weeks. I found the characters interesting, but they, nor the plot, didn't have the "punch" I was hoping for based upon the fact it has been on the top of the New York Times best seller list for a number of weeks. I have read books before where I simply could not sleep until I finished it, this was not one of those. However, I found it engaging enough to read it in entirety, but the end wasn't as thrilling, unpredictable, or exciting as I had anticipated. I felt sorry for the Rachel in many ways, due to her struggle with memory loss, depression, and alcoholism that I felt were very accurately portrayed. The author writes well, and I hope she comes out with something more riveting in the future!
The setting and perspective were interesting, but overall I found the book depressing and would not recommend it.
long way to go for a "surprise" ending.  I was not sympathetic to the characters.  To sum up:  WHO CARES!
No thanks. Jumps from 3 perspectives and times too frequently. Hard to follow the flow. Little reward at the end.
I to read but had a difficult time getting through this book.  Not sure how it stayed on bestseller list so long,
This book is edgy and sinister. It's a satisfying read and is not predictable. I would would highly recommend it.
Depressing .  Not worth my time.  Women portrayed as weak.  Too much violence .  Worse book I have read in years.
A bad romance novel masquerading as a mystery. It's terribly written. It hasn't been well reviewed and no wonder.
Dull. What's all the hype for? Figured out the "twist" early on and then couldn't wait to get through it.
Really enjoyed he fast paced nature of the book. Story line sometimes went a little too far but highly recommend!
This is a real page Turner that you will read in one sitting.I'm ready for more by this author.hope there's more.
I read this for a book club at work. It's a slow starter, let me just say. The entire set up on the story involves a lot of introspective internal monologue by the main character, drinking on the train and miserable about something, but you don't find out too much for what seemed like the first quarter of the book. It is good at the end and I'm not sorry I read it. The last quarter of story picks up speed, has twists and generally makes up for the slow start.<br/><br/>Also, it's not linear. It jumps from the point of view of one female character to the next and then back. It takes a little getting used to, but the characters have a fairly distinct voices, so it gets easier to follow as you go.<br/><br/>I chose Dark as the mood for this book, because it is a murder mystery. More along the lines of Gone Girl.
Wow...I could not put this book down. Extremely well written and a fantastic plot. With all the mystery and suspense books out there obsessing on the serial killer, this was a refreshing change. After all this type of murder is much more common than serial killings. The plot and murder was so everyday and the characters could really be your neighbors.....and that's what make a good murder mystery very very scary. The fact that this could really happen to you or someone you know. Nothing is scarier or more realistic than " heat of the moment" anger and desperation.<br/>Not a bloody butchering with disgusting descriptions of body parts strewn hither and yon to add gruesomeness to the plot.<br/>Kudos to Paula Hawkins. The rest of the " blood and guts" genre are going to get a run for their money with this woman.
This was a nice, well rounded story with plenty to keep me reading. There wasn't too much going on and it was a pleasure to follow. Having said that, I didn't get what all of the hype is about with this book. It wasn't that powerful. The story itself was a great concept and told in 1st, 2nd and 3rd person. Rachel is a strong character and so is Megan and Anna.<br/><br/>Rachel though, seems depressed and I think she's a little jealous of her ex's new situation. His new wife, a brand new baby. They moved into Rachel and Tom's old house and then he posts pictures on FB about how happy they are. Sad, but he isn't wrong for doing it. Everyone does it and though he and her didn't work out it isn't his fault that she is jealous or depressed.<br/><br/>I had no idea beforehand how the end would come about and certainly don't want to spoil it here but it wasn't as strong in the suspense aspect as other rival novels in its genre and I couldn't wait to be done with it. I think this book tries really hard but it just can't get it done. It's not Gone Girl and it never will be. But It was still worth the read if you like books in this genre, though I expected more of a racy, suspenseful experience.
This is a novel that grabs you from the beginning...and pulls you further and further into its unrelenting grasp. The characters are flawed, every one of them, as we all are, I suppose. And yet, not many of us would do the things that they have done...the acts of betrayal...the actions that go too far. What is it like to love a person so strongly that you are willing to believe everything about that person, as long as you can be together? I enjoyed the author's way of going from one character to another, so that each one could be examined and discovered to be vulnerable...to be flawed. The suspense builds and the reader goes from this conclusion to another, till the mystery is finally brought to a satisfying end. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an intense thriller and character dramatization.
Since I had heard poor reviews for this book I read it wondering if it would be worth it. Although it started slow and had an unusual style. There were three different POV’s and the story was told in a journalistic stream of conscious with entries on different days, as well as time of day and sometime shifts between years. As our main character watches from the train and imagines a life for a couple she sees as the train halts for some reason. Once the woman is reported as missing Rachel goes to the police but doesn’t tell the whole story. But tells them the woman had a lover. As the story progresses it moves faster and faster as the woman’s body is discovered and you wonder who has murdered here. It’s a different sort of mystery with no real investigator just facts being presented by the three female POV’s
Well, it is definitely a summer chick book.  The protagonist, big surprise, is a female, whose life is falling apart.  In the spirit of Rear Window (only Jimmie Stewart does it justice) she sees something that's not right and immediately she makes a gazillion unfounded assumptions (like Rear Window and that other flick with Shia Labeouf).  It gets interesting, finally 2/3 into the book, but you can tell that the target audience of this book was not male.  Woman will love the personal relationships sprinkled with the protagonists imagination, and they may even identify with the other female characters in the book, but overall, it was like watching a trainwreck:  I couldn't NOT finish it, but I;'m not sure I wanted to.  Ladies, you'll love it.  Guys, try Secretary Gates' book or An Army at Dawn this summer...
Maybe my expectations were too high, or maybe just completely different, from what this book actually delivered. It was too slow for me, mostly because it was a lot of narration and internal thought and dwelling on personal problems.<br/><br/>The plot was interesting and the concept was good, but the details were slowly leaked out by three different narrators, all of whom were unreliable. Don't get me wrong - I like a well-done unreliable narrator. But this was a bit predictable and the end didn't even surprise me.<br/><br/>What kept me reading were the character studies of these three women. Each was really unlikable, in an intriguing, realistic way. I liked that, even when their actions annoyed the crap out of me.<br/><br/>I think a lot of people would enjoy this, but it just wasn't my kind of book.
I read the whole thing because it was my book club's monthly choice.  The first negative is that the names and characters were very confusing and difficult to keep track of who's who.  This clarified after the first several chapters.  The second negative is that I didn't like the main character at all.  She was such a wimp and complainer!  I don't like being around negative, complaining people, so reading a book full of "poor me" was not fun or entertaining.  I also figured out "who done it" rather quickly, so it wasn't much of a thriller.  The writing was average, so I didn't have to suffer through poor sentence structure or grammatical errors.  I wish I had borrowed it from the library rather than spending money on it.  I deleted it from my tablet immediately after the book club meeting.
I enjoyed the book, but would not want to read another one like it. It's dark and I think it's a bit depressing.
Just read the book. Don't read the reviews. Read th  book- quick before it's so popular that everybody spoils it
Kept me guessing right until the end. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good mystery. Fantastic read.
The reader becomes a voyeur into the life of a voyeur. The characters in this book are definitely out of the norm (I hope), each with some serious problems and some extreme behaviors. There is an air of mystery as I was almost reluctantly drawn into the story, wanting to know more about these creepy people and to learn what had actually happened to them, as the story unfolds from different perspectives. It would be impossible to lump any character into a category of either "good" or "bad," as (with all humans) each is a complex combination of both. All seem to be in need of a trusted friend,partner and/or counselor. But wait! These needs are being met by those types of people throughout the book - or are they? Is anyone truly worthy of trust? (Note: The sex and violence is not explicit.)
A very good read. Story is told by three female characters. Mood is ominous all through the book. Rachel is the main character. She is divorced from her husband who has remarried and has a daughter with his new wife Anna. Rachel is not able to accept her changed situation even though she initiated the divorce when she caught her husband red-handed with Anna. The marriage was falling apart even before as Rachel was not able to conceive. Rachel takes a train every day to London even though she has lost her job there. She watches her old house and a neighbor's from the train. She is able to observe what is going on the porches of these home. The couple in the neighboring house seem to be greatly in love until one day Megan the wife is found murdered. Murderer's identity remains secret almost until the end.
Not a lovable character any where in sight!  I was looking for some interesting plot twists or at least some interesting characters.  The plot sounded interesting and intriguing.  I wish I'd left it at just reading the book jacket.<br/><br/>The main character is completely unlikable.  I found myself caring less and less about her to the point of nearly not finishing the book.  The "woe is me" sad sack storyline compounded by the drunken blackouts just left me not really caring what happens.  I hate to sound unsympathetic because there are definite ways to make flawed characters relatable and sympathetic.  Cheering for the under dog and all that, but this book doesn't do it.<br/><br/>If you are looking for intriguing characters and plot twists, look somewhere else.  You will not find it here.
Just finished this book today. LOVE. Really blown away actually. I don't have the life where I can just ignore everything and read a book through in one day anymore, but if I did, I would have. This only took 4 days for me to read, which is quite the feat in my world. Excellent story line, excellent writing. Satisfying ending. Suspenseful. Engaging. I did "figure it out" semi-early, but I could never be entirely sure so that was very fun, too. Lots of little curves, everything quite plausible so that was a big bonus. I did see quite a few reviews that said this was good for "Gone Girl" fans and though I agree, I didn't think it was like Gone Girl at all in most ways but IS like it in that it is compelling and well written. I am very happy I read it, thank you Ms. Hawkins for a fun read!
Good opening, entices the reader into the story.  The three person narratives at times became confusing, especially if the reader put down the book and did not read it straight through, since there certain similarities in the character's traits. The author made good use of an ordinary circumstance of daily train riding to bring home a lot of good points.  The train is a metaphor for the lives of the three women in varying stages of decision making; Rachel caught in between life and destruction, Anna craving to move and Meghan who actually does make a move. I found their stories so intertwined for a while I thought they might be one woman with three personalities. I found the ending justified and was glad the author indicated the forward movement of the remaining characters. A good, light summer read.
I am not a fan of this budding genre (let's call it "The Gone Girl Genre") - it's just too gruesome.  I hated watching the Scott Peterson case unfold in real life, so not much interest in revisiting that same heinous theme in a book.  But I decided to give this a whirl because of how quickly the book skyrocketed into the #1 slot on Amazon, and all the great reviews.  After reading it I can confirm am still not a fan of the dysfunctional family crime drama and, for the first half of the book, I was definitely NOT a fan of the protagonist, who struck me as weak and insufferable.  However, I will say this:  the writing is quite good, there are enough plot twists to keep this very engaging, and there is even redemption for the main character.  Any other theme and this would be a four star review!
I loved this contemporary thriller so much more than some other current tales. We chose it for our Riverstone Book Club title for June. Once it got started and I oriented myself to the three POV characters, the story took off and I couldn't put it down. While reading the book It felt like I was solving a puzzle, and I loved the bittersweet payoff.<br/><br/>I discovered tons of deep internal issues between these three characters, Rachel, Anna, and Megan, that kept me guessing to the reveal at the end. I will say this - the way Hawkins tied up their loose ends made for a very satisfying read. Lots of heartbreak, suspense, and deep internal reflection about love, trust, and human interaction.<br/><br/>Definitely a good read.
Before the end of the book, I had figured out who the killer was, but it had taken me a while.  But even knowing that did not diminish the suspense in this book because I couldn't anticipate how it was going to play out.  I am not going to summarize the plot, but this book was different than anything that I have read, and I read a lot of police procedurals and murder mysteries.  I was intrigued by the blurbs about how the story was about a girl who viewed things from a train; when I am a passenger, I like to look in houses that I am passing and imagine what is happening.  What follows is plausible.  I took me a while to warm up to Rachel, and I can't say that I really liked any of the characters by the end of the novel, but there aren't too many books that I can't wait to get back to.  This was one.
I knew this story was not going to be pretty; after all, the main character is a pathetic drunk and a compulsive liar.  Every person in this sordid little drama has something to hide, and the book is written in such a way that the hidden parts don't fit together 'til the very end. The rotating viewpoints got to be tedious and confusing, especially since I wasn't able to read many chapters at one sitting. If you read this novel as an e-book, the repeated chapter headings with the same names will make it difficult to keep your place in the story line. I agree with many other reviewers; there was not a single character in this book that had any redeeming qualities. That said, I can't say I hated it; they all got exactly what they deserved from each other, as a bunch of scheming, selfish, violent liars.
I am always drawn to stories told in first person and this book is a great one.  The story as it unfolds, is told by the three women in it.  These are real women---flawed but so human.  One has a problem with alcohol, one a problem with restlessness and fidelity and one has compromised for security and a "dream" life.  You will find yourself annoyed with them at times and at other times cheering for their small victories.  The story involves a disappearance of one of the women and how the other women and the men in their lives are all drawn into the mystery.  The plot is intriguing and clever the way it unfolds.  It builds to a great ending that ties everything and everyone together.  All questions come together and are answered.  I couldn't put the book down until I found out what happened!
The Girl On The Train was a very good thriller. It can become a little confusing at times so I suggest reading it in a quiet place. Pay attention to the story and you will definitely find yourself flipping back through the book and checking if you read that correctly.<br/>It is exciting and builds up the pace even though there in an underlying somber tone throughout the novel. You can definitely label it a Thriller.<br/>There is a young lady that takes the train into work everyday. She passes by the same homes, every morning and evening. After witnessing a horrific crime, she finds her life turned upside down. There are many story lines intertwining through the novel and they all build up to a gigantic climax.<br/>I do not want to give anything away so I will keep the review as vague as possible.
Not worth the read.  Depressing.  Boring..  can not find fourteen words to describe how bad it is.  Bad bad bad
I thought the story could've moved along faster.  Sometimes it was the same story line so then I could skim it.
Very compelling! I couldn't put it down until I finished and knew how it ended. Great book! I highly recommend.
I couldn't put it down. The characters were all so pathetic but, interesting.  It kept me hanging till the end.
Great read.  Twists and turns, left and right.  This book keeps you surmising and guessing right up to the end.
I had a hard time getting into this at first, but I put it aside and went back a few weeks later. I just wasn't ready at first for the first-person accounts of all of the characters, written in present tense, it was confusing. But I decided to give this author a chance, so I went back to the first few chapters to see how she'd crafted the characters and dated the scenes. If finally fell into place, and I went right through it in a couple of days. I like the way she placed the blame, or allowed the reader to place blame, on other people, and finally when the true culprit came to light, I could breathe a sigh of relief, and was glad that people aren't always as they seem, and for the most part these characters had reasons for being the way they were. It's a well-written psychological drama/thriller.
Plot revolves around alcoholic, depressed and divorced women who is trying to recover her memory of a night when her neighbor disappeared and is now suspected to have been murdered. Did she do it?  How about the women's husband who she befriends? Or is it her ex-husband who has remarried, but had hired that woman as a nanny to look after his new wife and baby daughter? Chapters are divided between the backstory of the dead women with a checkered past, the thoughts of the wife that married her ex and her own search for the truth as she does nothing but drink and obsess about the dead woman. 2/3 through and the killer becomes obvious so no surprise ending.  Very short, uncomplicated tale of cheating spouses and domestic violence.  Not an original idea to be found here and the writing is amateurish.
This is dark. And it's depressing. And it's really creepy. The characters all have almost unfathomable problems that make your heart break. But once you start reading Paula Hawkins's "The Girl on the Train," all you will want to do is read.<br/><br/>This chilling book--combination psychological thriller and who-done-it--tells the story of three women and two men living in the London suburbs and the love, lies and jealousies that break them. Each chapter is told from the first-person point of view of one of the women. The writing is riveting and the plot compelling, and even when you guess "who done it," there are more twists and turns to come.<br/><br/>Advice: Take it to the beach or save it for a snow day when you can just give in and read for hours at a time. It's THAT good.
Ugh, the best part of this book is that it eventually ends and you feel better.  To me, the mystery notwithstanding, the hardest thing about this book was how incredibly hard it was to like ANY of the characters.  I find it very hard to read a book when I'm not able to really root for anyone.  But, I thought it was a decent enough mystery.  Didn't figure it out way in advance of the end but the possible murderers that the reader is supposed to suspect come across as so deliberately red herrings.  So it becomes a game of who's left after you eliminate the other possible suspects.  If this were not a book group selection I probably wouldn't have finished.  However, it gets two stars instead of one from me because at the end, I did develop some empathy for our drunken heroine.  So, there was that.
I am not fond of the writing style of flipping back and forth in time and having different chapters featuring different characters coming and going. I guess if you sit down and read the book in one night you can keep track but I ended up having to make a list of dates and characters since the story goes back and forth from one year to another - along with different characters coming and going.  Confusing to follow. That said, the plot is clever albeit I think confusing to follow. As the characters evolved I found the changes somewhat hard to believe.  For instance Rachel is an alcoholic, depressed, nonfunctional person but at the end she rises to become the heroine. this book was a selection for a book club I am in.  We haven't met to discuss it but I know one member couldn't put the book down.
I expected the reviews for the Audio Book version to address whether listeners felt hearing the story unfold on audio was a good way to follow the plot/action or whether they felt reading the book would be a better experience.  I personally thought that since every chapter began with a date, being able to flip through the pages of a book would be helpful to line up the dates.  I thought the narrator did a good job of differentiating the voices of the different characters.  As to the book itself, it could have used a little editing - it seemed to take too long to get where it was going.  I thought "Gone Girl" was better (also listened to the audiobook).  Honestly, I don't know why people enjoy stories of people being murdered.  I feel a bit dirty whenever I read one (which isn't often).
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN  by Paula Hawkins<br/>So, when I started this book I could not understand what all the fuss was about.  I am still ambivalent.  This is a good thriller that keeps you guessing at what is REALLY happening.  It is well written. The characters are interesting and challenging to understand.  The plot keeps one turning the pages. BUT… Is it a great book? No. It reminded me of the movie THE SIXTH SENSE. Once you learn the twist at the end, it becomes an interesting book that never needs to be read again.  A GREAT book can be read several times, each reading adding more to the characters, story, plotting, etc.<br/>If you are looking for a quick read that will keep you turning the pages and you can forget immediately after finishing – this is the book for you.<br/>3 of 5 stars
The lead character needed AA from page one, but her way of being useful to herself was by never giving up until she solved this mystery. She went about it every which way but right, and her alcoholism and self pity at times made you want to shake her and say "snap out of it"; but the twist at the end opened her eyes to her own life and maybe why she became the way she was. I would love to see maybe a sequel to this to see if she does turn her life around and live without the crutch of another man or of alcohol. All the women in this novel seemed to have their own demons to deal with one way or another but unfortunately one of them did not get a chance to "fulfill her destiny" as they say. All in all, very compelling mystery and a good read if you like a twist with your fiction.
It took awhile for me to understand the narration.  Just who was this Megan person anyway?? It was trying to read about an alcoholic who would voice the right things to do yet she would always do that which would damage her.  She really had no life of her own and lived in the past, bothering her ex husband and his wife, acting as if she were commuting work daily to avoid criticism from her landlord/roommate, dreaming about those people she saw in her old neighborhood as she rode the train.<br/><br/>It seems the rambling thoughts and actions would go on forever and without purpose.  Finally the fragmented thoughts and storyline started coming together and suspense began to build.  The last half was a good story but I did question myself for many pages as to why I was still reading this book.
The killer just HAD to monologue.  I hate that literary device.  It did keep me guessing until about 80% in.
At first I wasn't really involved, but soon had a hard time putting the book down...reminds me of Gone Girl.
While the plot had interesting moments it also had way too many twists and turns....hard to follow in parts.
I started reading this, but quickly grew bored - I didn't find it thrilling at all.  Just slow and...boring.
Good book I liked the writing style, and how it came together in the end it was a bit predictable earlier on
Although many reviewers have compared this book to last year's big hit "Gone Girl," I think "The Girl on the Train" is a much better read. First, despite the fact that the main narrator Rachel is an alcoholic, subject to terrible delusions and blackouts, she is far more reliable than even she gives herself credit for. Second, the action in this novel is a breakneck combination of physical, emotional and psychological and not deliberately manipulative and misleading as in "Gone Girl." And third, there are at least two sympathetic characters in this book that the reader can care about - I just hated ALL the characters in "Gone Girl!"<br/>This is not classic, great literature, but it is a really good energetic page turner - definitely a good read.
I just finished reading it. I feel torn. The comparisons to Gone Girl are right in a sense that the narrative of the story unfolds between a few individuals, allowing the reader to gain multiple perspectives on what is happening. That for me, is about where it stops. I loved Gone Girl and that twist took me by surprise and I was eager to see how it finished. This story however, wasn't near the same level. I had predicted within the last 100 pages or so who had done what (maybe no exact details of course, but as for as who did this to whom). So as the revelation was unfolding, I felt like it was too easy to solve. I like a good story that really catches you off guard, but this one didn't for me. I enjoyed it very much and would recommend it to read, but I desired a little more.
It was a good enough read to get through quickly, but I felt deflated at the end. It was all about affairs, promiscuity and alcoholism (and murder, of course). There were no likable characters here; even the cops were sleazy. It wasn't clear why Rachel lied so incessantly; it was unnecessary and only got her into more trouble. It just added to her already deeply flawed and unsympathetic character. And at the end, after the trauma she goes through, she miraculously sobers up. Seems like the opposite was more likely. The way it was written, with the back and forth first-person narratives, seemed a bit amateurish.<br/>The story was pretty good, and  some character development does occur. But I don't think it comes close to Gone Girl, as some of the reviewers have compared it to
I had previously read "Gone Girl" as a book recommended to me by a friend.  Liked the book but didn't think it was anything "great".  The Girl On the Train is great!!  Admittedly, I can be a bit of a snob when it comes to books.  I have "divorced" more than one book before reading even twenty pages - live is too short and there are too many truly good books to read.  An interesting and unpredictable plot is no longer enough to satisfy me as a reader.  I need smart writing and, frankly, a vocabulary that challenges me without being tedious.  The Girl On the Train is all of that and more - suspenseful with a unique storyline and human.  I have given it my highest endorsement - recommending it to my friends.  Waiting to hear more from you, Paula Hawkins.
This piece is a contemporary classic. A thriller from three different perspectives (sometimes confusing to follow) that ultimately finds parallels and a theme (we want to accept lies that confirm our beliefs) that is there from the beginning – who doesn’t want to believe scenes we observe from  train windows are of people with better lives than ours – to the surprising ending of who kills the murderer.<br/><br/>I’m not one to follow dates on chapters and the narratives become complicated the more we see how these different women end up with lives parallel to each other. But this is profound, disturbing and something that you can’t put down untill the final page.<br/><br/>Oh yeah, there’s lust, love, marriage and divorce, too.<br/><br/>J. Lehman. RosebudBookReviews.com
I read the Sample of this book and thought maybe, maybe not.  Then my daughter recommended it, so I started it again.  At first I was a bit put off by Rachel and her drinking but then it started to become a very important part of the story and I stopped thinking of all the people in my life she reminded me of and started getting caught up in the twists and turns Author Hawkins was leading me through and found myself anxious to get through each chapter and onto the next piece of the puzzle.  A few reviewers have compared The Girl on the Train to a Hitchcock Thriller and I wholeheartedly agree.  Not sure how good a movie this would make but I am sure that it is a Great Read.  Start it as soon as you can and be prepared to not want to do anything else until you finish.
"Life is not a paragraph, and death is no parenthesis"<br/><br/>If you are in the mood for a fast paced, on the edge of your seat mystery, The Girl on the Train is the perfect read.  I will admit that the beginning did start a little slow for me, but it didn't take long to pick up pace and then I found it hard to put down.  The story is told by three different women in different time frames.  Megan, Anne and the majority being told by Rachel.  It was hard to find a likable character in the book.  And though I started out not liking any of them, in the end I'm not sure if I actually liked them or just felt sorry for everyone.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train put me in mind of Gone Girl, with a much more appealing ending.<br/><br/>Great book!<br/>4 stars
I was personally recommended this book by a coworker and man am I glad that she recommended it! It is an amazing tale told from three different women's points of view. Rachel-a battered, alcoholic who was left by her husband for another takes the train everyday and imagines made up lives of people who live on the stops of the train. Megan-who suffers from guilt, anxiety and loss who tries to mask her pain in things she shouldn't. And Anna-a wife and mother who is trying to deal with her husband's ex all the while trying to be the perfect mother and beautiful wife. Their stories intertwine and lead up to a Saturday night when a great mystery happens. Filled with suspense, mystery, death and what real life throws at us "The Girl on the Train" is an excellent novel!!!
Initially, and up until about halfway through, I thought I would love this book a lot more than I did. The multiple narrators offered a unique perspective.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is an engaging and fast read with a steady pace, and for the most part, I did find it enjoyable. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a fast-faced thriller. And I much appreciated the EE Cummings reference towards the beginning!<br/><br/>However, I personally did not feel that the "twist" was all that surprising, and the ending did not leave me with a lasting impression. Many have compared this book to Gone Girl, but I found Gone Girl much superior. Gillian Flynn's writing is phenomenal, whereas I found Hawkin's writing just so-so and quite dialogue-heavy.
Even though the plot was convoluted  it was still predictable. Personally I would not recommend this book.
Excellent a little slow at the beginning but a great ending. This is going to be good on film.<br/>Get it
It definitely grows on you the farther you get into the book. Good read. Keeps you guessing until the end.
This book is still number one on best seller list.  Not quite sure why.  Too much "back and forth"
Found it a bit tedious.  Main character was whiney and repetative.  Could not in all honesty recommend it.
Slow. Characters were not developed enough. They were so shallow that I didn't care what happened to them.
The description and title drew me in and the book never let go of me till the last page. The characters are all imperfect, and identifying with them is difficult, but that just increases their intrigue somehow. By the end of the book, I'd become very attached to some of them. The writing is straightforward and clean, and the plot moves along at a good pace. Suspense builds especially towards the end the twist took me totally by surprise. But it made sense when I looked back...yeah, that was kind of suspicious, now I think about it; yes, I can see now how that happened. That sort of thing. It's a well-written thriller deserving of its good reviews. I'll be looking for more by this author.
I am still reading "The Girl on the Train" and enjoying it immensely, especially now that I understand that our protagonist Rachel is just one of several voices being heard. Chalk it up to my own sleep-deprivation or just inattentiveness but this simple fact eluded me and I actually thought for the first several chapters that Megan, Anna and the completely fictitious Jen were all projected personalities of crazy/drunk/depressed Rachel living vicariously through these other women. The story is very compelling and as others have said just screams "MOVIE!" but the reader really has to pay close attention to the chapter headings which will clue you in as to who's narrating, and the timeline which jumps all over throughout the course of several years.
When I first perused this book I was not impressed. But then last Wednesday came along and I had spent days preparing for a medical test and after that was done all I wanted was to get lost in a great book. Luckily I picked up The Girl on the Train again and was off and Running. A day later, I was done and completely satisfied with the talents of the author and wished I could hop into another one by her. Sadly, I have not found one yet. If you love to get lost in a powerful story with very well drawn characters and a stunningly artful plot with suspects galore except for the surprise ending, then be my guest. Buy your ticket today for a wonderful ride on the train of Hawkins Imagination and you too will take a trip via her talents which you will be grateful for.
This book is a huge best seller and when I asked for it at the library I was no. 11 on the queue--the highest number I can remember being on a request  list.  It is in alternating chapters telling of the events through the eyes of Rachel, (an alcoholic whose ex-husband [Tom] has married Anna,), Megan, who sometimes has babysat Tom and Anna's child, and Anna (who is bothered by her husband's adultery even though she had a long adulterous affair with him before they married).  The chapters by Megan cease about halfway through the book(for good reason).  None of the characters in the story have any regard for the Sixth Commandment and Rachel is an alcoholic and Megan is a nymphomaniac.  The book holds one's interest  but cannot be said to be especially memorable..
I did not like the plot, the characters, or the endless self analysis.  But, if the purpose was to get inside the confused tormented mind of an alcoholic, or other self addicted indulgent lives of routine pettiness, the author succeeded.  The novel was twice as long as it needed to be and did not flow well, thus drawing the reader into "muddled mind".....pure torture that I did not need.  I can not understand how this book gets such good ratings from the masses, which was the only reason I read it.  I could not finish the book even though I was at 80%,,,,,it was like "groundhog day", over and over, and over, ....I did not even care who did it, or what happened, I just wanted out of the trap.<br/>If you want an enjoyable read, find another book.
Drunken Heroines are not my personal cup of tea.  I have no patience with those who intentionally dull their senses and then expect the sober to worry and care about them.  This was not a bad book.  It read fast and your are interested as you are reading it.  It's hard for those people who have been "down the road" with a drunkard to feel any sympathy for the girl on the train.  Because of my personal feelings, I  almost did not say  anything at all on this novel but since it has topped the best seller lists for so long, I wanted to possibly warn off those who have the same problem as I do,  I'm not a teetotaler but just have no sympathy with the out of control types.  This ended up being way too personal and maybe that was a mark of good writing....RZ
The comparison between Gone Girl and this book is deceptive.  In my estimation, there was no comparison. The Girl on the Train is a book full of characters no one would care about under any circumstances.  The narrative moves from one loser to another in a slow plodding manner.  It took me about half way through the book to figure out who had done the murder.  None of the characters had any redeeming qualities nor were they interesting, intelligent or witty.  In order for a book to be engaging, at least one character should elicit some empathy or sympathy.  I could not relate to any of the characters on any level.  The story was just lively enough for me to stay with the book until the end, but anyone less patient would have chucked it long before the ending.
This is not a great novel. It meanders quite a bit and moved backward and forward in time, using multiple female first person voices that are sometimes hard to distinguish. But, it will hold your interest. They main character (Rachel) is flawed, and over time, while reading the book, you will find all five of the main characters very flawed in multiple ways.  In fact, after learning her history and what drove her to become a drunk, Rachel comes out as a bouquet of roses compared to the other two women (and obviously the other 2 men) in the story. It absolutely is nothing like Gone Girl, and nothing like a good Hitchcock piece, but it certainly is not as bad as some people are saying.
If you like Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window and other psychological thrillers in that genre, then you'll probably love The Girl on the Train. This is an excellent and superbly written book, amazing for a first novel.<br/><br/>But I didn't particularly like Rear Window (more boring than suspenseful, I thought), and I found it a bit hard to get through this book for the same reasons. Despite excellent writing and a great story, it moved so glacially slowly that I got bored and disinterested. Personally I'm more a fan of action thrillers, and this just had too many long stretches of nothing.<br/><br/>Still, it's a great book for those that like long-simmering suspense; so I rate it as 4 stars as a compromise between 5-star writing and 3-star interest for me.
The Girl On The Train was a really great story!  The author has a way of making you relate to very unlikable and undesirable people.  It was suspenseful, the writing was good and I didn't find a lot of typos or issues while reading this book.  I saw other reviewers that were very negative and claimed that "the author with-held important information and tricks you..."  And to that I say "So when reading every book ever, you go in with full knowledge of everything that is happening to all of the characters automatically - Or do you read and learn more information as you go???"  This book was no different than any other suspenseful, mysterious, fictional book I've read.  It was Thoroughly enjoyable --- READ IT!!  You won't regret it!  ~Niki Noel
My sister had raved about this book so I made it a point to buy it when a discounted price became available.  Hawkins writes well and her story is quite good but I have never met a bunch of less likeable characters.  Perhaps, as a very literal person, I missed her point if Hawkins intended to portray everyone so negatively, but I like at least one person to root for in a book.  The central character was incredibly weak and seemingly proud of her inablity to pull herself out of her neediness and addicton.  The other characters were angry, selfish, violent, and/or not terribly bright.<br/><br/>I will credit Hawkins with keeping the ending fairly opaque until near the end but this is not a book I particularly enjoyed.  Plus now I have to fib to my sister.
I read this book for my book club. Reviews compared it to Gone Girl, and while in the same genre, there is really no comparison.  I liked the way the story changed narration through out the book and I liked many elements of the story, but the characters were not likeable or admirable. Rachel was slightly sympathetic, but any chance of my getting on board with her ended with her continuous bad choices and decisions.  Towards the middle of the book I began to suspect "who did it" - but there were no clues apart from my natural suspicious nature.  I have thoughts on character developments which I am looking forward to discussing at my book group, but I would not call this a must read, and I am surprised that it is at the top of the best seller list.
Oddly, I found this novel hard to get into. I didn't relate to the main character Rachel and I found her weak.  It seemed like it would be a depressing choice, but slowly, like a train that starts off slowly but gradually build speed, I found myself drawn into the storyline. The author did a good job of explaining the relationship between the characters and the lines became less blurred. About quarter way into the novel, I finally got all of the characters straight.  I ended up enjoying the book very much and think it would make a great movie. Of course, some parts were pretty unbelievable to me.............some of the therapist's actions, Rachel going back to the old house so many times) but they added to the mystery.  It was suspenseful and satisfying.
Ugh. This book reminded me so much of Gone Girl. I think I'm one of the only people I know that hasn't liked either. Both of them I did finish because I wanted to know how they ended. This book was a little more satisfying at the end, but not by much. I found myself not LIKING any of the characters. I couldn't pull for anyone, because they were all so unlikable. In the beginning, the main character makes up stories about strangers she sees regularly. Who with an imagination hasn't done that? After that, the story becomes rather far fetched. If you're bored and need something to read because you've read all the books by your favorite authors, then try this. Otherwise, there are many better bets out there. I just finished What She Left Behind. Loved that!
I was excited to read this book because Amazon suggested it was similar to Gone Girl. However except for the multiple point of view format, the book is not great.<br/>I had to force myself to continue reading through the poor writing. I believe a good author would use descriptive words, not generalization of moods and character based on brands.( there was a lot of name dropping, was the author beings sponsored by these companies?)<br/>The book was shallow, the characters were shallow and I felt uncomfortable with the way women were depicted as weak victims and men as testosterone driven neanderthals.<br/>I loved the premise of the book, which is the only thing that kept me reading through the events and characters that were not clever or interesting.
I could not find one character to cheer for in any part of this story.  The plot is decent enough and the premise is interesting.  I gave it three stars instead of two because the writing is very good, plot twists keep the story moving forward (though many are not believable - but hey, this is fiction).  I prefer a novel that has at least one character (preferably the protagonist) that has likable attributes in one way or another and one that I care about.  The novel is told in the first person by three incredibly unlikable women. I think this book will make a better film, which is weird because it's usually the other way around with the book that's better than the movie. Since the film rights have already be snatched up by Time Warner, time will tell.
This is a riveting, mesmerizing book. The lead character, Rachel, is vividly drawn. She is fundamentally an alcoholic out of control. The novel relies on alternative chapters narrated by Rachel, Megan -- the victim -- and Anna who is married to Tom, Rachel's ex-husband. These chapters drive the plot, but are also internal monologues. At times Rachel and Megan sound somewhat alike in their unhappiness, but Megan has a far more promiscuous past. As with the women, there is an overlap between Tom and Scott, Megan,s surviving husband and a main suspect of her murder. Rachel's often bumbling attempt to solve Megan's murder reflects her often equally bumbling attempt to achieve sobriety. But, . In the end it is Rachel's wonderful imagination that prevails.
It just drags on and on and on and on.  Have only read one of her other books and have the same comment.
Poorly written.  Confusing.  I was 3/4 through the book before it got interesting.  Would not recommend.
Failed to keep my interest.  These people were just flat out nuts!  I'm sure the author could do better.
The beginning gets old.  I kept waiting for it to get better, it does not.  All the characters are weak.
Keeps you hooked from the start.  If you liked "Gone Girl" (and who didn't?), you'll like this!!
I couldn't put it down. Actually, I got the audio also, so I could keep up with my chores as I listened.
This was a great book.  Didn't know who did it until the end of the book.  This would make a good movie.
Remember your English teacher talking about 'unreliable narrators' ? From Gatsby to Gone Girl, if done right, it makes for a fabulous book. Well, Hawkins gets it right. Rachel has our sympathy, and exasperation, but we KNOW she drinks too much and obsesses over her ex. Megan and Anna are the other two we hear directly from, and while they're a little wacky, we know who we can trust and who we cant....right? The incessant comparisons to Gone Girl irritated me so much that I put off reading this, but I have to say, in many ways The Girl on the Train is the better book. I love the cold bloody, creepy ending of GG better but this was more real, which made it worse---and better.
I read this book on a friend's recommendation and because of the in-the-works movie by the same name. (Although a book is almost always better than the movie, the decision to make a movie is not always an accurate way to assess a book!)<br/><br/>I don't think there is a single likeable character in the book. Not one.  As a result, I remained a disinterested spectator through most of the book.  (Surely there could have been a few good things about at least one of the morally-compromised characters in this story! ) It isn't until the very end of this book that the pace of the story held my interest -- and even then I found myself not really caring what happened to anyone.<br/><br/>Slow going for a book described as a "fast-paced" thriller.
I've never wanted to bitch slap a story character so badly and i don't believe in violence.  I was rooting for Rachel but she was a hot mess.  Is it possible for a person to be that herp derp?  I cringed at her repeated socially awkward behavior and situations she put herself in.  Yes we have all been fools for love but Rachel groveled to new depths.  I am not familar with severe alcoholism but her constant blackouts became annoying.  I was hoping Rachel would adopt some real detective skills and her mission would inspire her to grow a spine but that never materialized.  The foundation of the story is enticing and I kept thinking any minute it was going to kick into overdrive, instead the book stayed in third grear grinding to a petered out finale.
I got this book to satisfy my need for another Gone Girl –type of thriller to read with my mother this summer. This fit the bill.  I’m usually the type of person who can’t predict an ending in a mystery and I’m almost always surprised with where it goes. Not so with this book. The plot is not too complicated, so it’s perfect for laid-back summer brain where you might not be completely engaged every time you pick up the book. Prepare yourself for a main character that you will not like. This makes the story itself shine more than the main character, which is a very interesting. Also, the main idea of the story – witnessing something on a train and then inserting oneself into the drama is a great premise. Overall, a good book and a great summer read.
This was my first Kindle book, so it was novel for me to read on the Kindle.  I found it difficult to empathize with a woman who was obviously an alcoholic as we have been dealing with a difficult family situation involving an alcoholic relative.  But, because of this, I could understand her memory lapses, her need for the drinks, her obsessions  and her blackouts, but it was a stretch to make her the heroine.<br/> Moving between times with just a date as a chapter head was a bit confusing.  I don't know the city and physical locations, so that led to more confusion.  Because I used the Kindle and wasn't familiar with all its features, I might have enjoyed the physical book more, so I could go back and forth a little easier and do some re-reading.
Dear Karen Celesnik,<br/>You recently initiated a process to reset your password or unlock your Apple ID. Click the link below to continue.<br/>Reset Password or Unlock Apple ID ><br/>This link will expire three hours after this email was sent.<br/>If you didn’t make this request, it's likely that another user has entered your email address by mistake and your account is still secure. If you believe an unauthorized person has accessed your account, you can reset your password at My Apple ID.<br/>Apple Support<br/><br/>My Apple ID | Support | Privacy Policy<br/>Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, United States.‏ All Rights Reserved.<br/>A bit it confusing at first, but got much better after about 75 pages.
The explosion in this book happen because Megan decides to do the right thing.....she decides to tell * the truth....to do the "right thing"....and thereby seals her end.  How many times have we lied.....yet managed to walk out of a situation intact because of lying?  Do we actually want truth.....or simply to be told what we want to hear?  The confrontations in this book lead to death......just like they do in real life!!  We all represent ourselves in the best possible light...just like Tom or Scott did....and in romantic situations, we see the best in our partner.  This gave a great picture of marriage - when children, conflicts, anger, resentment, etc., take the bloom off the rose.  The mask was off in the confrontations..............
The blurb for this book describes a riveting, fast paced and suspenseful story on par with "Gone Girl."  I don't think this book is anywhere near as good as that book, nor is it very suspenseful.  The end of the book is surprising, and I thought the book was good enough that I wanted to finish reading it through to see how everything ends.  But I didn't find it a page-turner at all.  I also found it hard to read so much detail about how the main character, Rachel, devolves further and further into alcoholism.  It's a bit excessive and trails on a little too much, for too long, in the story.  I didn't dislike the book, I've just read books that are... more exciting, more educating, more detailed, more complex, better developed, you get it.
I purchased this book for a book club I joined and needless to say I finished it before the set date we were to discuss it. This story kept my attention from beginning to end. I loved how the story is told from the three women perspectives so you gain a full understanding of how they are connected. For a while I had a couple people in mind as the murders when I got closer to the end and realized neither of the people I suspected to be the murderer I was quite surprised. I read a couple reviews stating that they expected the story to end the way it did but I beg to differ. I didn't feel like this was a typical story of love and betrayal. If you do decide to read this book I honestly don't think you will be disappointed because I certainly wasn't.
I absolutely loved this book. If you are a lover of suspense and page-turning clever writing, then you will love this book. The book is a bit dark and depressing, which I happen to love because books with these characteristics tend to reel me in. The main character, Rachel, is a pitiful woman with some serious issues. However, I felt my heart going out to her and I wanted her to be victorious. I love the great character development and I love how Hawkins describes everything in such detail. I felt like I was the girl on the train at times! I could just picture everything in my mind so well. I found this book to be a real page turner and I found myself not wanting it to end!! Yes, it was THAT good! I think it would make a fantastic movie as well!
This book has no redeeming qualities. It's premise is silly and sophomoric. To have others call it "Hitchcockian" is insulting. Every character in the book is devoid of any thing approaching humanity. From the main characters to the secondary, from the good guys to the bad guys they are alike in that they are all  weak, whiny, disreputable and without any morals or ethics and so boorishly depicted that you simply cannot care about anyone in the story. You quite simply can only hope for a virus to come along early in the story and wipe out everyone involved. The virus would be more interesting and have more "humanity" than the people in this novel. If they make this into a movie I hope they add Ebola so I have someone to root for.
I just finished the novel this morning, and know I'm in the minority, but don't consider it a thriller by any means, more a pseudo psychological suspense quick read tale. I  found the style irritating, the characters not fully fleshed out, but was ultimately drawn in enough want to know the outcome though I guessed the "bad guy" fairly early on as I presume readers who read really well done, literate mysteries will. Ultimately, I find myself especially sympathetic toward Rachel, because I understand to what extent emotional abuse can drive one, to a lesser degree the other two women when the emotional distress they endured was ultimately made known. All in all I didn't enjoy the book and am unlikely to read this author's work in future.
Gripping story, book counterpart to "film noir," I guess is how I'd describe it.  I read this on my Kindle, and unfortunately the shift from one character's narrative to another's did not catch my attention until late in the story, because the name of the character providing the narration was so faintly imprinted at the top of that narrative, and that led to some confusion along the way.  Some readers will no doubt say that the saga is over-written and repetitive.  Still, the story has interesting twists and turns, and conveys a strong sense of what it's like to struggle with alcoholism and depression and the manner in which those maladies manifest themselves in relationships.  Of course, some potential readers might be put off by that.
This is a classic whodunnit with a slightly different twist. Instead of having the narrator be a police investigator or someone having a direct connection to the people involved, the story is told from the point of view of a woman who sees the lives of the main characters from her commuter train as she passes by them on her way to work. Eventually her life becomes intertwined with the people she sees from the train. Everything unfolds as she not only tries to unravel the main mystery but also how to handle her own inadequacy and personal demons. It's a good read and I can see why it has been number one on the NYT bestseller list for awhile now. It's not the greatest book ever written but it's sure to entertain especially if you like this genre.
I LOVE to read.  I love all types of books for various reasons.  So when I felt this negative of a reaction I decided to write the review I wish<br/>I would have seen.  This story can be told in about 40 pages.  However, it goes on and on and on and on... I have never left a book unfinished, so I pushed through hoping and hoping for some action or a story line I did not see coming on page 10.  If you want a book that is similar to Gone Girl- keep looking.  This one is not it!  Too much time is spent through the eyes of a character(s) that at best annoy you.  I would have been happy with one character that possessed any thing that I could connect to- good or bad.  Nothing, just half developed characters that leave the reader no one to root for.
A triangle of three couples whose lives intertwine. A woman  creates a fantasy about a young couple that she sees from the train she rides every day.  She herself is recently separated, so this provides an interesting backstory. So does the change of point of view, when the fantasized characters become the narrators and talk about their real lives. I kept thinking it would get better. Every main character develops somewhat in the story...but only for the worse in terms of gaining my sympathy. Then back and forth from one house to another to discuss relationships.  So many chapters mentioned drinking, getting drunk, stumbling and falling down, that the murder and subsequent revenge only served to break up the monotony of most of the story.
This came with great reviews form 2 friends but I just couldnt get into it Just wasnt my kind of book.
...but quite a twist. Take the time to make it through the first few chapters. You'll be glad you did.
Book was boring. Took forever and was hard to follow at times. I skipped just to get to the main point
I found this book hard to put down. I read it in 2 days and got very little sleep but it was worth it.
I wasn't invested in the character, however the end was strong and surprising, which saved my opinion.
Such a great book! If you liked Gone Girl, you'll love this book! It keeps you guessing until the end.
This book makes Gone Girl seem like a nursery rhyme. GREAT. Read it in 48 hours. Couldn't put it down.
Because of chronological shifting of the stories among the three narrators, it takes a little patience,to get into the flow of the main plot. It is a challenging novel to read, but in hindsight the necessity of the character development in the early stages provides an essential foundation for drama and suspense as the plot unfolds. In a modern British setting among ordinary people, with their flaws gradually revealed, each of the narrators exhibits or describes a range of distinctly different forms of dysfunctional behavior. As the story unfolds, it becomes more and more difficult to put the Kindle down. This author has a gift for understatement, narration and plot development that causes me to look forward to enjoying her other works.
This story is very dark, there is no lightness to it. It does seem very real. It delves into the black hole that the alcoholic lives in. Life seems hopelessly complicated and there is nothing positive in the future, when you are suddenly in the middle of a murder. I usually pride myself on figuring these things out before most, but not here. There were too many twists. I like the way the story was told from several perspectives. It is more interesting that way. The villain uncannily reminds me of a  sociopathic person I know personally and the author is spot on in the descriptions of how one person's mental ok illness can ruin several lives. A very good work.
This was highly touted and I did like it, listening to the Audible version on my morning walks. It was well narrated. At first it was hard to care about this young woman who had totally lost her sense of self respect and was basically a desperate drunk. But as the story unfolded and she observes a couple in the house down the street from where she used to live, she fantasizes about their life as she fakes going to work on the train to the city. She is living with a friend since her husband left her but doesn't want her to know she has lost her job.<br/>I was involved in the characters and felt sorry for this pathetic woman who can't seem to face reality and get her life together. I would recommend book. It does twist toward the end.
This is a self-absorbed, wordy picture of a poor lost soul. I refuse to read beyond this point - done
Even though this book was supposed to be better than "Gone Girl", it did not even come close.
Couldn't put it down, loved it from the first page. You'll laugh and cry and be pissed off and cheer.
How was this a best seller?  I hated it. It's dark and depressing, and it made me sick to my stomach.
I am at a loss why everyone is raving about this book and find it "hard to put down."  Rachel is exhausting - at first you feel sorry for her and empathize with her, but after about 100 pages of her grasping at her formal life while she is constantly drunk - it gets old really quick.  Anna is a the girl we all hate - loving playing the mistress and enjoying every second of knowing she is stealing a married man.  Megan is just a clingy train wreck, and the men are all portrayed to be scary/sleezy.  Like Gone Girl, there really isn't one character that you can actually like let alone root for.  Halfway through the book I guessed the ending...there is only a handful of characters, so it's not hard to figure out where this is going. Zero twists, worst boring "suspense" (I use the term loosely) book....can't believe they are making this into a movie!
Now I see why The Girl On The Train is this year's Gone Girl.  Rachel rides the train daily to London, watching one particular couple as she passes their house.  She playfully names them Jess and Jason and creates their own perfect fantasy marriage.  But one day, the lady of the house is nowhere to be seen.  Rachel suspects foul play.  She confronts the police and nearby neighbors.  There's one huge catch: Rachel has a drinking problem.  She's an unreliable witness, and has an ugly past with the neighborhood.  If she keeps prying, Rachel could become the next headline.<br/>  Written from the perspective of Rachel, Anna and Megan, Hawkins displays her Train ladies as journal entries, taken in morning and evening segments.  Will anyone ever believe Rachel, especially the fateful night she can't quite remember?  Is Anna really the sweet, caring, overprotective mom?  And what about Megan, the missing artist with the twisted past?  Hitchcock in its styling, with enough red herrings to open an aquarium, and a tarnished heroine the reader can root for, The Girl On The Train is well worth the ticket. I can't wait for the movie!
This book is OK, but not much more.  The style in which the book is written is confusing initially.  It is told from the perspective of 3 separate female characters, each with alternating chapters.  I had a hard time keeping track of who was telling the story in the initial chapters.  The main character in the book is not at all likeable.  Really, none of the characters are likeable.  I never found myself caring about the outcome.  I trudged through it just because I have a hard time not finishing something I've started.<br/>The book does make a good point, though, that you can never really know what someone else's life is like.  Everyone has their own set of issues, no matter how perfect their life may appear from the outside.
I couldn't put this book down. Let's put it this way, I didn't even come on here to write a review originally, I was coming to find similar books and other books by the author. It keeps you guessing until the very end. At first I wasn't a fan of the skipping to different characters and the jumping back and forth in time but at the end I really appreciated it because it makes it all the more interesting. it's a reverse onion, adding each layer until the complete picture is there. It gets better as the book goes on and just when you think you've solved it, you realize how wrong you are. Who ever has a bad thing to saw about this book either didn't finish it or read something else entirely because it's great. Absolutely fantastic!
I like to believe what I read even if it is fiction.  It was hard to believe there could be real people with so much emotional damage as the characters in the novel.  Unfortunately, the nightly news reminds us there are.  The story is like a cork-screw with many twists and turns right up to the final pages which ends like a thrilling movie rather than insightful literature.  However, this seems to be the direction of novels of various genre the last few years which makes me feel some authors are writing with an eye on the big screen.  As a psychological crime novel without an obvious detective and several suspects, it kept me guessing and I rated it as "good".  Be careful out there: reality may be stranger than fiction.
I really wanted to love this book.  The premise was so intriguing....girl riding on the train inventing lives for the occupants of the houses she passes every day.  As the story unfolds about the girl on the trains past relationship with these houses I felt a little set up.  Some of the twists were true twists and the identity of the "bad guy" was initially surprising.  If this book had ended differently I would have had a better reading experience but it stepped into a very unbelievable set of behaviors that sapped the energy from the book.  The Girl on the Trains character was not as developed as it could have been.  I did enjoy the different voices the story was told from as we got to know more about the characters.
I need a break from damaged girls after the summer reading. I waited 3 months for my turn for the kindle copy at my library and then it was done in a few hours.<br/><br/>The characters are very real and believable. The story moves well. Should we be concerned for the author who can write about personality disorders so convincingly ? To understand that desperation in trying to fit in and never being quite good enough? Having that level of shame and self loathing ?<br/><br/>A well run story..moves at such a break neck speed. I just finished it and am wondering how the characters are doing.. are they ok?<br/><br/>Isn't that the hallmark of a well told story?  I can't wait to read more by Ms. Hawkins. Excellent job, thank you.
This one kept me turning the pages.  It presents you with a cast of characters who's lives have touched.  They are all woven together by the relentless imagination of one alcoholic and tragically lonely women, Rachel.  While you know that she has an active imagination you go right along with her as she attempts to make sense out of her rudderless life.  She manages to drag her ex-husband and his family into her drama and a couple that lives a few doors down as well.  Every day brings just a little more information to the light.  But what is true and what has her mind made up?  It is a page turner and when one of the characters goes missing it keeps you up at night trying to reach the conclusion.  A good one.  Well worth it.
Totally enjoyed it....couldn't put it down, every chapter had a different twist!
Every one of the main characters in this book is not what they seem.  With lots of craziness evident in the behavior of several of them, it soon becomes clear why a psychiatrist is a central character.<br/><br/>But nothing is simple or easily explained.  The original premise of a young woman watching a couple in their back yard as her commuter train goes by daily and imagining their life together quickly turns into a complicated involvement into those lives.  With a haze of alcoholism clouding her memories and her judgements, she becomes dangerously entangled before she is able to figure out who is truly evil.<br/><br/>This story kept me on the edge of my seat and I predict it will have the same effect on most readers.
The premise of the book is interesting and I was drawn in by the Kindle sample, but the book became very tedious, with the focus on the angst of the female characters, and in particular the main character who repeatedly makes bad life choices.  As a man, I couldn't relate to the female main character's constant introspection, and the weakness of her character.  At times the book read as though it were a warning about alcohol addiction.<br/><br/>I do like a thoughtful psychological thriller with well-drawn characters, but I found the characters in this book to be too shallow and singularly focused, which meant that I couldn't identify with them.
You never know what's coming next and have to keep reading so as not to lose the excitement to come.
Seems to drag on through the middle of the book.  The ending is surprising and moves at a good pace.
The Girl on the train<br/><br/>I was a little confused at the beginning of this intriguing story, but once I was able to identify each individual character the way the author had intended to portray them I was on a roll.<br/><br/>As the story begins to unfold and the secrets,  lies and deceptions come to light through this well written storyline it became impossible to put the book down.<br/><br/>I was totally captured in the whole thrilling,  captivating suspense, the twists turns right to the very end, and once you begin to understand each individual character you will then be totally hooked as the story unfolds and the killer is revealed.<br/><br/>Definitely worth the read.<br/><br/>Loved it Paula, nice work.
I like that the killer is totally someone different than you'd expect and that it is written from three perspectives. Would definitely recommend hardcover or paperback rather than kindle as the dates bounce around. It was a little hard to read about the constant drunkenness and alcoholism, and this made it a little frustrating in the first half from Rachel's perspective, because all I could think was get it together! But as someone who is trying to understand the disease of alcoholism and addiction for a family member in my own life it was helpful to sort of see their struggles, self-loathing, and first hand disease. It sets the book up brilliantly as to how/why the killer did what he did. Excited to discuss at book club.
Started off really absorbing, made you eagerly look forward to unraveling the mystery. The author did a good job letting you into the muddled mind of the depressed and lonely main character, Rachel. Her alcoholic stupor seemed realistic and you felt sorry for her.The other two female narrators' point of view kept up the intrigue. But towards the end, all three revealed themselves to be ditzy losers, making unbelievably stupid decisions. The villain was a surprise, but such an over the top character - it played out like a bad Lifetime TV movie. There were a few loose ends that didn't get wrapped up properly, like the psychologist. I still can't tell if one of the characters slept with him or not. The ending blew it for me.
I finally had to stop reading this book, a rarity for me.  I generally slog on, figuring that eventually everything will come together and it will be worth the parts I didn't enjoy.  This book, however, just didn't engage me.  I didn't like the characters and I couldn't get into the story.  I've read a lot of books where the protagonist's self destructive behavior and addictive personality are woven into the story.  However, in this case, she just seems sort of pathetic; I can't work up any empathy for her and finally, I just didn't want to read any more about her.  The other characters were sort of slimy as well.  Obviously others don't share my view of this book, but hey, that's why we have so many authors in the world!
Two reasons why I highly recommend this book:<br/><br/>1)  This is the first book that I have read in its entirety since my baby was born several months ago.  It is so good that I found myself sneaking in a read in the middle of the night, while my baby was napping, and at other inconvenient times. I just couldn't put it down and I finished it in two days.<br/><br/>2) This is also the first book in at least a decade that really surprised me.  I could not guess who the perpetrator was until it was given away.  I love that.  I am normally very, very good at seeing where a plot is going.  The author did a great job at throwing out tantalizing but misleading clues and writing a complex, but not needlessly confusing book.
I was hesitant to order this book - the title didn't do anything for me. then I saw it was number one on the New York best sellers list so I tried it. I really enjoyed it and had very mixed feelings regarding the characters and their stories. I like the way it ended and that was a surprise. I was intrigued by the authors look into others' lives as the train passed their living space. I loved looking in windows as I passed peoples houses as a kid while a passenger in a car. It was interesting to imagine what their lives were like and I loved the imagination of Paula's couple  that could be seen from the train window.<br/>I also liked that the protagonist was a sloppy drunk that I both felt sorry for and was disgusted by.
I loved it at the beginning, but was less impressed as I continued reading. Yes, it was a quick read, even a page-turner, and unlike a lot of readers, I didn't figure out who killer was until it was revealed. I've read other websites in which readers suggest actresses to play the roles of the three women. Trouble is many young  actresses could have played any of the parts, by the end I could hardly tell one from the other. They all spoke with the same voice. This is going straight to Lifetime.<br/>Another problem for me was Rachel's repeated drinking. The sad truth is drunks are just BORING. However, I'm upping my 3.5 rating to a 4 simply because I was intrigued by gin-and-tonic in a can. Is this available in the U.S.?
This book is absolutely riveting. It is one of the best mysteries I have read in a long time. The writing drew me in from the very first page and I could hardly put the book down after that. Anyone who likes books by Tess Gerritsen will love this book. I liked the character of Rachel, even though she could be so exasperating. While the other characters were a bit less likeable, I could emphasize with them. The ending was a surprise to me, which was nice. I don't like to figure out " who dunnit" halfway through the book. I cannot speak to the comparison to Gone Girl. I saw the movie and thought it was just awful, so I never read the book. I highly recommend The Girl on the Train, and do look forward to the movie.
This book was chosen by my book club as the next "Gone Girl". I was excited to read a mystery and pleased that it was set in London. However, the book moved very slow and I never connected with any of the characters. I was hopeful that by the halfway mark one of the characters would have some redeeming qualities, and I could connect to them. I never found this to be the case and disliked all the players of the intertwining stories. Needless to say if it was not for this being required reading for book club I would not have finished the book. I wish I had not paid for the "pleasure" of reading this terrible book, but at least the Kindle version was cheap. I do not recommend this book unless you want to be bored to sleep.
I don't read a lot of fiction, but this book (which was advertised on my Kindle) intrigued me.  Having read a couple of reviews, I also noticed that my close friend read the book from a library.  My one complaint is that it is at times become hard to follow.  It is written from the viewpoint of two - then three - women.  At first, it is not clear who you are reading about.  However, this does eventually become quite clear.  The author weaves a fascinating story.  I would compare it to my favorite fiction author, Tami Hoag.  While Ms. Hawkins' book is not quite up to Ms. Hoag's stories, it is still very good.  I do look forward to reading more of Ms. Hawkins' books.  And, I'm sure that this novel will make a great movie.
Beware, before you know it you will be sucked into this story and won't be released until you read the last page. Even then, you'll be thinking of the story long after reading the last page. In the beginning, it was a little difficult to determine just who was narrating and about whom but the writing was such that you kept going. I would imagine most people who ride a train or bus that stops routinely, fantasize about the people they see or who lives in the homes they pass. This story takes that premise one step further when one of the people disappears. The prose is easy to read, descriptive with good character development and the plot twists and turns may give you whiplash. The Girl on the Train is a really good read.
It took me awhile to get the 'feel' of this novel . . . truthfully, I had to start over and take notes until I figured out how the time bounced around, and why.  Then, it all made perfect sense.  It's a wonderful book, very well crafted.  Ms. Hawkins is very skillful in describing the "blackouts" of the alcoholic Rachel; either her research on the subject was stellar, or else she has experienced someone with a drinking problem firsthand.  It's also significant that the characters doing the "telling" were the three women, and the men don't get a voice.  Some surprises there . . . I did not figure out the twists and was quite floored at the ending . . . . would love to hear the author talk about the TRAIN.
At times I enjoyed this book at other times I was frustrated. It definitely is a good thriller and the plot twists were interesting and challenging. However, spending most of the book inside the minds of three extremely unrelaible narrators and having to wade through their thought processes was tedious at times. There was so much irrational/dysfunctional thinking! It reminded me of watching grade B slasher movies where the herione is always doing something stupid and you want to scream "don't do that!" As other reviewers have said it's hard to like anyone in this book except maybe the therapist (and even he made some highly questionable choices.) I can see why it's so popular though, because it is a page turner.
The Girl on the Train made my head hurt (in a good way). Are our memories always accurate? Do we ever lie to make ourselves look better? Do we look at other peoples lives and think we know how they act at home? This book puts those theories to the test. Everyone in this book has lied. Only when the truth is unveiled do we see all the deceit and ugliness. The main character, Rachel, is an alcoholic that has black outs. She has an ex husband and gets fired from her job. She is pathetic and a bit crazy. I enjoyed her character the most.<br/><br/>People have compared this book to Gone Girl, but I don't really see a comparison. I hated Gone Girl, but really enjoyed this novel. My advice is to read it and see for yourself.
The comparisons between this book and Gone Girl make no sense at all.  Yes, the primary female characters are flawed, unreliable narrators and you're not really sure what's going on, but the similarities end there. And I'm not even trying to claim Gone Girl is any kind of literary masterpiece, but it is suspenseful and has great characters.<br/><br/>The characters in this book are not even good.  They're all unlikable, but they're also characters I don't care about, don't care about their motivation or even what happens to them.  At all.<br/><br/>The storyline is weak.  Both the points of view and the timeline jump back and forth, making the plot disjointed. The writing is weak, too.<br/><br/>And there are typos.
Despite a rather depressing primary narrator, I enjoyed it. I thought it was highly readable. The problem with calling any book "the next ______" is the reader has an expectation for the direction the story will go in. After reading several times that this was THE NEXT GONE GIRL, I knew multiple characters would not be as they appeared, people would be hurt by sociopathic loved ones and the murder would not be straightforward. In a way it ruins the surprise twist because the reader is waiting for it the whole time. Still a good story but I have to wonder if I would have enjoyed it more if I hadn't been constantly comparing it to Gone Girl....especially since in the end, the books really were not that similar.
I typically don't read bestsellers, because I want to give my time to relatively unknown authors who are struggling to get their books into the hands of readers. However, my book club recommended The Girl on the Train and I didn't want to comply so I read it. OMG! I haven't put it down in the last three days and it took me three days only because of work obligations. There are so many reasons why I loved this book. First, technically it is superb! Second, the transition of Rachel is exactly how it should of been stronger, but still flawed. Anna, the one person she hates and desperately doesn't want to have something in common with now shares a forever bond. The book was exceptional! Congratulations to Paula Hawkins!
I thought the story was all mixed up and at the end I didn't quite know what to think so I gave up.
we know she was a drunk.  we know she drank.  Not a well developed book.  There are better authors.
I thought it was very boreing, and for me it took over 65% of the book to relate to the characters.
It took me quite a while to realize what was happening.  I enjoyed the last half but not the first.
Thought it was too drawn out. Got bored but I did finish as I wanted to know "who done it?"
I just finished "The Girl on the Train", and I found it to be a fun book to read.  Not fun in a happy sense, because it is not a happy story, but fun in the clever and unique way the novel is structured.  I won't go into its structure in detail, as many of the other reviews here do that very well.<br/><br/>Having praised the book, I will now say that I thought that the way Rachel suddenly became effective and decisive at the end of the book after hundreds of pages documenting her dysfunction, was not credible.  I just wish the author had taken the trouble to achieve the denouement she wanted without having a key character undergo a sudden and unbelievable transformation.<br/><br/>Still, worth the time.
For at least half the book, I kept wondering 'what's all the hype about'? The beginning was slow, the main character was not someone I could identify with nor even like, and the story seemed to drag painfully along. I figured out the villain early in the second half, but at least the story -and the main character- got a bit more interesting after that. Near the end, I felt compelled to keep reading, wishing the entire book had been as interesting.<br/><br/>I think I would have enjoyed the story much better if the heroine (I use the word lightly) had not been a drunk, and if the book had been paced faster and didn't drag out so long.<br/><br/>Overall, 3 stars, most of them earned in the last quarter of the book.
The book was intriguing. However, I figured out the villain almost immediately and so the rest of the book at that point was just a confirmation of what I already knew. While I agree that main characters are more realistic if their flaws are revealed as well as their good characteristics, I was very irritated at this main character's stupidity in so many ways--overconsumption of alcohol, refusal to listen to advice from friends, repeated visits to areas where she was forbidden to appear, etc. She just made terrible choices, and that made her less sympathetic to readers, I felt. In the books I read, I want to support and cheer on my main character. I just wanted to scold this one for making bad choices all the time.
Girl on the Train was a fun, easy, fast read. I was guessing till almost the very end (about 8 minutes from the end to be precise) and it was certainly surprising and well paced. I think it could have developed some of the characters a little more, like Anna, who is a side figure until near the end. She's one that I'd have liked to hear more about. I think the main character, Rachel, was really awesome- complex, difficult to like, weak, strong, infuriating and unpredictable- like a real person. The author did her story well. The other characters were a bit flat compared to her, like foils to her solidity.<br/><br/>All that said, I thoroughly enjoyed this book and would recommend it as a very good airplane read.
At first I wasn't sure I'd like the book, as it started quite slowly and almost burdensome at times. But I stuck with it, and I'm glad I did! As the author gave us more details about each character, she started weaving the web that eventually trapped me and I was hopelessly and deliciously entangled. As she fed more and more details, the story took many right and left turns, and each time I thought I'd solved the mystery another detail was leaked and I found I was completely wrong. I could not help but finish the shocking climax in one sitting, each event unfolding at just the right place, finishing with the most unlikely heroine saving the day. Get and read this book - and be prepared for good ride. All aboard!
Dark, desolate, depressing - all of these adjectives fit this story perfectly, but it is also compelling. No matter whether or not the reader enjoys every part of it - and I often didn't - one can't resist an urge to finish it to see what happens, and the conclusion is well worth the read. The author has managed to intrigue until the very end, and offer a finish that is totally unexpected. Well worth the time and effort. The only criticism I have is one I have made for many recent best-sellers. Despite a compelling story and intricate plotting, the story does lack one thing: a likable protagonist. I could not rustle up a single ounce of sympathy for Rachel, but I did hope there was some hope for her in the end. I'm wondering if it's just me, or if the newest "in" thing really is to write about people that no one really likes - or is it rather that the prevailing opinion is that none of us are particularly admirable human beings?  Dark times we're living in, I'm thinking.
Why are so many people reading this book?  I wanted to find out, only to be disappointed.  The three principal women<br/>characters have too much in common.  If you weren't told who was talking you'd mix them up from time to time.  The author's<br/>voice dominates her characters which may not be noticeable to others but intrudes on the originality of the women involved.<br/>So it all gets down to who committed the crime?  Page by page you go along reading endlessly about Rachel's bouts with drinking,<br/>or Megs cheating heart or Anna's anger at Rachel.  The men are no winners either.  But the plot is refreshingly original and the writer's skill at plotting makes you keep reading.  The book is a fast read.
If you're looking for an easy, enjoyable read without too much depth, this book is for you.<br/><br/>A decent novel by anyone's standards. Well written with the right amount of humor and wit. (British humor and language is always something I enjoy -- a break from the norm.)<br/><br/>However, I don't see what all the rave is about. It's another Gone Girl in style and plot. Don't get me wrong, it was definitely a page turner and I often found myself wanting to get back to reading as soon as possible. But, in the end, I just did not love this book.<br/><br/>I guess with all the hype about how great of a novel this was, I got my hopes up. High expectations and average quality make for a semi-letdown reader.
The difference between Gone Girl and Girl on the Train is that there are two female figures in the books; one that you learn to hate and one that you start to admire. Rachael in 'Train' struggles to find herself in her battle with alcohol and with life. There is a character change in the end and we are left with the feeling that she will succeed. In Gone Girl, the unsettling part of the tail is that we are left not really knowing what the characters will ultimately do and if there are any winners in this dangerous game. In 'Train' the author  deftly describes the endless self-hate and self-loathing of the helpless, hopeless, female alcoholic. The greatest gift in the end is that Rachael reclaims her own mind.
It took so long to build the back story I almost quit it several times.  The end made it worth it.
Kept me interested, with a surprising ending.  I thought I knew how it would end, but I was wrong.
It was a book that I couldn't put down because it kept me wondering what was going to happen next.
An entertaining page turner - very twisty, unexpected plot.  Good story but unlikeable characters.
The plot/characters go round and round like a merry-go-round..same things over and over...got old.
I don't agree with the comparison to Gone Girl. This was far too slow and not nearly as involving.
Lost empathy with the main character! Lots of rehashing the same scenario, rather drags on and on!
I had no idea what to expect when I began this book and that made it fun. I loved it. Although it was fiction it read like a memoir.  The story reminded me of The a House of Sand and Fog by A. Dubus which I loved. The main character has a very depressing life and I really felt her pain. The author includes just the right amount of trivia to make it believable for the most part although I thought it very bizarre that the woman should get on the train like she was going to work when she wasn't. It certainly a possibility though because she is so messed up. I was surprised when I realized that the book is a "who Done It" .it is not an all-time favorite for me but I enjoyed it and do record it to others.
I read this right on the heels of another multiple-perspective suspense novel.  While the first one felt very flat, this story seemed to pop to life from the very beginning, and while the characters in the other book were boring, these were interesting.  Just when you think you knew something about them, they were still able to pull off a surprise or two.  While the overall tone is not comedic, there were occasional moments that made me laugh out loud.  I enjoyed getting into their minds.  The other thing I enjoyed about this book is that I could really visualize very vividly what was going on, and I kept feeling like this could easily be adapted as a film.  I look forward to reading more from Paula Hawkins!
The early reviews were right. Pick this thriller up and be prepared to plunge into its world of overlapping characters, well-placed red herrings and enough female angst to fill a shrink's office. Paula Hawkins' complex thriller is the book "Gone Girl" wanted to be but wasn't. (Sorry  "Gone Girl" fans.) Its heroine's alcohol addiction fuels her obsession with a house she passes daily on a train commute to London. Hawkins never quite lets us know if someone is heading for harm or salvation, and the imbalance is thrilling. Divided among three female characters, the chapters take the reader to the edge of one of two things - a purging reality or the embrace of unspeakable danger. Un-put-downable.
The book ended up being...OK. But, I would not recommend it. Only because I was not engaged with the characters. I thought they (well, mostly the women in the book) were just complete messes. I DIDN'T CARE what happened to any of them. It was a bit of a struggle to keep reading because every time I thought at least one of them was starting to get their life on track they would sink back into their screwed up behavior. If I don't care what happens to a character in a book, it's difficult to continue reading. It was highly recommended to me, but I thought it was a little too repetitive and by the end, predictable just by means of elimination.<br/>I would consider reading other books by Paula Hawkins, though.
This was just plain good reading.  Paula Hawkins' story of the  woman (she's not really a girl) and her continued involvement with her ex-husband and his wife and an unknown couple she sees regularly from her seat on the train going into London is beautifully done.  She alternates the main characters with chapters of their own, and develops the story expertly.  Most readers can probably identify the culprit a bit before the story ends, but that's OK, too.  Rachel, the "girl on the train", is a little unusual for a protagonist because she is over=weight and an undisciplined alcoholic.  But she earns sympathy, at least from this reader.  I hope Ms Hawkins keeps writing, and gives us another book soon.
Talk about a whodunnit! I couldn't put this book down. Paula Hawkins truly keeps you guessing until the very end. You constantly think you know who it is and then she comes back at you with a big ol' "NOPE. NICE TRY." Because she writes from many points of view, you get to see into how some of the characters think, even sympathizing with ones you thought you couldn't stand when read from another's POV. I kind of figured it out at the end by process of elimination, but yet you wonder if they acted alone, or if they weren't the only sadistic one in the group. So while I figured it out, it still kept me guessing in other aspects until the very end. The Girl on the Train definitely lives up to the hype.
This is another book I reviewed several books back.  I've stopped writing these on my kindle as it seems to be a problem now for some reason. I'm relying on my memory here but as I recall this woman had some serious mental issues about her husband leaving her and it was her stalking him that got her in trouble.  I got frustrated with her drinking and trying to regain her memory to find out if she was actually involved in a murder.  I was about three fourths of the way through when I figured it out but I had to see how it played out.<br/><br/>I know a lot of people gave this five stars but I found it boring in spots, often frustrating with the main character and in general just okay. An entertaining read.
Congratulations Paula Hawkins. While I would have liked to see a few elements of this book tweaked, ie the technical research for the psychologist seemed very light, ditto the lack of rudimentary detective work on behalf of the cops, this is an amazing and compelling read that grabs the reader by the throat and carries them away. I find it hard to believe the average mystery reader could figure this out...I write books and I didn't have a clue until a glimmer 2/3 of the way in. Bravo for compelling and realistic characters and situations. If this was a 10th book, I might have rated it a 4, but I'm a grouch. Just very impressive, fun, wrap you up for a whole day read. Buy yourself a present, get this book.
The story is good. As a murder mystery, it kept me turning the pages. But I had a hard time empathizing with the main character (or any of the characters). They are so dysfunctional. Not one character has a redeeming quality. There is the pee-in-her-pants, vomiting, black-out drunk (protagonist), a misogynist or two, the shallow mistress who takes joy her house-wrecking ways and the victim, a manipulative hot mess who stopped mental development at 12 (figuratively speaking). I didn't care about any of them and I didn't like reading about them. I pushed through to the end to see if I nailed the murderer. That said, Hawkins writes well and hopefully, her next book will sport at least one likeable character.
I really am glad I don't live in the U.K. near a train Station, where the main form of entertainment seems to be imagining what goes on from observing what may be seen from my seat, whether going to or from London.<br/><br/>I suggest that prospective readers understand that no matter where they find themselves in the book, they don't have a clue what's around the bend. And, it is mind-bending.<br/><br/>One must pay strict attention to the changing Chapters and Headings. Just when the reader is comfy with a developing Character, a replacement<br/>flies across the pages. Enough from this reader. It's been a #1 Best Seller. It was unlike any Novel I've ever read before & my Kindle was kept 'on-charge'.
Interesting story of relationships. What do you do when you drink so much you experience blackouts that block your memory. Do you question the witnesses who saw you stumbling as if drunk in the missing woman's neighborhood the night she disappeared. You admit you were there, but can't remember what happened. Can you convince the police you were on your way that evening to visit your ex husband who lives in the missing woman's neighborhood. What happened— if you could only remember.<br/><br/>I enjoyed experiencing the difficulties the main character found herself stumbling through as she sought to discover the disappearance of a local woman and the many reactions she experienced because she was a drunk.
This was definitely the best book I have read in a very long time!  From the very beginning, I was captivated by the characters and the suspense.  Paula Hawkins does a wonderful job of developing fascinating characters, and the plot is absolutely amazing, creative and suspenseful.  I had no idea "who did it" until very close to the end.  The writing is excellent, and I do hope she will continue to write books, and I will certainly follow her.  I read this book in only a couple days, because I simply could not put it down.  I could've read it even faster if I didn't have a few other things to do from time to time (like cook, clean, etc.)  I'm definitely looking forward to this author's next book.
Welcome to the mind of a woman slowly loosing it to the ravages of alcohol, self-destructive behaviors, and a very active fantasy life.  We meet her at the bottom and watch her struggle back to something resembling mildish sanity.  If you haven't the stomach for alcoholic ramblings and drunkalogs, you will probably want to stay away from this book.  If you can stick it out because you have been going to AlAnon for the past decade, the payoff is fan-freakin-tastic.  Craziness, obsession, sex, lies (but no videotape).  This is a great ride and a perfect summer book, and -- in the right hands --it will make a heart-pounding film. I can see all those awesome younger British actresses lining up for this one.
Not the most enjoyable reading experience, though the plot was clever.  What was lacking for me was the development of the characters.  Each character had lots of negative characteristics which made it hard to care that much about any of them.  Only at the very end did 1-2 show some redeeming characteristics. Kind of hard to read about a group of youngish adults making one mistake or poor choice after another.  It was as I were meeting a group of people at hopefully the unwisest time of each of their lives.  Even the therapist character was extremely unwise.  Being a therapist myself, I could only think that most of the characters just needed a couple of years of good therapy to get themselves together.
Good story, though a bit dark.  I actually detest books and movies that are too dark, but this one had a small element of perseverance that helped me swallow some of the dark parts.  All in all it was still very entertaining.  I had trouble putting it down, but some of the "twists" were fairly predictable.  I was so engrossed by the main character that I had to catch myself from thinking I had some of her same issues!  Some of the suspense was created by some slightly frustrating means (continually forgetting certain details, not realizing certain things about her past), but still made for a great book.  Not on my top 20 list, but I would still recommend it.  Plus, it's a fast read, so why not?
There are already 11,559 reviews written on this book.<br/> I choose 4 stars and therefore agree with 3,351 other people<br/>It WAS a good book.  As do most books, this one became a little slow<br/> in the middle. However, Paula Hawkins writes well. The story WAS good and<br/> and the ending was a surprise, as is desirous for a mystery. I felt all<br/>of the emotions I was supposed to feel.  I felt pity for Rachel, who had no<br/> life left except riding the trains. Megan was a mess and Anna was a<br/> husband stealing hussy.  None of the men were admirable.<br/> Rachel rode the train and drank, it was described so well that I felt sick.<br/>The bottom line is ---read this book it's good.
Certainly not Hitchcock-like in any manner, and Alfred would be turning over in his grave if he saw some of the 5* reviews comparing the book to his work. If you liked Gone Girl, you will like this book. I got tired of Rachel after the  9th or 10th time she got drunk, and I can't understand why Cathy didn't ask her to leave and mean it! This book tries to build suspense, but the meaningless plot and colorless characters just don't make it. I did like the beginning and enjoy stories that take place on or about a train - but Hitchcock's "Strangers on a Train" has it all over this book. About halfway through I decided to check the reviews here and saw that many said the same - Gone Girl, etc.
There are not many times that I can honestly say I was sad to finish a book, but “The Girl on the Train” did exactly that.  This book is a complete masterpiece that never leaves your mind, even when you are not reading it you are thinking about it. Every character is perfectly developed, allowing the reader to create such an emotional connection with them and what they have been through. “The Girl on the Train” is not only a mysterious thriller, but also a gut-wrenching look into the the life of someone who suffers from addiction and obsession.  Full of twist and turns this book is an emotional roller coaster that keeps the reader wanting more.  “The Girl on the Train” is a must read for everyone.
There was a good introduction, plenty of back story and character development. Then the 'event' happened and you expect to go through the motions of solving the 'event' but it takes so long. I feel like the bulk of the middle of the book was wasted space- you could have done so much more with the story but instead it focused on all the wrong things and people. The ending is a bit of a twist although a few pages before you 'find out' you already guess it. The ending wrapped up in fewer pages than any other part of the book and could've been better. It kept me reading (because I wanted to know what happened and hoped it got better) and it was an easy read to keep my occupied on the train ride home.
After the first twenty pages or so, I asked myself how much more pathetic could the author make the character Rachel. But there was method to this insanity as a murder mystery developed and Rachel inserted herself into its solution in the most inept ways.<br/><br/>It took me a while before I realized it was written in the first person from the perspective of three different woman and that it was jumping from the present to a few months in the past. Once I got that straightened out, it started to make sense.<br/><br/>The pace picked up toward the end and it turned out to be a well-written thriller. I wouldn't give it five stars because it dragged a bit, but it certainly deserves at least four.
I didn't care for it and gave it up half way through. I'm not a fan of drinking and adultery....
Another pop novel pandering to the public. Girl Gone wanna be. I'm sorry I even read part of it.
I am surprised so many people have read it. I have found it slow and tedious to keep reading it.
The girl is a weirdo with whom one cannot identify oneself, I would not recommend it to anybody.
Difficult starting. But once characters were developed story flowed well and wouldn't let you go
Like nothing I've ever read before, kept me reading late into the night!  Very hard to put down!
It keeps your attention and I really did not figure out what was going to happen, which is good.
A little depressing for me but the mystery was great, you could not figure out ahead who dunnit.
Not a smack your hand over your mouth in shock kind of a reveal, but dang, that was a good book.
This takes place in the UK. Rachel takes the train into London during the week for work. She passes the same suburban houses each day and sees the same people going about their lives. She invents names and lives for the various people. Then one day she sees something totally out of whack with what she's imagined. This sets in motion a series of increasingly dangerous series of events leading into a murder. It's hard to write a concise synopsis of this without giving away the many twists and turns this has. It has fascinating (if unlikable) characters and you're never sure what's real and what's not. It plays like a good Hitchcock movie--full of twists, turns and excitement. WELL worth reading.
I was astonished by the sheer obliqueness of this novel. Having read the rave reviews, I couldn't wait to get my copy of this book. As other reviewers have noted, the character development is nonexistent and none of the characters are at all likable or believable. Hawkins is not a bad writer, at least stylistically, but reviewers' comparisons of her to Flynn have me baffled. Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl was far better written and cleverly executed than this banal offering. If you want a well written mystery from the last year, I would read Ng's Everything I Never Told You, which is a much more thought provoking and interesting read (and not coincidentally, one of Amazon's best books of the year).
I hurried through this audio book and was hooked from the beginning. The voice actors were great. The writing was strong, but Rachel's character dragged a bit and her repetitive drunkenness got tiresome and annoying. My biggest critique comes from the fact the plot focuses on three women yet all the conflict is driven by their relationships with men. I would have liked at least one of the female leads to have been defined by more than her conflicts with men. Even the death of Megan's brother directed her poor teenage choices. Why not make him a sister and give Megan the ability to connect and be supported by a female? When this is adapted to film it will fail the Bechdel test on a grand scale.
After all the glowing reviews I was really excited to get this book on my Kindle and start reading.  That went well for a while. It didn't take long to realize that all three of the female characters were basically the same, cliched, and one dimensional.  The promised "twist" was very easy to foresee; I actually felt scammed before I finished this book.  There wasn't one character that you could believe as a real person, not one to admire, and certainly no one to identify with.  If you like "...Shades of Grey..." etc, you will probably like this book, butit certainly isn't literature by any stretch.
I got sucked into this book because there are such obvious details being left out that I wanted to know what happened next. As it would turn out, the suspicion I had within the first few chapters of where the book was going was spot on. Yes, I cared about knowing what the ending was. At the ending, though, I found myself not caring what happened to the characters. The plot could have twisted in a way to make at least one of them likable but in the end it just felt like a soap opera that I wished would be over already. Maybe good for beach reading, but don't waste valuable time on it. I stayed up 2 hours past my normal bedtime reading it and I wish I had those hours back in the form of sleep.
I honestly started out hating this book.  I do not like books so full of dysfunctional characters that there are absolutely no likable souls included!  That is this book, and yet I couldn't stop reading it.  It's so well written that it sucked me in despite my initial desire to stop reading it.  The characters are not as predictable as you will think, nor is the story.  I cannot say that I enjoyed the book, or even really "liked" it in a traditional sense.  Nonetheless, I had to read it to the end and had to find out what happened, and found that despite my own vivid imagination, I was surprised by the ending.  I have to grudgingly recommend it.  It will likely suck you in, as well.
This story was engaging, it kept you wondering and trying to figure out who committed the murder. I alternately felt sorry for, and was annoyed by the main character. While she did have misfortune she also caused a lot of her own misery. She did feel human because she had traits that could be related to. The book led to a good discussion at my book club meeting. I'm still wondering whose clothes were left in a bundle along the train track. This was referred to throughout the novel but never explained since the murder wasn't even committed there. Oh well I guess it was just a red herring fact. I would recommend this book but it isn't as great as all of the hype I've read about it on line.
Felt like I was watching a movie.  Downloaded this book before heading on vacation so I had something to read on the plane and couldn't put it down.  Given the reviews I thought it would be a good choice but not this good.  I love the way this book was written.  The author does a great job of intertwining the lives of each woman and allows the reader to really capture each characters perspective on the same situation.  The technique allows you to really connect with each woman in a different way for very different reasons.  The unraveling of the connectors and constant plot twists made this book a real page turner.  I'll be searching for more books from this author.  Highly recommended!
I really enjoyed reading, “The Girl on the Train” by Paula Hawkins. The style is cool and refreshing I much prefer it to the hype that was, “Gone Girl.” The book, starts off with Rachel, a shell of an emotional woman that happens, to ride the train almost every day. What I appreciated most about the book was, first, it gives you a mystery you can solve and gives you enough suspects to keep you interested. Also, the integrity and characteristics of the characters don’t change. They are flawed. They make mistakes. But, she keeps them consistent throughout the book. It is a very quick and easy read, but you don’t feel like you’re losing brain cells reading it, it is a very thoughtful read.
The best seller list is not always a good indication of the quality of a book or it's appeal to all of the reading public. I know I'm preaching to the choir if only to admit my failure to adequately research the novels I choose to read. The Girl On the Train is a story of the alcoholic fog through which a young woman struggles to live her life with a notation of her mistakes and a purportedly surprise ending.<br/><br/>Well, the ending is no surprise and the train is not as significant as the amount of wine consumed in the story but who am I to question the immense popularity of this best seller. The Girl (with a Glass of Wine) on the Train was not for this reviewer but C' est la vie.
I thoroughly enjoyed 'The Girl on the Train" and found myself racing to get through it. It was an exciting, fast-paced and gripping story.  I loved the different points of view angle, which kept me even more interested than I would have been otherwise.  It was also interesting to be able to picture life in, and outside of, London.  It's so easy to think that people from other countries must have vastly different life experiences.  It was a good reminder that we all seem to struggle with the same challenges, to one degree or another.  The protagonist's struggle with addiction was heart-breaking and authentically portrayed. I loved many things about this book and recommend it highly.
This book kept me interested from beginning to the end.  I was constantly engaged with where the plot was taking me.  The three ladies, telling their respective stories, were fascinating.  It was like looking into the journals of an actual alcoholic seeing her struggles each day when reading about Rach.  When she made the decision to see the psychiatrist I wanted to scream into my kindle and say no you are making a mistake. But when she got there and actually told the truth getting the help she needed I was elated.  I was completely in love with this character. When Rach and Anna bonded together to rid themselves of such a horrific situation I wanted to cheer.  This was a very good book.
This was a pretty good book. It was interesting and kept me turning pages well past my bedtime. I agree with the reviewers who say the ending was a bit cliché, but it's a murder-mystery with really only 5 possible suspects, so the cliché was a bit unavoidable. And around the middle of the book I got a little fed-up with the main character Rachel. I almost stopped reading because it was just one stupid move after another! It was hard to empathize with her and I ended up finishing the book not to find out what happened to Rachel, but to find out what happened to Megan. That's why I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 4--Rachel became very one-dimensional and pathetic, I just got sick of her!
I am not one for writing reviews. I love reading though......I can go through about a book a week.  I had taken a break from reading for a while and this is the book I purchased to get back into it.  I'm sorry now that I did.  I certainly don't want to say too much in case you end up getting this but I sure can't recommend it. It was just hard to get through and not believable in the least.  That is not always important when you have a good story but that was missing too and even sadder still was the fact that every character in the book was a nut case.......it's not like I really cared what happened to any of them. Bottom line: Save yourself some money and pick out a different book.
This would be a good airplane book.  About 35 pages into it, I considered quitting.  Each chapter has the name of the character whose perspective is described in that chapter, which is necessary because the voices of the characters all blur together.  More than once I had to check the first page of the chapter to be sure who I was reading about.  However, since my book group chose it, I kept reading.  It is a compelling story in many ways, and the plot twists at the end are clever.  So, if you find yourself needing something that will hold your attention, it could be worthwhile.  If you want something gripping and very well written, read Susan Hill's Serraillier, which is first rate.
Loved this book but it is hard to read on Kindle.  I realized reading this book, that the Kindle is the reason that I did not retain details about the book Gone Girl later on even though I loved the book.  Because it is told from different people's prospectives as you go along, I needed to be able to flip back to a previous chapter and re-read parts.  It is almost impossible to do this on a Kindle.  Gone Girl was this way as well. I needed to go back at different points in the story. I couldn't, so I kept reading, loved the book, but didn't get the story deeply ingrained in my mind because of this.  This is the first time I have encountered this so I will be aware of it from now on.
I'm use to better writing in general. It wasn't that hard to figure out "who dun nit"
Written in a very interesting way.  It does keep your attention and I enjoyed the characters.
The story was very slow in the beginning but the more I read the more I couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down.  Read the whole book on my iPhone Kindle app while traveling yesterday.
I did not like any of the characters! I forced myself to finish reading it....don't know why.
Great book. Lots of twists and turns. Sometimes the many twists get confusing with who's who.
A suspenseful psychological thriller. If you liked Gone Girl, you'll enjoy Girl on the Train!
this is no Gone Girl but is well written and a fun read. A good  read while away on vacation.
Thanks for a great read! I loved the whole book. Would recommend this book to all my friends!
This book was a 3.5 star read for me. The last 20% of the book being the best part. The main narrator is Rachel who is an unreliable narrator because she's an alcoholic who suffers from blackouts. You also hear from Megan and Anna but describing their relationship to Rachel would give too much away. The first few chapters are confusing and I found myself flipping back because Rachel gives a couple she observes everyday outside her train window made-up names until she discovers their true names. Also the beginning of chapters has dates and I wasn't quite sure if I needed to remember the chronological order. The ending comes together fast and nicely ties the mystery together.
This is a very dark and grim story and one where every single character is dysfunctional. There are parts that are extremely well written and kept me glued to the book. The storyline very clever in many respects. But I also found parts of it to be rather predictable at times rolling my eyes back. The ending did not have the twist I thought it would and I figured out the ending long before the ending. I think all the hype had my expectations set a bit too high. Definitely worth a read especially if you like dark mysteries and thrillers. I would have given it 5 stars had the characters had a bit more balance and had I liked any of them or had vested interest in their outcome.
I downloaded this on Audible based on just a few recommendations and it did not disappoint.  I had a long drive to make this weekend and it went by so quickly getting to listen to this novel.  Never boring, always keeping the listener guessing, I felt like I could have made a much longer road trip!<br/><br/>The characters: I loved to hate every single one of them and I found myself feeling sorry for them, then thinking they were nasty, then really ordinary people with a few extraordinary issues. I would highly recommend this book--especially if you have a long road trip ahead of you. I am not a fan of driving long distances alone, but listening to this book made it easy.
I loved the three different points of view - each character had a different voice and I never struggled jumping from one voice to the next. This book takes you for an emotional rollercoaster ride and keeps you on your toes until the very end. Rachel is a hard to love character, with her struggles with alcohol and her obsession over her past. But the author helps you grow a bind with Rachel by letting you get inside her head through most of the book. Anna is a much harder to love character, all the way until the bitter end. The ending was a complete shock but it was awesome! I HIGHLY recommend this book for anyone looking for a light, captivating murder mystery summer read!
This is the story of a murder narrated by three different women: the girl on the train, her ex-husband's new wife, and the murder victim. The girl on the train is a pathetic alcoholic mess, shattered by her ex-husband's affair and subsequent marriage. The new wife is a shrill new mommy who gets off on being the bad girl who wrecked a marriage. The murder victim is a woman who lives down the street with a shady past. Paula Hawkins has created three characters that it's impossible to like or to feel sympathy for. Yet the story draws you in, as you learn more about the girl on the train and her obsession with the murdered woman and her life. Not a great book, but a good read.
I was very excited to read this novel.  It was supposed to be the next 'it' book after Gone Girl.  However, when I completed it, I wasn't impressed.  The novel started great.  However, the culmination of the novel left a lot to be desired.  It hit a climax and then a chapter later it was done. I thought she could have ended the novel a little better, but the character development was phenomenal.  One good thing, there weren't any holes in the story, and I felt like she explained everything that needed to be answered.  I think if she worked a little more on the end of the book, it would have been better.  The end was the only thing keeping me from giving it another star...
I haven't read many books so when I do I don't want to feel like I wasted those hours of my life. I like to end a book with a little more knowledge or a good story to tell others. At some point with this book, I wanted to quit & read something else, but I couldn't without knowing the answer to the mystery I started. The problem with this book is I didn't like any of the characters. The best person is probably the roommate & her part is minimal. If you don't mind reading about an alcoholic who blacks out often, a snobby mistress, a depressed wife and waiting until the very end for brief action, go for this book. I went for it due to the "best seller" advertisement.
This book, while moving slowly, was riveting.  It kept you hoping and praying Rachael would pull out of it.  It made you<br/>Hate Anna and then it shifted all of that into an understanding of how the little things in life can throw you much more than the big things.  How sometimes we can't see the things that are right in front of us.  How we allow ourselves to be mislead. And finally how we all can become undone by simple truths.  Rachel becomes undone by the truth of Tom's unfaithfulness.  Scott becomes undone by the truth of  Megan's deceit.  And finally Anna's need to have Tom blindly sends her head first into the arms of a psychopath.  A very good but intense read.
Don't dare compare "The Girl on the Train" to "Gone Girl." Listen, I love Gillian Flynn. LOVE HER. I've read "Dark Places" and "Sharp Objects" in addition to GG, but TGOTT is WAY better than GG, and far more complex. The characters are well developed, the plot is NOT predictable, and I promise, until the last pages, you'll be enraptured. You'll be shocked, angry, sad, happy, and a whole other mix of emotions. Read it this summer on the beach, or curled up in your armchair with the rain pounding at your window, read it while you wait for a doctor's appointment, read it while you wait to pick the kids up from soccer practice. JUST READ IT!!!
I absolutely loved this book. I have heard it being compared to Gillian Flynn's works, and I guess I see a slight similarity, but Hawkins did a great job of setting her own tone & pace. It's painful reading from the main character's perspective sometimes because she is just so screwed up, but the book itself was a great read. Enough twists and turns to keep me on my toes, and only a tiny bit predictable on occasion.<br/><br/>I have said this to everyone I've recommended it to: The main character's room mate is the unsung hero of the book. What she deals with... pffft. I don't think I know anyone who would tolerate their room mate to act the way the main character does.
At first I hated this book.  It jumped back and forth betwen times and characters, really hard to keep track.  If you don't like this sort of book then this book is not for you.  It took me half way through to start liking it.  It was a real whodunit mystery.  The character of the Girl (on the train) was not especially likable.  Of course I have a problem with alcohholics.  She was weak and annoying.  Not only was she weak but she wanted to go to bed with every man she saw.  They way I am talking you must think why did this reviewer give it a 4.  Well I wanted to give it a 3 plus but you can't do that.  The ending was good though or should I say the last 1/2 of the book.
What a wild ride, very hard to put this book down.  This is a book you are sorry to see end.
I bought this book because there were so many people reading n rating it.  I am very disappointed by it.  The style of her writing n the arrangement of the book were confusing.  Changing from one person to another was fine.  But coupled going forward n backwards in time, mixing illusions with dreams n imagination made the book very difficult to follow.<br/><br/>The story itself was pathetic with pathetic people.  Hawkins just picked 3 horny women, threw in two horny guys n made up the story.<br/>She obviously has no idea how difficult it is to hide a dead body near London unplanned.<br/>The ending was juvenile with the murderer confession not knowing what to do.
The narrative style that alternates between three of the main characters is a clever and fascinating way to tell a story about love and marriage. The entire novel is an interesting commentary on the role played by memory, perception and observation and how little of it can be trusted.<br/><br/>This is not a story for those seeking flawless heroines and heroic men. All of the characters are deeply flawed. The three main women - Rachel, Megan, Anna are compelling nonetheless. They make terrible mistakes and use incredibly poor judgement. Alcoholism, lying and cheating are not held up as excuses for their destructive behavior. Above all, they are human. The author brought all of these characters together in a skillful, although not totally unexpected way.<br/><br/>Four stars because the end was a little too neat.
(SPOILER FREE)<br/><br/>The first two-thirds of this book make a cracking good mystery, full of red herrings and twists. However, I guessed the answer to the plot's central question pretty early on and when the ending confirmed my guess I felt disappointed.<br/><br/>The ending just seemed too implausible in a book that I felt had some real emotion and insight in it.<br/><br/>Go ahead and buy it if you want a quite enjoyable 5/6 of a book. I don't regret the purchase. The writing before the reveal is quick paced but steady feeling and the author is good at parceling out the clues and mysteries and at keeping the suspense going. It was also a pretty quick read.
I read this book simply because it seemed to be getting mentioned everywhere and I was curious. I'm glad I read it. It's the first book I've read where I did not like a single character. Somehow though this wasn't a problem. I did root for the alcoholic main character though, and thought that aspect of the book was well-written. I had a few issues with inconsistencies and things not quite adding up, but I won't go into them as they didn't really distract from the story and I don't wish to appear petty. On the whole I enjoyed it, and I'd say if you're in two minds whether to read, give it a go. Opinions are very much divided and to a certain extent I understand why.
This one was interesting.  I'm not a huge mystery person but this was a bit like Gone Girl - it's also about the lives of the narrators and does a really good job of starting far out and slowing bringing the stories together in a web.  The main narrator Rachel, even with all her flaws, I was really rooting for her. And unlike many books, I really didn't know "who did it" until closer to the end.  Clever enough, with a deep enough story, to keep my interest all the way through.  Definitely worth a read, and the whole time I was reading it, I was thinking - this reads like a movie.  And low and behold, it's becoming one (hopefully better done than Gone Girl).
This book required a little time on my part to easily go back and forth between the first person accounts of the story from the 2 main characters. I sometimes had to go back and remind myself of who was speaking at a particular point. I also found the psychological problems of one of the main characters not pursued enough to explain the reasons why she did what she did. Aside from those 2 things, I liked the book very much.  I loved the use of the "train" in telling the story. The ending was somewhat of a surprise to me which is good---I don't like to figure it out ahead of time. I would recommend the book for those who like to think versus be entertained.
You know those movies, where there is a perfectly normal character who then, in the final act,  is suddenly revealed to be a psychopath?  Who, instead of killing the person who has figured it out, incredulously decides to confess to them everything they did and why they did it?  It is that cliched plot device that gives the cornered "good guy" the opportunity and the time to thwart the "bad guy."  It is lazy and uninspired writing, and it left me feeling cheated.<br/><br/>This book commits the cardinal sin of writing.  It tells the story instead of showing the story. I'd wait for the next train if I were you.
The character, Rachel, comments that she became lonelier, “because no one likes being around a drunk.”  I would add, reading about one either.  A paragraph later she continues that, “sadness gets boring after a while, for the sad person and for everyone around them. And then I went from being a drinker to being a drunk, and there’s NOTHING MORE BORING (emphasis mine) than that.”  I agree and quickly tired of lonely, sad, self-indulgent, self-destructive, pathetic, unconvincing characters.  Since I’ve read only 106 pages, I rated this terrible book a three star.  Perhaps this well hyped novel redeems itself, but I’m inclined to heed Rachael’s observations instead.
I am a published author, a voracious reader and I say The Girl on the Train is one of the best novels I have read in recent years. The story itself is a unique and daring story, but it is what  this author does with that story that makes this book stand high above most writers. Planning to read a couple of chapters and then return to my own writing, I literally could not stop reading. That's rare for me. I'm able to put any book down.<br/><br/>The author writes us into a relationship with each character, whom we feel we know, especially Rachel.<br/><br/>An amazing novel. An amazing writer. An amazing literary career ahead!<br/><br/>Joyce Norman<br/>Author
no one in the book club enjoyed the book.  it was very disjointed  We all rated it a 1 star
It was awful. The alcoholic girl was beyond tedious.<br/><br/>Thin plot poorly developed.
Kept you reading to the end.Didn't see the ending coming until close to the end.Great read!
Interesting plot that makes the book one you can't put down. Keeps you guessing to the end.
The setting wasn't really developed and the characters stereotypes, but the plot although developed slowly kept one's attention.  I found I wanted to read on and in actual fact enjoyed this book.  BUT, I wouldn't call it a stand out.  Seemed more like a written for a movie kind of book:  drama, good looking women, good looking men, glamorous locations like art shops, heritage homes, pubs, etc. - except for the train!  I have to say the climax did  hold a surprise, maybe it was the anti-climax actually that ended the book with a surprising "twist" - and yes, this is a play on a word!  I would recommend this book for anyone looking for a good, fast read.
Read a review about this book in Entertainment Weekly.  It sounded like a good book, the comparison to Gone Girl helped cinch it for me (loved Gone Girl).  Was able to obtain a copy from my local library, a fact that I'm very happy about now.  Let's just say since it was a new release, it could only be checked out for 2 weeks.  It was due yesterday, forced myself to finish it & returned it this morning.  Let's just say I'm not pleased about paying a .15 fine for it.<br/><br/>Did not like any of the characters....all of them were a hot crazy mess of psychos.  Very repetitive, not impressed.  So very glad I didn't buy the book.  Wasn't anything like Gone Girl.
I thought the book was well written. It certainly held my attention. I usually don't read thrillers, but it was recommended by some of my collegues The story had some interesting twists and turns.  The main characters were well developed and complex.  I was both sympathetic to Rachel and frustated by her dysfunctional behavior centering around her alcoholism. All of the main chacters had a distorted view of the world and their relationships.  In the end some are vindicated but in a not quite so satisfying way.  Their vindication sadly reflected their neurotic and near psychotic states of mind. I would recommend this book to readers who like psycho thrillers.
I read this book based on the favorable reviews.(and because at the airport I saw 5 other people reading it).  I was not disappointed. Have to admit, it was pretty creepy.... thank heavens I don't live on a railway line, I would have to move or cover my windows. I like the way she told the story from several different views of characters. I did have a little trouble keeping up with the dates but in the end the story weaves together nicely. All along you could feel that something was not quite as it should be, because she leads the reader along very nicely. I won't go into the story line, it has been told by other reviewers. Good Read, would highly recommend.
I had to read this book for a book club and found it painful to finish. While the writing was decent the story-line was unrealistic. I felt the author used Rachel's blackouts as a crutch to get from one chapter to the next without cohesively tying the story together. As well, none of the characters of the book are likeable. Rachel, the main character, is the least likable because she is either blacking out from alcohol or making stupid decisions when she's sober that leave nothing endearing about her. The rest of the characters seem forced and lack any likable characteristics. I recommend saving your time and finding another novel. And spare your book club!!
The first 70-75% of the book was fantastic. I love that the main character is a drunk. The author brings the reader into the life of a horribly messed up person so one can understand her warped perspective, bad decisions, and motivations. It is eye opening, refreshing, and completely engrossing. I stayed up all night to read it. Sadly, the end was predictable for me. I suspected it in the middle. The end had the characters behaving in out of character ways. It wasn't a terrible ending, it just wasn't great - it was satisfactory. It disappointed me after such an excellent 3/4 read. Really great mystery novels are rare, though, and I would recommend this book.
I enjoyed this, and would probably give it more of a 3.5 star rating. While not perfect and not a favorite, it definitely kept me interested throughout, which is a crucial thing for me. I at least kept wanting to turn the page.<br/>However, I didn't find it that "thrilling," which is unfortunate, because it is a thriller after all, and when I read from that genre, I expect the usual feeling of reading with bated breath. I didn't experience that with The Girl On The Train.<br/>Don't get me wrong, I thought it was intriguing and entertaining enough, and I do recommend this for others to try out for themselves, but for me, it just didn't blow my mind.
I am an extremely picky reader, I get so frustrated when I read a book and feel like it was not worth my time. This book completely sucked me in, I found myself sneaking in a few pages or chapters when I really ought to be doing something else.  As I was approaching the end, I was completely invested in how the story would turn out and would have been miserably disappointed if it had not been well done.  I was not disappointed, this was an excellent read from beginning to end. In addition to the storyline that keeps you guessing, this book has not one but three brilliantly written, complex women characters.  One of the best books I've read so far this year.
This book is told by three women connected by lies and infidelity.  Rachel's voice is particularly tedious since she's either drunk, hungover, sick, or in need of another drink.  She is the book's unreliable narrator...the reader can't trust her stuporous narrative and she can't trust her own words either.  None of the women is someone you'd want to hang out with and they all have a toxic point of view.  But I stuck with the tale and was moderately surprised to learn who the murderer was, but at that point, I didn't care much.  It could make a more interesting movie, but the continuous internal monologues would have to be omitted which might be a good thing
Given the vast popularity already of this book, I expected it to be a good read & it was. I really liked the concept of the book, being a woman daydreaming about the lives of the people she sees daily from the train, we've all been there & I also liked the structure of the book, very much like Jodi Picoult. The story becomes quite dark & disturbing however the further you progress into the book, but I found myself still turning pages & wanting to get to the end & find out what happened. Unlike some of the other readers, I did not guess the end & it came as quite a surprise & twist. A good read, despite the rather unsettling turn of events & subject matter.
Terrific novel.  Another one of those suggestions by Kindle that I wouldn't have ordinarily purchased but with a coupon and allusions to "Gone Girl" I got it and am glad I did.  The main character is sad and you feel sorry for her from the start but as she continues to drink and apparently get herself further into a messy criminal situation you start to be annoyed with her.  Her fixation on her ex and the train ride pas her old house makes her seems pathetic but as the story progresses you realize why.  As she gets sober and stronger she begins to unravel the mystery of her life and in the end becomes stronger for it.  A true female bildungsroman.
The genre "thriller" is misleading here.  The book is slow and confusing for the first third.  By that time I did have the characters straight in my head, and I was interested enough to keep going.  But that's not the same as *caring* about the characters, which I never did.  And thrills and chills?  No.  The train may evoke some Hitchcock films but its stop-and-start, slow journey is also a metaphor for the story itself.  And the end--DON'T WORRY NO SPOILERS!--is a let down, to say the least.<br/>Disclaimer: I've never been a big fan of Hitchcock either.  But comparisons to Gillian Flynn are spurious:  This train travels straight to the station.
This was chosen as a book club selection and I was anticipating that I would find it similar to Gone Girl, given the hype. It is a completely different story, thankfully. I didn't like Gone Girl at all, so I was pleasantly surprised to realize I was enjoying this book. It is also dissimilar to Rear<br/>Window, except for the observations of life as viewed from a train window. I really enjoyed the changing narrative viewpoint, and I enjoyed all three flawed main characters. It is true that no one is really likeable but inevertheless felt sympathy for the main character. As the story evolved I really wanted to keep reading, always the sign of a good story.
It took a couple hundred pages before I really was interested in this novel.  The author has chosen two morally challenged women as her star players, and then added an equally unattractive man to complete this trio.  To be fair, she also threw in a couple of generally realistic characters, one man and one women with which the reader could sympathize.  The author trudged on through the story building her case about a killing,etc., then in two pages, switched a character's personality to bright and insightful!  Really.  The last few chapters were pretty interesting, tho. And I did finish the book. And the author is probably laughing all the way to the bank.
This is an interesting book but not unputdownable, as I discovered over the past 10 days. Deeply flawed characters helped to define this as a psychological thriller. The protagonist is an alcoholic who spends her weekdays riding the train from home to London pretending to go to work. She can't find the nerve to tell her roommate that she was fired. She passes by the home she occupied with her ex husband and finds herself pestering him and his new wife, periodically, in drunken stupors. During her many train rides she begins to fantasize about a couple she spots who live a few doors from her ex. Her curiosity and excessive drinking contribute to tragedy .
Fun to read, but honestly, I was ready for this book to end about 100 pages before it ended. The narrator voice and the POV switch between chapters, which got more and more tiresome, adding more and more complex layers to the story. As I type that, I realize this is a plus for readers who love suspense thrillers, probably. Me? I feel jerked around with this kind of story. Lots of repetitious events and switching from character to character which draw out the telling. That doesn't feel the same to me as "suspense, " it feels more like a guy telling a long long story who just won't get to the point. By the time it ended, I was just glad to be done.
This book was on the best seller list for weeks but I personally could not figure out why.
very slow but sad for the main character,she became herself at the end,that part was good.
Long and tedious. Rather maudelin.  I am 3/4 through it and am considering just giving up.
whining characters can't believe this was on new york times best sellers list. Boring.....
Wow. Depressing, moving, nail biting. Finished in 1 day. Hope they make a movie out of it.
I could not put this book down! My friends that read it also loved it!  It is a must read!
A very enjoyable whodunit. Through the window of a moving train, a divorced alcoholic named Rachel starts to notice a young couple who live in a nice neighborhood along the tracks--in fact, it is the same neighborhood Rachel lived with her husband, who has now remarried and had a child. Rachel speculates on the young couple's life together, until the woman disappears, and Rachel believes she has some clues as to what happened to her--but her perceptions and memories are clouded in an ethanol haze. The plot is well-designed and suspenseful, but as often happens in thrillers of this sort, the characters start to robotically follow the demands of the plot.
Enjoyed the different perspectives and the idea of wondering/making up what others' lives are like when seeing the same scenery day after day on a train. I liked how chapters were told from the viewpoint of the major female characters and how what one thinks is happening is something completely different. I did not enjoy the incredibly screwed-up lives of these people and how they constantly made one bad decision after another...sort of a Gone Girl meets House of Sand and Fog, neither of which I liked. I did want to know what happened and how the whole mystery would be resolved, so I did continue reading to the end. It was a somewhat satisfying ending.
I got sucked into all "The Girl on the Train" hype. I should have just stayed away from it, aware of all the comparisons it was getting to Gone Girl. I should have known it's not going to be my cup of tea. As with Gone Girl, I had predicted the ending way before I was anywhere near the middle of the book. Unlike Gone Girl, however, the narrator in "The Girl on the Train" did feel a lot more real than any of the characters in Gone Girl did. I know, I know, I'm not reviewing Gone Girl. Let me just say this: I liked The Girl on the Train enough to give it four stars. It was engaging, easy to read, and, overall, entertaining for what it is.
I loved this book! I had been reading heavy, slow novels of late, but the pace and suspense of The Girl on the Train were excellent. Immediately upon starting the book, I realized our narrator wasn't the most reliable, but I liked her despite all her flaws. Paula Hawkins deftly handled switching narrators in a way that was never confusing, and I never had to look back at what I'd read to understand the shifts in time and narrator. I would highly recommend this if you are looking for an immediately engaging read. It is suspenseful, thought provoking and a great escape. I found myself wanting to read pages at work...thankfully I stopped myself each time.
I wanted so much to like the characters,  but found myself scoffing through much of this book.  They are all self absorbed, pathetic and just plain boring. I could not like, nor feel sorry for any of them.  Rachel drove me crazy with the mess she continued to make of her life.  Anna was a sorry excuse for a wife and mother.  Each and every character was dis-likable in their own way and I got tired of the phony dramas in their lives.  I could not wait to get this book over with and the only reason I stuck with it was to prove that I figured out "who did it" by mid book.  I was right by the way.  Why on earth the high ratings - I will never know.
I won't even lie, it took me re-reading the beginning a couple of times to actually get into the book. Once I got past several chapters I was definitely drawn into the story. Each chapter starts a specific date and time of day, and the dates jump back and forth by as much as a year, so sometimes it can get a bit confusing. The plot itself is interesting and you're definitely left wondering where the story is going. My biggest complaint was that it was so hard for me to feel positively or even sorry for the protagonist Rachel. Almost everything she did made me scream in frustration. It's the first time a protagonist actually annoyed the crap out of me.
I loved The Girl On The Train. Seriously loved it. I loved it so much I had to take a reading break when I finished to let it soak into my psyche.<br/><br/>I came across this book by accident. I read it because it was compared to Gone Girl, which I liked but couldn't relate to the characters much. I thought it might be the same with The Girl On The Train. That wasn't the case. But I will share that there are pathological characters in this book.<br/><br/>This is a book that begs to be re-read. It needs to be savored, but you want to read as fast as possible to get through the story.<br/><br/>The moral of the story: things are never as they seem.
So disappointed, it began really well with shades of Ruth Rendell. But by half way, it had tapered off and the ending was just dire. The twist was so obvious, I'd spotted it by about page 10 and kept waiting for a second surprise that never came. Unlikable, unbelievable characters, a ludicrously understanding flat mate, a clichéd villain and nonsense about texts from a witheld number, you can't send texts from a witheld number or rather, you can, but it's so tricky there is no way this particular character would have done so. Many plot points that simply fizzled away ( no spoilers so won't point out). I wish the hype hadn't conned me into buying this.
Comparisons to Gone Girl are a bit generous, as this lacks Gillian Finn's knack for character development and twisted psychology.  Instead, it's more of a Lifetime movie thriller. It eventually becomes a page turner (even if experienced mystery readers see the finale coming from quite a way out)...but overall, I found myself thinking of our protagonist as unbearably weak and the portrayal of male characters to be misandrist.  (At their best narcissistic and self-serving - at worst, which was common, controlling and violent.)  Fine for a plane ride or the beach, but don't get mislead by the flattering praise into thinking this novel will stay with you.
I could not put this book down.  I loved the writing style and timeline of this engaging story.  I could identify with all three lead women's voices (a rare occasion for me).  Though it seemed a bit like "Gone Girl" in the beginning, the characters developed much more realistically (BTW, I hated Gone Girl).  I would recommend this book to young wives, mothers, women having problems with conception, and those of us who like more than one glass of wine now and then.  There are underlying messages to make us think on many levels and subjects.  My husband and I usually share books, but I know he would not like this one so passed it onto a friend.
The novel opens as Rachel sits on the morning commuter train, imagining the lives of a couple whose home abuts the railroad tracks.  It reads like literary fiction - more thought-driven than plot-driven. Until something happens.<br/><br/>I won't spoil it and tell you just what that event is. At this point , the real story unfolds as a thriller, a mystery. Who did what to whom and why? Well, that's the yarn, and it's a real page-turner.<br/><br/>The only "but" is that, in the final pages, the answers to those questions become abundantly clear, and - dare I say - a bit cliché (if one can even qualify "cliché). Until that point, it's truly a thrill.
I wanted to like this book because so many others seem to love it, but I'm disappointed.  The first half is so heartbreakingly depressing that I almost gave up.  Just then I figured it all out and kept reading to confirm I was right--I was, fairly obvious.  I must also thank the author for introducing me the clunkiest word in the English language--quieten.  It must be an actual word, but it should never be used, and sadly, it appears over and over and over again.  There's definite talent here, so I've no doubt that future books will be better, and there's a good chance I'll read them.  Might I suggest Tana French's brilliant The Secret Place instead?
I don't want to mis-direct.  However,  if you enjoy:  stories about people with "problems" that even you can't think of answers for, so you are hooked and want to find out if there are some answers;  that you have trouble keeping up with whose problems we're talking about but are determined to try to keep up;  but worry the story doesn't go in a straight line but you are so happy it's not you but the story; but keep thinking, maybe I should just chuck it and go fix a drink.  No, gotta stay with this weird, kind of intoxicating, wild ride; say naughty words, shiver just a bit now and then; enjoy something that really is "golly" some different, Grab-a-holt of this one.
Just finished this.  Starts out great, grabs your attention, interesting plot, and then... it turns into a chick book.  The three female characters are the Queens of Bad Decisions.  Weepy, whiney, drifting, self-absorbed and indulged.  But the world owes them something!  Validation?  Entitlement?  A career?  A man?  Wealth?  Who knows?  They don't know either and by the end of the book you could care less.<br/><br/>This is being pitched as another "Gone Girl".  It's not even close.  This is not a suspense thriller.  The ending was predictable and ridiculous.  The two stars are for the first half of the book.  After that you're on your own.
In order to understand how the story unfolds read the synopsis first.  I was confused until I immediately went back and did just this.  I didn't want my confusion to delay my understanding of the character development.  Once I did this, I couldn't put my kindle down.  I love books like this because you can forget all else and enter the world of the characters and all else in your life disappears.  In the same fashion as "Gone Girl," there are twists and turns and a surprise ending.  I wasn't able to guess what was coming until the very end.  You'll enjoy this book immensely.  This book will be a good movie if screenwriter gets it right.
I have read many, many books in my life and there are few that stay with me.  This one has.  It grips you and keeps you guessing to the very end.  I listened to this an an audible book as I had much painting to do.  Perhaps that is part of why I was so drawn in - perhaps on paper it would have taken longer to grip me.  Either way, it was excellent and I highly recommend that you delve in.  The characters are all flawed.  Rachel has that all too familiar tendency to believe she is deeply flawed while assuming the very best of others.  Watching her grow and learn that the truth is quite different was enjoyable.  One of my top 5 favorites of all time.
I had been wanting to read this book for awhile and was disappointed that it was not available through Unlimited Kindle.  That having been said, I went ahead and ordered the book and it was well worth my time.  I don't want to give away the plot, but I will say that this book moves quickly with interesting characters and a believable plot.  It is definitely a page turner and kept me reading much later into the night than I should have-not one of those books that you'll be able to read a chapter and put it down.  Loved this book (and I'm not easily entertained.}  This is a well-written mystery that will keep you curious until the end.  A must read!
To be honest I didn't know this was a thriller I just saw it on top of the pick lost and thought I'd give it a shot. So while for a thriller it might have started slow I couldn't be disappointed in that because I didn't know what I was getting myself into. But there was something about it at first that kept my curiosity about the characters about where exactly all this was going and once that started coming together I couldn't put it down. I kept reading each of the woman's chapters siding with them all the while thinking wait I can't trust them, none of them! The ending felt lacking but at least we weren't left with too many unanswered questions.
Some reviews said that the layout of this book was confusing to them...and at first getting used to the names and whom they were was a little confusing but it did not take long to become immersed into the story and wonder what was going to come out next. I think the only real confusing was that the main character actually gave two of the people imaginary names to begin with, and when their true names were produced it was somewhat hard to follow at first. Not a problem for me though. The story has everything a good psychological mystery could hope for and would be a great movie. I will definitely be watching for more from this author in the future.
I have to say, I was blown away by how much I enjoyed this book. The twists and turns it took kept me guessing the whole time. I had a love/hate relationship with every character! One minute I felt so sorry for Rachel, then the next I was thinking what is wrong with this woman? It was like that for every character! I know a book is amazing, when I want to immediately go back and read it to see the signs I missed. I suburb whodunit!  I was at the tail end of my vacation and ended up finishing the book on our 10 hour car ride home. I'm glad it was the tail end otherwise I would have missed my vacation reading this book! Wonderful, wonderful writing!
Boring boring boring!  I couldn't even finish the book  It doesn't deserve even one star!
Dragged on. Prefer British authors who can throw a bit of humor & irony into their plots.
I had a hard time at first, getting into the story, but didn't want to put it down later!
Difficult beginning getting to know the characters. Once I did, turned into a great book.
Ok if you want to read about dysfunctional people with absolutely no redeeming qualities.
got off to a very slow start but after you get to page 50 it picks up....so hang in there
It took me a while to actually enjoy the book but once I did i just couldn't put it down.
It's not difficult to write a book when the main character is an alcoholic.  You can avoid character development and ensure that the main character is one dimensional.  In fact, all the characters lacked depth and it was a meaningless book filled with repetition.  You don't have to write very much when  the main character is drunk; you can use the same words and vary them a bit which the author did throughout the book.  It was absolutely boring and a poor excuse for a novel.  Although it can be used as an exercise on how to write a novel using very few words and varying them so you can tell a story.  I'd like to know how this became a bestseller.
This book probably found its way to popularity thanks to it's bare minimum similarity to Gone Girl, i.e. a girl is missing. However, The Girl On The Train is as boring as its title. Extremely slow paced, with excruciatingly over thought narration literately ruins any nuance of suspense in this "thriller".<br/><br/>The characters are insanely unlikable unless you enjoy reading about a bored wife, a bored adulterer-to-wife, and a drunk ex-wife. Good gracious, this book should come with an age minimum. At 24, the last thing I want to listen to is a bunch of bored women who create drama for themselves to feel alive.<br/><br/>Bad purchase.
Why are negative reviews so NASTY? It's really okay to not like a book but why take the time to rip it apart? Why all the anger? We are all looking for a more civilized world and people (women...more women will read this book) PEOPLE - IT'S JUST A BOOK. This women sat down, put the effort in, wrote a story, and sold it. Even if you didn't care for it THINK about the entire process and give your honest opinion without the snide comments.<br/>My opinion: The book was fun to read. The ending wasn't spectacular but it fit. Book clubs would have a great discussion with this one.<br/>Easy read, page turner, and clever plot. Take a chance and read it.
My Book Club read this book. I like the structure of the book, although I didn't "get" it right away ... 3 main female characters, each "reporting" at certain dates and times and, in the end, each deceived by the same man .... But the ending was rushed and the whole story contrived. I can almost see it being plotted out on a blackboard. Then, boom, "The End," after a long narrative of who did what when and where. I am sure I would have enjoyed a more finessed and suspenseful ending. This book is NOT "Gone Girl Great!." It might make a fun little made-for-TV movie, but not a block-buster in theaters. In my opinion.
Rachel is a woman who considers herself worthless. She feels that women are only valued for two things: their looks and their role as a mother. She is barren and rather plain looking. Unbeknownst to her landlady she has lost her job but continues to ride the commuter train twice a day. Unfortunately she must pass the home of her ex-husband Tom and his new wife Anna. They've recently had a child which is something Rachel was unable to produce when she was married to him. He's moved his new family into the home that he and Rachel once shared. Tom posted a picture of himself and his newborn on Facebook with the caption that he's never been happier.
I thought this novel was immensely engrossing. I loved the original unreliable narrator, Rachel. The cruel realities of life that are sometimes glossed over in our politically correct society were firmly able to be displayed and revealed in Girl on the Train. Comparisons to Gillian Flynn are not valid, in my opinion, but every author is original and I like the originality of this book. I am glad my sister Jeanie recommended it to me. Of course I couldn't put the book down after the first half and stayed up reading really ruining my next day. Is there a word for this? Good Book Hangover, maybe?<br/>Well worth reading and buying and a great read.
Okay, I didn't actually buy the book on Kindle, or from Amazon at all, but I have read it. I flew through it in like two and a half days. I could not put it down. It was AMAZING!! The story is told from three women's viewpoints (Rachel, Megan, and Anna) - Anna's is a rare one, but it does happen.<br/><br/>Early on, when Rachel went to talk to Scott about something, I thought I knew who had killed Megan. But in the end, the killer was revealed and I was completely floored. It was a twist that I had not seen coming AT ALL!!<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a fast read but not something that's super light and fluffy.
Given all of the hype I'd seen in reviews, I was quite disappointed with The Girl on the Train.<br/>A mystery? Maybe. But suspense? Hardly!<br/>The three main female characters were all so insecure (although, admittedly in different ways) and therefore so similar, if the author hadn't labelled each chapter with the character's name, it would have taken a page or two to figure out which character's point of view I was seeing. While the author tried to make the rather predictable plot more suspenseful by using flashbacks, this only made the characters more confusing.  Overall, the plot was a good idea, but it didn't hold together for me at all.
I found the popularity of this book a bit puzzling, but it seems to belong to the current trend in "dark'' fiction. Credit must be given to the clever weaving of plot and only a handful of characters around the setting of a commuter train, and it keeps the attention by shifting back and forth among them; but the consistently morbid tone of the piece was simply not to my taste. I came away from reading it feeling I'd gained nothing from reading it other than its creative plot construction. I felt no affinity for the characters as worthwhile knowing and was ready to move on to something more inspiring, or -- at the very least -- informative.
Rachel once had what she thought was a perfect marrriage. Now she struggles with alcoholism,  as she lives with a trusted friend and recounts and romantcizes the details that led to her destruction. On her train rides to town, the people in their homes can be seen, a canvas from which to imagine or witness acts that entice Rachel to dream.<br/>When a couple Rachel sees from the train are in trouble, Rachel reveals that she saw a strange man kiss the wife before the wife went missing and the husband is a suspect. Rachel's tenacity peels back layers of the truth...but with the most unimaginably horrid consequences...yet, a journey worth taking.
Easy reading
I am reading this book for a "mystery" book club/discussion class at the University of OK, part of the OSII, which stands for Ocher Lifelong Learning Institute.I just finished the book last evening, and the author develops her main character well, with distinct details about her alcoholism; but she is much more vague about the character development of the other people in the story.  I thought the middle part of the book was "draggy", and got tired of her flashbacks, but that is part of the disease of alcoholism.I know the book has been popular, but I am not sure I would recommend this book "for just everyone."  Thanks.
A great psychological thriller with twist and turns reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock's best works. The narrators are 3 women who appear different but whose lives are linked in unexpected ways. This book has murder, mystery, and flawed characters whose behaviors can be frustrating to the reader until we get to know their histories. They are imperfect people trying to find a perfect life. Great character studies delve into how the mind perceives events and protects us in times of severe stress and trauma. While the main mystery may be solved by some readers, I liked that there were still a few surprises after the "end." Highly recommend.
I'm blown away by this debut novel. It's was intriguing and suspenseful and kept me on the edge of my seat until the very end. I was utterly confused at the very beginning but this author does a beautiful job at building the layers of this story and piecing it all together as the story progresses. As I got deeper and deeper into the book, slowly each detail and the meaning behind it, clicks into place. But just when you think you have it all figured out, you realize you don't. It's not an explosive conclusion but one that will have you affirming your suspicions no matter how fleeting they were. If you liked Gone Girl, you will love this book.
I enjoyed reading this book but when it ended, I did realize that there were several flaws in the character development and I felt somewhat tricked. The author developed several of the characters nicely but then intentionally left out details about some others that made the ending feel like a cheat. The premise was interesting: the narrator seeing a house everyday on her train ride into the city and making up lives for the occupants...eventually she discovers much about their true lives and how it differs from what she had invented and how it also relates to her own past history. I would recommend it but you might not be thrilled by the end.
I won't review the plot because I hate it when reviewers do that.  You all know the gist of the story.  As I was reading it I was thinking Gone Girl again and I guess many others were thinking the same thing.  None (and I mean none) of the characters were in even the slightest way likable.  I finished the book because I wanted to know how the author would bring this to an end, but not because I felt it was a good book.  It was rather painful to read.  All I can say is if you want to read it, go ahead, but for me it wasn't an enjoyable read. It was more, read it because everyone else is, and my book club picked it and now I can say I read it.
I’d initially been on the fence about buying and reading The Girl on the Train, not because I was put off by the content but because it reminded me of so many other bestsellers I’d already read. But I gotta tell you that I’m a sucker for taking a walk on the dark side, so I eventually caved and made the purchase.<br/><br/>Despite the formula, the storytelling and style is unique so I’d still suggest you give this a go if you’re into a psychological thriller that digs very, very deep. It’s not a book for the faint-hearted or those looking for happily ever afters, but it’s a solid one if you enjoy reading about humanity’s more sinister side.
My problem with The Girl on the Train was not the "unreliable" set of narrators, it was that they were interchangeable.  They were all neurotic, hiding things from their pasts and their "voice" was the same. The men could have been interchangeable as well. The men, likewise, were similar, sometimes tender, sometimes not, messy, sneaky and they liked beer.  This may have been a plot device to enhance the suspense, but it wore thin.  I was longing for someone to root for, but the sorry set of characters turned me off.  (I confess I had the same reaction to Gone Girl.) Good literature has memorable characters.  This book didn't.
Normally, I shy away from books like this. But this one was brilliant. The character is very convincing, a woman who has become an alcoholic after a bad marriage, and basically now no longer knows what is real and what is not.  But some perception and moral authority remains to her, and when she sees what she sees, she responds.<br/><br/>This was a very well told, very immediate story with a first person character who does not seem like a budget author's device. It kept me reading and involved all the way to its its excellent ending. Highly, highly recommended.
This book is a certified page turner. The story revolves around 3 women who all share the same life but seem to be at different points in it. Anna the former mistress turned happy housewife who is struggling to convince herself that the family life is everything she needs. Megan, the tamed runaway converted into a suburban slave who will do anything to feel the freedom of her former life. Then Rachel who spends her time drifting between a bottle and her past life, unable to move past her wine and gin induced purgatory.<br/><br/>While the writing and the ending could have used some more thought it was overall an entertaining and easy read.
There are no  redeeming features in any of the characters in this book. Most depressing.
Found this story line very confusing and not  interesting  enough to keep me reading it.
Did not finish reading the book.  Read about a third & detemined it was boring nonsense.
This is a captivating book that keeps you guessing the villain until the last few pages.
slow dimwitted book with less than zero plot. Can believe it is on the best seller list.
I loved the provocative title and the idea of someone "mocking up " their fantasy of what other's lives were like  from a train...loved the way she had names for them etc.....then  when it started very quickly to turn into a thriller I couldn't put it down.  The character development was very interesting told from the three different viewpoints as the plot unfolded in surprising ways until by the end I was on the edge of my seat with suspense until I started speculating as to how it would turn out and then couldn't wait to find out if I was right. Helene
I can see why this book is such a hit. Pamela Hawkins is a very fine writer I will continue to follow. She has a great read on human nature and fills her characters quite surprisingly with endearing and not so endearing human gifts and flaws that weave into the plot development so cleverly, you hardly know which way the it will turn. I found it very hard to put down and read into the wee hours. She speaks in many voices, including the victim's voice which is a storytelling technique that works for me almost every time. Hawkins is a real master at pushing and pulling the reader forward and backward in time. I liked how it turned out. Enjoy!
At first I didn't like any of the characters in The Girl on the Train, but I still could not put this book down. The writing at times was confusing until I understood the author's rhythm. The main character is an addict, so the timeline can be a bit jagged, as this character occasionally blacks out and then has to go reconstruct what happened during those lost hours.<br/><br/>My book club read this book. It gave us lots to talk about and everyone liked it. A couple of us figured out who the killer was before the end of the book and a few were totally surprised.<br/><br/>I would compare it to Gone Girl, but I did like this book better.
I only made it through the free sample and found it so depressing that I could not imagine why anyone would actually buy this book!  And yet, it is very popular.  How can that be?  I saw a woman in a doctor's office reading it and asked her if it got better.  She was almost done with the book and said "no, it's awful, I kept reading thinking it would get better but it hasn't".  We bonded over wondering how on earth this book got so popular!  So I told her about the book I did like after reading the sample Nightengale by Kristin Hannah.  Great story and wonderful themes of love, self sacrifice, standing up to evil, and forgiveness.
It is suspenseful. I enjoyed the way the plot unfolds - we don't know what is real and what is not real, who to trust, and what really happened to anyone, anywhere.<br/><br/>I like the presentation of the ethereal couple Jason and Jess and the dismantling of their world which reveals so much more.<br/><br/>I wouldn't say it is my favorite book. The characters, in many cases, are deeply flawed and screwed up but that doesn't mean that it feels like a lie. In fact, even though lies and liars and lying is rampant in this book - - a lot of it manages to ring true (though some seems more cinematic).<br/><br/>3.5 stars would be my rating.
So did I love this book? I would have to say no. Not because it wasn't a great book. It was exquisitely written. And very much along the lines of Gone Girl as it stops you in your tracks and lingers long after the last page has been read. Unlike, Gone Girl which left me angry at the ending, the ending to this book was fitting because how else can you possibly end a book like this? But, now, I'm left with a horrible feeling of melancholy that I must deal with.<br/>Is it worth the read? Definitely. But I think my next book should be about rainbows and unicorns.
I picked this up after seeing good reviews and a comparison to Gone Girl (which maybe is not high literature but was a gripping page turner with great twists).  This book fails to measure up .  Too much time is spent at the beginning setting up Rachel's issues (and oh the repetition in that - yes, we get that she's a drunk -- and how many times do we need to read about a fussy baby as "the baby was grizzling"?), and then, when the story should be reaching its climax, it is rushed and relies on cliches and tired, forced dialogue to wrap up.  I do not recommend.
I loved this book! Paula Hawkins had me on the edge of my seat the whole way through. The unreliable narrators kept the story exciting; there was always something new to discover. My only hangup was the tell-all ending, in which all the leftover pieces of the story were regurgitated en masse; for that reason, I would give THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN four and a half stars if I could. In spite of that, I've rounded up to five stars for the sake of this review, because the exhilarated feelings I had while reading trump the wrap-up. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading mysterious thrillers with realistic characters and relationships.
This book is such a page turner I plunged through it in 3 days. The plot grabs me from the beginning. A woman narrating her observations and thoughts sitting on a train. Why is she so obsessed about the people living along the train tracks? Why is she making up stories of them? What is her story? My thoughts of each character evolves through the story. As I uncovered more of their lives, the characters take on additional dimensions. At the same time, the plot leads you through twists and turns, trying to play detective and unlock the puzzle behind all this.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book. It will keep you intrigued and involved.
This is a constantly evolving story which is why it keeps you reading. In fact, it was very hard to put this book down. It starts off seeming like the story of a woman who happily lives vicariously through others. Then it evolves into a story about relationships and how hard it is to let it go when it ends and then evolves yet again into a murder mystery.  And that's just from the point of view of the main protagonist. It's written from the point of view of 3 different women which gives it wonderful texture.  It also provides wonderful twists and turns.  I didn't see the ending coming. It's an excellent read that I'd recommend to anyone.
This is the British version of "Gone Girl".  How well do we really know our "loved" ones?  The main characters are all dysfunctional and unsympathetic.  But if they were normal, there wouldn't have been such a convoluted and scary story.  It would have been a boring story.  Once a started reading the story, it drew me in and wouldn't let go.  I stayed up late to read as much as possible and was frustrated that I had to go to work the next day.  After work, I couldn't wait to get back to the story.  I look forward to Ms. Hawkins' future books.  I felt that Rachel's story was still unfinished.  Maybe there will be a sequel?
This is not a bad story, but it doesn't bring anything new. The writer juggles suspicion between characters<br/>(Possible spoiler)<br/><br/>then reveals the murderer to be the least suspected character.<br/><br/>(Spoiler)<br/><br/>Also the ending was a let down, where the "villain" does the typical i will explain everything now, and the "heroine" who is portrayed as a weak depressed alcoholic,  suddenly has the power to stab a person and do some kung-fu moves on the villain.<br/><br/>(End of spoiler)<br/><br/>As I said this is not a bad story, but you probably have read this or seen this numerous times before.
I got better understanding of consequence of domestic violence after reading this book.
It is a little confusing keeping up with who is speaking and when. Spellbinding though.
GREAT READ! Couldn't put it down for 2 days!! Hope I see it on the big screen one day .
I found the main character's alcoholism and her consequent choices a little depressing.
Good mystery but weird unlikeable characters. Did keep my interest all the way through.
It's complex and totally detailed, so much at times I felt like I was literally inside the neighborhood of this story seeing these people wander by.  I was engrossed and while I did guess the killer acturately from the beginning from details she slips into the early chapters,  I thoroughly enjoyed going through all the twists and turns as crime and the 3 women's views are played out.  What I also love is the timliness of the theme and without being a "spoiler", the importance this story is for all women to read.  It's really about seeing things as they are rather than how you want them or imagine them to be in relationships.
This may be the buzz book of the year but if you are looking for Gone Girl you will be disappointed. The characters are not well developed and by the end when all is revealed, I just didn't care that much. I don't mind unreliable narrators, it can make a novel all the more interesting, but I do not enjoy spending time with drunks which is how the main narrator, Rachel, is described. I don't think that she ever becomes sympathetic which is fine but you have to care about some character in the novel to keep reading and I don't know that any of them fills that bill. If I hadn't been reading this on a plane, I would have given up on it.
Great book! The story moves back and forth in time and is told from three different perspectives but I didn't have trouble knowing where I was. I read a review of this book that mentioned "unreliable narrators" and that is great way to describe the narrative. Each character tells the story from their perspective, which is incomplete and skewed by their own experiences and biases. I suspected the perpetrator briefly early in the book but then discarded that notion so I was completely surprised when that character was identified. I think I suspected each major character at some point! That's a sign of a great whodunit, right?
This is a "chapter" book wherein different characters narrate different chapters. There could have been more character development for both female and male characters, in my opinion. The ending was definitely not anticipated. Rachel rides the same train every morning. To pass the time, she looks out the window, inventing stories about the people she sees every day. She even gives them names. One day, she sees one of the women kiss a man who is not her husband. Later, she finds out the woman is missing. One might need a notepad to keep track of who is who doing what . I only wish the characters had been more fully developed.
This book is truly amazing. I loved it! It is fascinating,thrilling, beyond suspenseful, character-driven and very entertaining. It's the kind of book that really is impossible to put down after a certain point; Definitely not your typical mystery novel. Those who compare the book to "Gone Girl" and call it Hitchcockian are absolutely right. I urge all fiction fans to read it not just those who like mysteries, as it is so much more than a mystery.<br/><br/>Jennifer Leigh Wells<br/>Author of "Rebecca: The Making of a Hollywood Classic"
The story might have been interesting if I felt like any of the characters were likable or even described well. Very few of the characters, though speaking in first person, were realistically written. There was no real background to any of them; it was written like a fake, cheap romance novel, if you ask me. It felt as if everyone were distant in the story. By the end, I just wanted to get through it so I could say I finished and would be able to talk about it with my book club. I left feeling like I didn't care if anyone lived or died, not because I'm an uncompassionate person, but because the characters felt so unreal. Not good.
At first, the detailed first-person writing style sucked me in. But then it wasn't picking up speed, just felt depressing reading how out of control Rachel's addictions were, but then I tried some more and it finally gained traction and before I knew it, I couldn't put it down. By the end, I was hiding from my family so I could finish it without interruption :). I haven't read a book this engrossing....and so incredibly spot-on with personality motivations and actions...in quite a while. Highly recommend it...to those who are struggling, those who are causing others to struggle, and those who need to recognize the dangers of both.
I really enjoyed this book. It usually takes me months to complete a novel and I am always looking for the next page turner. The Girl on the Train was it!  I thought the character development was well-done and the relationships among the different characters very believable.  Plot twists and turns kept me intrigued and always wanting to read the next chapter rather than put out the light on the nightstand.  Well written narrative descriptions of the English countryside made the story seem all the more real.  A must read for those who appreciate Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl and other books of that ilk.  I can't wait to see the movie!!
While the characters were enough to keep me interested, I can't get over the fact that the mystery, the backbone of this novel, was incredibly weak. Hawkins has crafted this wonderfully complex female characters, each of them compelling in their own way. The side characters also felt very real, almost as if I might stumble across these people on the street. I also really liked Hawkins writing style, it felt very real and complex.<br/>But like I said before, the mystery was totally lacking. The ending was both predictable and disappointing, and if the characters hadn't been there, there was no way I'd have been able to finish it.
This was a pretty good mystery. As many have said this story does have an element of Hitchcock’s Rear Window.  A woman riding on a train thinks she sees  something sinister but she’s not exactly sure just what she saw.  Another woman has gone missing and there are plenty of suspects who may be involved. Lots of evil, intrigue, and plot twists, certainly enough to keep you going throughout the book.  My problem was that I didn’t find either of the main characters very sympathetic.  You want to be rooting for them but they are both weak, damaged, and deceitful.  So who can you trust?  But certainly this novel is well worth reading.
There are so many reviews, that it almost seems senseless that I add another one, but I just want to let readers know that I found this book to be really different, especially in how it was written (alternating from the viewpoints of three different women). I found this book to be suspenseful and gripped my attention clear to the end. This is the author's first novel, and I look forward to more of her writing. This book draws a lot of different feelings about all three women and kept me up all night to finish it. Suspenseful, unique and thrilling - what more do you want in a good book? A fast read that I found really interesting!
Well, that was an uplifting story. Not. I like dark books, but I also like books to offer a little hope. I listened to this as an audiobook, and enjoyed the various voices, but it made the story hard to follow until well into halfway through. I couldn't flip back and forth to remind myself who was speaking and what year/month it was. It took me many chapters to finally place all the characters in the proper situations. There were many suspenseful moments, and the author did a very good job at misdirection regarding the killer. However, once it was clear who it was, the author took way too long to resolve the situation...about 15 chapters too long. I didn't  enjoy the book, as I really didn't feel there was anyone in it for me to root for.
This book started out good with some twists and turns but the ending was very disappointing. Before reading this book i thought the main character Rachel sounded interesting because she has had a difficult past, instead she lets her past affect her future, was bitter and refused to move on with her life, in all honesty she was pretty pathetic. The fact that Rachel is an alcoholic and has black outs makes for an interesting plot but the fact that every day she tries to remember one specific night makes the book seem very repetitive. The ending was what i disliked the most because i predicted what happened several chapters before.
It creeps up on the reader, this book. You drift along as if you were on a train, stopping at the odd signal, and then suddenly you realise that the structure is much more complicated. The book is written from two directions, designed to meet in the middle. And that the narrators are the three woman central to the plot, including the victim, who is still there at the end having died much earlier. No men's voices, no police in strains. It is occasionally bland, there are gaps, but as the train speeds up so does the story, 'till you can't wait to confirm what is starting to become evident. Oh yes, this may be called a page-turner!
This novel kept me in suspense throughout the book.  As an avid reader, I generally rate a novel as good if I'm thinking about it during those times when I'm not reading it. I rate a book as very good when I have to put it down, and find myself not only thinking about it, but thinking about what the characters are going to do next and then I find myself clearing my schedule so I can get back to it.  The Girl on the Train was that book for me.  The plot was intricately woven in ways that kept me wondering and second guessing myself about what the protagonist was going to do next.  It was a very good read, and I highly recommend it.
I detested all the characters in this book.  Don't understand how it is a best seller.
I ended up liking the book. It was hard to get through the pain of the main character.
Couldn't put it down!  It's 2:20 am, and I have to be up at 7:30, but I had to finish.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  Lots of action with a great ending.
But I kept hearing about this book. I really liked it. A lot. I like that it came from the point of view of the victim and the characters all who may have killed her. The main characterRachel got on my nerves be she Was so weak. But as the book unfolds you see the chinks in other characters armour-and Rachel's weaknesses and issues are pale in comparison to others!  Nobody is always what they seem.<br/>This kept me reading and guessing -close to the end I had pretty much figured it out.  Looking back I wonder if. I should have gotten it earlier! That's fun reading. I was in suspense. Give it a read. You won't be disappointed
We read this book for my book club this month and while it started out slow for me, by time I got in a ways it picked up until I was racing to read to the end. I liked the book very much. It was suspenseful and I did not have it figured out part way through like I do with many novels. I like that it fooled me. However, I did not care for the writing style of the author. I do not like it skipping from each characters perspective and I do not care for the dates skipping around. Other than my own personal dislike for the writing style, the story itself was riveting. I do recommend it for anyone that likes a good suspense novel.
Confusion to enlightenment. I've played the game of describing a person from just looking. Rich or poor, gentle or angry, mafia or civilian, good or bad parent, stressed or not, employed or employer, etc. The girl on the train played the game everyday. She had no life so was content to invent lives of the people she saw while on the train. The train rides were confusing until she reveals she's unemployed and why. The story progresses with one revelation after another. It all finally leads to her realization of her ex-husband's manipulation and infidelities. She finally expiates herself to her satisfaction. A very good read.
I really enjoyed this book. For me it was a physiological thriller. The characters did remind me of the book Gone Girl, but I enjoyed that thriller also! The main character, Rachel is an alcoholic and has lost her job. She does, however, pretend she is going to her job and does so on a commuter train on a daily basis. Rachel watches the world from the window of the train including a couple who are frequently out on their terrace when the train goes by. She even gives the couple names! The woman who is part of the couple goes missing and Rachel enters their world. I was very absorb in this book and found it hard to put down.
This one is impossible to put down - my husband and I both tore through it in no time at all.  The funny thing is that the characters are all incredibly unattractive - selfish, impulsive, greedy, addicted - but you tolerate them because the genius is in the story and how these imperfect people are pulled together to frame a great whodunit.  Once you're hooked, it will make you late if you need to go somewhere and keep you up at night as you race to the conclusion.  Loved it.
I had no idea what to expect from this book.  Stephen King loved it, and it had fantastic reviews on Amazon, but I knew nothing of the storyline.  I'm glad I didn't, because I may not have decided to read it, and would have missed out.  Well written, telling the tale from three different perspectives:  the titular girl on the train, the mistress/new wife, and the nanny...sort of.  While I resolved the crime and mystery long before the main character, it didn't detract from the narrative, nor the suspense of the climax.  I'm lucky to have found the book as a deal through bookbub, and would definitely recommend it to others.
This is an absorbing summer read. Alternating viewpoints slowly build a picture of a crime and lead to the perpetrator. The best thing about this book, for me, was the portrayal of women in thrall to a controlling man and the very convincing way that competent and intelligent women lose their confidence in themselves and their perceptions. The reader is along for the ride. You will find your own perceptions challenged and you'll be guessing about what really happened. There isn't a single moment of reveal, instead there are several red herrings and then the certainty about what's really going on will grow on you. And grow.
Though 2 stars is a low rating this book isn't terrible by any means, it's just nothing exceptional. The writing was good, I can't fault Paula Hawkins on that. The problem is the disdainful characters. My contempt for them stems not from their acts but rather their lack of any redeeming, interesting, qualities. I can be enthralled by characters like Dorian Grey or Frank Underwood regardless of their unsightly actions because their personalities stand out. In The Girl on the Train each character is only a collection of actions and plot related concerns that changes like "clouds scudding across the sky, now dark, now light."
The main character is irritating, annoying, lazy, pathetic, and a drunk. This was a terrible book. I thought it was going to be amazing because it was on the best selling lists and it was a total let down.  My husband and I listened to the audiobook on a summer road trip and it was painful.  We have to force ourselves to listen to it to justify my purchase of it.<br/><br/>It is not thrilling, not exciting, not mysterious, not well written, simply not good. This is not a thriller if that is what you are expecting. A book is always tough to read when you dislike the main character.<br/><br/>I do not recommend this book.
I bought this book on Monday and finished it on Thursday...it was that thrilling. I didn't love this book, though, and now I feel like I need to read something light and fluffy. It's very dark with little warmth or humor to balance the sinister. Everyone who's compared this book to a Gillian Flynn book is right...the books have that same dark feeling. The story itself is all right, but at the end I badly wanted to know a little more about what happened to the characters.<br/><br/>This would be a good book to take to the beach-it's an easy read. I bought the Audible version at a reduced price and the narrators are great.
This is one of those books when you finish you just to have to ponder it for a few minutes.  I thought it was a good book because I had to finish it, but I can't say I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The main character is not exactly endearing--most alcoholics are not--but she had a willing and good heart.  This is a terrible pun but reading this book is like staring at a train wreck you just can't look away and therefore I just  to see how it all sorted out in the end.  While this doesn't seem like a favorable review I'd loved for my friends to read just so we could talk about the balance of the relationships between characters.
I read this book in one sitting while traveling by plane.  I would not have been able to keep track of all the changes in characters and dates if time had elapsed between readings.  The book is not what is seems at first, about a girl who is merely an observer of people she sees from the train.  I won't give away the plot, but the author does a good job of pulling us in and making us care about the people.  She tells incidents from multiple view points, something I always find interesting.  I could have used a little less time travel, but it all coalesces at the end when it matters.  Good read once, wouldn't read again.
This was a quick read, but super cheesy; the last 2/3's of the book reminded me of a lame horror film.The characters were uninteresting and too similar. The plot was was extremely far-fetched. Most of the mystery surrounding the story pertained to Rachel's profound drunkeness and lack of memory of key events as a result. Then at the end of the book she suddenly remembers. How unreal that almost every character in the story had an affair/pregnancy with each other. I could go on, but the most unrealistic event occurs when Tom gets up with the baby when the monitor goes off so Anna can sleep. What man does that?! Two Stars
It is so gratifying to read a mystery/crime novel (my favorite genre except for Grisham) that is well written. I followed up with "Disclaimer" which is another well written read. These are both by British female authors. WAY TO GO! It was a great wrinkle to complicate the narrative by the excessive drinking and fantasies of Rachel. You just had to keep reading to unravel the fact from fiction and arrive at the truth. Great character development allowed us to really know these people. Sometimes authors allow a compelling story to overwhelm the individuals who populate it. Not so here. Thank you! Mary Ellen Poulos
I couldn't figure out "who done it" until very close to the end.  Great read!
One of the worst books i have read in a long time. Do not waste your time or money. Z
I don't know how this became a number one seller.  Poorly written and hard to follow.
Started out slow, but had a great twist. If you like Gone Girl, you'll love this book
I took a break, put the book down and realised I was already halfway through and nothing really happened. Easy to read, but honestly I've read better, and the outcome of the mystery/motivation was "cliché". I've come away with the opinion it's about middle class women, all bored, unhappy or paranoid about husbands cheating. The author tried making me care about these characters, but I didn't, perhaps something to say about the character development. It just wasn't very good considering the hype I've heard. Better options out there for a thriller, gosh it can't even be considered a thriller. It was just... blah.
The first two-thirds of the book were a cross between tedious and enticing. The detailed experiences of the three women and their inner turmoil left me drained, and questioning why I kept plodding through the pages of these screwed up lives. At the same time, I didn't want to take a chance that I'd miss a clue so I'd "chew" on every word thinking it's got to reveal something I will need to know to help solve the mystery. The last third of the book proved to be a downhill slide where I no longer had to work at analyzing content and just got to enjoy how all the loose ends cleanly wove together. I'm glad I stuck with it!
This book has been recommended by so many sources as "the book to read this summer." And was compared favorably to "Gone Girl." In the spirit of comparisons, this is a far better book than "Gone Girl." It certainly has a much more satisfying ending, but similiarly, both books involve the dark side of human nature. Rachel's narrative is so pathetically alcoholic that you want a full glass of cold water and an aspirin to alleviate your aching head. It is a page turner, and a quick read. And most happily, there are characters here who are flawed, but deserving of sympathy (unlike the utter contempt I felt for all in GG).
Okay, I was very tempted by this book so finally I bought it. I do have to say the story was intriguing. It did take me a long time to figure out who did it. Rachel's memory loss made things a bit creepy. But in the wee hours one morning I figured out who did it so I had to read some more, and I was right.<br/><br/>When the book started out, I thought it sounded a lot like "Rear Window", only from a train, not an apartment. But the story became unsettling. More than "Rear Window". But it was interesting. And a little creepy. But those are my opinions. This was a pretty good book but not for everyone.
This book was recommended to me, so that was a great beginning. I liked the premise of this book. I liked the repetitiveness of her train ride with the little differences and nuances of each day. I wouldn't call this book a thriller, but a good mystery.  The conclusion was fairly easy to guess, but I liked it that it didn't hit you from left field. It made sense, and I liked that. I enjoyed this book. I wouldn't HIGHLY recommend it. It is an easy, fast read. That is why I rated it 4 stars. It is nice to sometimes have a breather from heavier, deeper books. I will want to try another book by this author, Paula Hawkins.
This story caught my attention right away.  You just had to continue reading to see what was really going on.  I really enjoyed reading it.  This book reminded me of the writings of one of my favorite authors Ruth Rendell.  If you are a fan of English authors, whether it be mystery, suspense or just good story you will like this book.  The similarity I found between the writings of these two authors is not the reason I liked it so much it was just an added bonus.  I hope that Paula Hawkins writes another one soon to see if I am right. And, if so, she establishes her own followers of readers that say she is a favorite.
With the various narratives between three central female characters, the book has no problem grabbing your attention. But it begins to lag when Rachel's stupid decisions become tiresome. It's ok that she has flaws, being an alcoholic, but even in her sober right mind it's hard to like her because she's so pathetic and needy. Also it's frustrating when you've figured out the mystery long before the main character does. I was ready to be done when the killer started his: "and now comes the point where I explain how I carried out my evil plan!" monologue to the main character. It felt incredibly 1 dimensional and stale.
This was a hard book to read.  The characters are somber and depressing, with Rachel being the worst.  Spiraling downward into the abyss of alcoholism, unable to remember certain events that tie in to a local woman's disappearance and death, she nonetheless tries to help the grieving husband and the police solve the mystery, totally putting off both with her instability.  The author's tack of writing this tale from the perspective of the three women in it, coupled with the juxtaposition of the stories along the timeline, make it an interesting read.  Some have likened this work to "Gone Girl"; not even close.
I enjoyed reading this book which is why I gave it 3 stars.  Yes, it is something of a page-turner.  I had to finish it just to get to the climax and find out "who-done-it."  But, it is not on par with Gone Girl.  It's failings prevent me giving it a 4 or 5.  Nor should it be compared to a master such as Hitchcock.  Ms. Hawkins may aspire to and strive for such greatness, but she didn't achieve it with this - her debut novel.  And one shouldn't expect her to. The plot and structure are clever.  The characters, however, are unbelievable and unrealistic and their actions and choices are convenient for the plot.
Ha!  What a great book for psychology majors.  How in the world do women with low self-esteem create their own inner drama.  Well, here you are; three women creating seemingly logical murderous drama making themselves and the men they love nuts.  Very well written from the moment you step on the train with the first girl and you can't put the book down.  An interesting therapist is part of the tale.  I'm not sure he helped anyone. On the other hand perhaps he gave some subtle help for a memory blocked by an alcoholic blackout.  Get on the train if you dare and let these women take you on their flawed mind-game trips.
I could not put this down! The train ride of your life within the pages of this novel. Lives are so entwined in this story of cheating, alcoholism, and murder. Rachel is the barren Ex, who loses her husband because she lets depression lead her to alcohol. He moves his mistress into her home and marries her and they have the baby, Rachel always wanted. Now everyday, Rachel must pass her old home on the train and see her once happy life being played out by her ex-husband and his new wife, Anna. Two doors down she also watches her imaginary couple, who she knows must be living the perfect life, a life she longs for too.
I loved this book.  You know that feeling when you are reading a book that you really like and you can't wait to get back to it.  That is the feeling that this book gave me.  I can see this book as a movie that I would love to see.  Even knowing how it ends would not deter me from wanting to see this movie.  I figured out the end in the beginning of the book, but I still loved it.  Rachel's life was a train wreck and watching her self destruct with her drinking was hard -- like watching an accident that you don't want to see, but you can't look away.  I think most people will love this book!  Great job Paula Hawkins.
This book is gripping.  The characters start out as a collection of pseudo-random people, but as the book goes on, you discover connections between them.  I liked the way alternating chapters were written from the perspective of some of the characters.  I also liked the character development ... most of which showed serious flaws.  As far as the mystery was concerned, there were a few red herrings thrown in, but I had the murderer pegged about 100 pages before it ended (although not all of the details).  Because there were so few major characters, it was not too difficult to use a process of elimination to solve it.
If you like suspense, this is your book! Once I got into it, I couldn't put it down! If you are a fan of Alfred Hitchcock as the author is, you'll notice some similarities. The book is unique in that each chapter is told from a different person's perspective.<br/><br/>That being said, you may want to keep a cheat sheet at first so you get to know who is who. I must say I did get a little lost in the beginning.<br/><br/>Once the book grabs you, you're hooked & you won't be able to put it down. You'll think you know how it ends but you'll most likely be wrong until the very last minute.<br/><br/>An amazing book!
I enjoyed the suspense in this novel,  but came away feeling quite let down because of  its over population of negative characters., starting with the narrator, an unattractive, depressed alcoholic , fantasizing her intrusive way into the private lives  of any body and everybody who catches her  invasive attention. Reading  further, one character after another  joins the ranks of residents of this moral wasteland.  . When, at last, our thirty-something "Nancy Drew" comes out of her blackout,  the gory, rather contrived ending leaves us feeling rather unwell..  I love a psychological thriller, but...........?
I had high expectations for this book and I throughout the entire novel I was extremely let down. From the beginning, the characters were all extremely flat and difficult to like. I had a hard time wanting to read more simply because of the way the characters were established in the beginning. I will admit that in the beginning, there was some hope for a suspenseful and thrilling remainder of the novel but I felt that it was dragged out much more than needed and it was not what I had anticipated. I would not recommend this novel to anyone. I felt that it was a waste of time and sincerely not worthy of all the hype.
<i>The Girl on the Train</i> is thrilling and nearly impossible to stop reading! As you read, you delve deeper and deeper into the character's lives and their secrets.<br/><br/> Although, I suspected the whodunnit around halfway or a little after, the author made me question if I really knew who did it multiple times. The thing about this book is that you can't trust anyone. At times I would even question the narrators because everyone in this book has issues and secrets - but that's what makes this such a good and unsettling thriller.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is fast-paced and gripping. Highly recommend.
Since the moment I started it, I could hardly stop.  I finished it in four days (and I went to work and everything) It is very original, the characters are well developed and you know there is something more, but it is hidden very deep.  Some things are difficult to believe, but you will dont care.  The story is interesting, and it has plot twists all the time.  My feelings for the characters changed all the time, sometimes I understood and supported them, sometimes I got very annoyed with them.  Rachel, the girl on the train, is a real mess, and sometimes you will want to punch her!  Read it, you will not regret!!
The book started off a little slow because you have no idea of where it's going.  But it is well worth staying with it.  As the story unfolds from the different perspectives of the women involved, it twists and turns and the author does a great job in building the suspense.  Her characters are vivid, you empathize with each, and you're "hanging onto your seat" to see how it all turns out.  I enjoyed the book very much, and had a hard time putting it down.  Very satisfying ending, which can make or break a book for me, no matter how good it is.  I would definitely be interested in reading more Paula Hawkins.
The Girl on the Train is a bit over-hyped. In my opinion, this book doesn't deserves as much attention and praise as its gotten. I didn't hate it but I did figure out the ending about halfway through and got a little bored. The book started off slow and I had to push through it. The three women who give their point of view in this book are selfish and reckless. They make decisions without thinking about the consequences or how their actions affect others. The men aren't any better. I'm not sure which character I disliked the most. They're all pretty awful. I will admit it doesn't deserve the 1 star and 2 star ratings. It wasn't terrible. It was a unique story, just not my favorite.
At first I got very confused so I had to take notes when I was reading about the characters and the timeline. I was then able to follow the story time line. When I started to understand who the characters were and where they were at in the book and at what time in their lives, I could not put it down. I was a mystery. The characters were flawed and real. People are flawed and real. This is just what I needed, to see characters that I could identify with. It helped me realize that I am not the only one who romanticize about other peoples lives. I know that this was fiction, but it did come out of somebodys  mind.:)
I finished this one  in one day.  I thoroughly enjoyed it even though there is probably not one character I particularly liked.  Rachel is a hopeless alcoholic who blacks out.  Rachel spends her time riding a train back and forth to a job (she actually has gotten fired) to avoid telling her roommate the truth.  During one of these rides, she witnesses something that will change the course of her life.  I would say when reading a book most of the time, I look forward to one redeeming character, but this book has three women who have less than redeeming characteristics.  Still, it was intriguing and I did enjoy it.
This book is like a Gone Girl lite. Lots of twists and turns in the plot. Rachel is an alcoholic, divorced, and unemployed. She rides the train everyday to fool her flat mate that she is still working. She passes by her old home where her ex-husband lives with his new wife and baby. A few doors down, there is a couple. Rachel gives them names and makes up vignettes about their lives. Then the wife disappears and Rachel is involved but she doesn't remember how. I think the biggest problem is that, at least for me, I didn't particularly like Rachel, she is a bit of a mess. However, by the end I sympathize with her.
This book reads like a train:  beginning slowly without much fanfare, building speed as it rocks along, and then finishing full steam ahead to the conclusion. I was not sure I liked the main character--a good word to describe her would be "loser."  Yet as the book moved along, I found myself more and more drawn to her. This book is full of liars, and the surprising plot hinges on "Whom do I believe?"  My opinion shifted throughout the book, and I wasn't sure of the truth-teller until the very end.  I can guarantee that the book will keep you engaged.  I look forward to more books from this author.
This book got me hooked quick, it's written in that 'can't wait to find out what happens next" fashion so it started as a real page turner. I liked the premise. That being said, about 1/3 of the way into the book all hell broke loose as far as character development/motiviation/etc. The main character began doing incredibly stupid and non-sensical things. It was all very contrived. I figured out who the killer was half-way through (I kept hoping I was wrong because it seemed too easy but I was right) so the ending was disappointing. It was a quick read so if you go for it you won't waste too much of your life.
Bought becasue of the great reveiws, but ended up being predictable and a slow read.
Total waste of time. Cannot understand how it was number one on he best seller list.
One of the silliest books about an alcoholic, a couple of nuts cases and poor theme.
The main character is someone we've probably known in our own lives but her situation is even more bizarre than even the most hapless person you have known. Paula Hawkins weaves a riveting tale of a woman tortured by her past, pining for what might have been or can be and questioning her very sanity. This is one of those stories that you think, " I'll just read until the end of this chapter" but you keep turning the pages. You just can't leave this character alone for the night because you worry about her and don't know what will happen if you do.<br/> Definitely a book I will recommend again and again.
Since this was one of this Summer's popular reads I decided to download the book and give it a chance. The premise seemed interesting enough so I started reading. I ended up reading the book in 2 days (in between working and relaxing on my couch). I really enjoyed this book and recommend it to those who are fans of Gone Girl (which I am not, but it is similar). I have friends who have read the book and they found the main character Rachel to be rather annoying, however; I related to Rachel so this was not the case for me but it may be for you. I would give it a chance and be prepared to be sucked into the story.
I found this book to be extremely slow starting and confusing. You must be very careful when reading this book that you pay close attention to the dates and characters you are reading about.  This book flips from one person to another listing the dates and names of the characters in each chapter.  Many times I was going to stop reading the book but stuck with it.  It did improve after the first 100 pages or so.  I did finish the book, finally, but did enjoy parts of it.  The ending was not a surprise to me. Overall if you want a slow moving book in the beginning and gets better the more you read this book is it.
A number of reviews have done a great job on a summary of the plot already.<br/><br/>The characters, then.  Honestly, I know it's been mentioned but I could hardly stand anyone in this book until so near the end that I had difficulty feeling connected. I found myself beyond frustrated with Rachel's foolishness, alcohol-fueled or not.<br/><br/>That being said, Hawkins did do great job on the mystery.  Even with my distaste for the characters, I remained interested throughout the book, and by the finish, had made peace with at least the women.<br/><br/>I could recommend for an interesting read, but not rave.
I eagerly waited to read what I thought would be an awesome mystery.  I flitted through most of the pages hoping it would get better and it did about 3/4 of the way through. Some of the plot seemed clunky and slow-moving.  I kept with it as I wanted to find out who the killer was even though I sort of figured it out not too far into the story. I don't know what all the hype is about this book and a lot of people compare it to Gone Girl.  I don't remember that book very well and I don't think this one will stay with me long either. You can skip this one and still not feel like you've missed out on wonderful read.
One of the best novels I've read in a long time. Mind you, not the best, yet worthy of five stars. For me, to give a novel five stars I have to love the main character(s), and I never want it to end. Although it was hard to like any character in this book (in fact, all are unlikable--at least until the end) I didn't want to finish this novel. It is definitely a "who-dun-it," trying to figure out which of the unlikeable characters did it, and it is fun trying to figure out who did. When you do, the novel does lose a little of its punch, but not much. Therefore, to me, this novel earns the full five stars.
For me this book started slowly.  I almost put it down.  The two main characters were not the kind of people I would like to meet.  The third character is more interesting, but we get less of her, because it is her disappearance that drives the plot.  The book becomes more interesting as we readers want to know what happened to the woman.  I am not a great fan of mysteries, because most of the time the crime is ordinary and the reason for the crime is pedestrian.  For me, a good mystery must have an interesting protagonist and antagonist.  This book had neither, and, therefore, was not a compelling read for me.
I wish I had read more reviews before I decided that is was worth buying. It is a tedious story that failed to keep me entertained. I listened for long enough to regret wasting time on this story. It has intrigue, I'll give it that but it laborious to listen to. The narrators do a great job, it is the story itself that is lacking entertainment value. The only way I could imagine someone enjoying this story of a chronic alcoholic, a emotionally troubled cheater, and an annoying marriage wrecker is if that person was thinking: "I not as bad as these people, I have my life together much better than them."
I can't believe how many people gave this book 5 stars!  I thought it was terrible.  My pet peeve is when a book is narrated by different people, yet all of them seem to have the same personality, as is the case in this story.  I think what really disappointed me was that this could have been a good book - I like the premise - but it just did not deliver.  The "suspense" never really came across, and the characters are all so flawed that in the end I really did not care what happened or who "did it."  Maybe someone will make it into a movie and write a good screenplay...The story has potential.
I was not crazy about this book at all!! I know it's been a best seller for months, but I disliked the characters which didn't make the book an enjoyable read.  I wanted to grab Rachel and tell her to grow up and get on with her life in a positive direction!  I wasn't really surprised about how the story turned out.  I found Rachel to be a complete busy body, who couldn't handle her own life!<br/>Maybe I'm just too old to appreciate these type of characters, but I read Gone Girl and thought it was a fantastic book.<br/>Mary Klotz
If Paula Hawkins set out to create unlikeable characters, she succeeded enormously.  The men are all dispicable; the women are all weak in that they let themselves be defined by a man.  They all cheat and lie.  Some are even evil.  I found some of the happenings a bit implausible.  What started out to be an entertaining, alcohol induced, tale turned into guts and gore.  Probably one of the most sexist novels I have ever read.  Also quite disappointing after all the media hype.  I should probablyclarify that, in my opinion, the characters being unlikeable often makes for an enjoyable read but not in this case.
Excellent story telling in mostly first person. The characters become real and the reader is placed in the moment.The jilted wife finally decides on acceptable reasons of why she behaves irresponsibilly. Turns out everyone is a "bad guy", contributing to the downfall of the characters. I had a little trouble following the time line and the alternating characters, so read that piece carefully. I will read this book again and the read is in the realm of Hitchcock. The book will be better the second time time around. The story and the read time is certainly worthy of the price and I highly recommend it.
A page turner!  From different character perspectives, the story (with an unsolved murder) evolves in a refreshingly unique way. It is a character study novel where the reader gradually and intimately gets to know each personality woven into a web of interpersonal complexity. Putting all the characters' narratives together and analyzing "the most likely suspect" was an entertaining reader challenge. Piecing together the "teasing" clues of each character's capacity for murder made it hard to put this book down. Which one could murder?  I really enjoyed this book--very suspenseful, a good read!
This is a fascinating novel, written in an equally fascinating way. It takes a little time to get into the flow of how events unfold from the perspectives of the key characters (as they are presented individually), but once you're in the stream you'll find it difficult to put this book down. Not only is The Girl on the Train a great mystery, it is also a terrific description of the "human condition", in particular as it relates to drinking a way to deal with (or blot out) the realities of life, and a variety of other human foibles. It would be wonderful is someone grabs the film rights to this novel.
One of the best books I've ever read (listened to/audiobook)! Paula Hawkins is a gem! Her writing style felt like music to my ears! I finished this book 2 weeks ago, and I can't stop thinking about it!.. Intriguing, unique storyline, steadily built up at just the perfect pace. No wasteful sideline stories. Every word truly mattered. I could NOT put this book down. Highly recommend listening to the audiobook version because the narrators are simply mesmerizing in their delivery of this unique story, especially narrator Louise Brealey (who reads the role of Megan). I loved every word of this very special book.
I got sucked into reading this book the same way as someone would stop to look at a car accident.  I didn't want to do it, but I kept reading until I finished the entire book in one day!  I enjoyed reading the different perspectives written by each of the characters but the main character, Rachel, was extremely annoying and I disliked her immensely because of her alcoholism and the ridiculous decisions she makes throughout the book. This book reminded me of Gone Girl, which I did like until the terrible way that the author ended the book.  All, in all, it was a page turner but I wouldn't really recommend it.
I really enjoyed this book. I loved the story and twists and turns.<br/>The only thing that was difficult at times was following the characters and who was talking at any given time. This may have had more to do with reading on an e-reader than the novel itself. I noticed that if I put it down and then went back to it, sometimes it took a minute to reorient myself to the characters that were speaking. I haven't had this problem with most books I have read on an e-reader so it was noticeable.<br/>Still enjoyable read. Good plot.
The book moves fairly slowly, but the story line captures you enough to keep you reading. As the story unfolds, the main character appears to be more and more disturbed/troubled, which keeps you wondering whether what she says can be believed....or who can be believed or who might be in on this whole plot. The storyline keeps you guessing, but you can figure out the "who done it" before the conclusion - but because of an underlying story of the main character I think that was the author's intent. All in all, a good read that keeps you guessing, but not heavily suspenseful. I definitely recommend it.
This one was a book club assignment, expertly chosen by my best friend who didn’t know what to pick, so leaned over as asked her mom about a new book she’d bought on her Kindle. There’s been a lot of talk and hype about the book, so I learned it was a thriller, which was a good sign. However, this book pretty much bored me. I did not like any of the characters; the main character had no redeeming qualities and I felt unable to sympathize with her or care about what happened to her. The story moved slowly and was pretty predictable on several plot points. The narrators (there were three) were fine, at least.
I definitely liked it, but it's not my type. My favorite book series is A Song of Ice and Fire so I guess I lean towards fantasy as a favorite. However, I read this book in three evenings  which is saying a lot for me because I'm a stay at home mom and a student. It kept me up really late. I guess it was the wanting to know! I felt very pleased at the end which is a plus. I think my problem with all mystery books is the need to know the outcome so if it's good enough to keep me interested then I just can't put it down. I don't think this is a favorite but I enjoyed it, like I said, I tend to favor fantasy.
For those that compare this with Gone Girl, this book is not as good.  I don't know why but current fiction seem to frequently depict females as needy, whiney, neurotic and males as selfish and violent.  Sure, there are people like that and that is probably what makes some books thrilling, but I just didn't care for the character portrayals in this book.  The first part of the book I was pretty disgusted with all the characters.  It only got a bit better towards the middle and end of the book.  If I really like a book I will read it more than once, this book, I would probably not a book I would read again.
The story's main character is obviously troubled and her self-confidence is shaken. Putting her on this train was a clever way to convey her story. Passing very familiar locations, almost daily, enabled her to keep bringing up happier times but were constant reminders that while others were trying to move forward she was stalled in the past. What Rachel saw and what she imagined allowed readers to be privy to her thoughts, defining the manner in which the story developed. Hawkins' writing style kept me interested, but not on the edge of my seat. I am certainly willing to read more offerings by this author.
Interesting plot- reminiscent of Rear Window. I'm not sure why people wrote that this book was a slow read. For me it moved right along and was tough to put down. I started reading this at the start of a 2 1/2 hour flight and it made my plane ride fly by. Once I was home I then found my self making time to read additional chapters. It might have been a little predictable but I enjoyed the way the author let the characters describe their versions of the timeline. I also liked the fact that each of the characters' had believable personalities and issues (alcoholism etc..) which led to their behavior in life.
Barely readable. An interesting plot is made boring by obviously flawed characters.
Boring & repetitious. Saw ending coming a mile away. Good maybe for very naive YAs.
This book was very good. It kept my interest. I was really surprised at the ending.
An awesome book. A real page-turner, which kept me guessing all the way to the end.
Too slow!!!! Depressing!!!, Sorry I wasted my time reading it, it never got better.
It was a little hard to get into but once but then it was hard to put the book down
40 pages was as far as I could get. Perhaps the worst book I've ever tried to read.
Troubled,, jobless alcoholic Rachel aimlessly rides the train daily, observing as she goes the events in two homes,  one inhabited by her former partner and his new wife, another by a couple she fantasizes about for their perfect life...until a murder occurs, and eventually Rachel's hapless meddling links all the characters. I'm not usually good at predicting the denoument, but I saw the end to this coming long before it actually happened, and the characters were uniformly so unappealing and artlessly drawn that I didn't much care .  This doesn't belong in the pantheon of great thrillers, that's for sure.
Engaging, particularly for the shifting first-person points of view.  The main protagonist makes the typical ridiculous choices you'll see in similar thrillers, but as a psychologically troubled alcoholic, they seem more plausible.  Her portions of the book are the most enjoyable, and the mystery seems like almost a vehicle to introduce us to Rachel, rather than the other way around.  I would kind of like to see her stumble and drink her way through another story.<br/><br/>It's not a page-turner in the same way that Gone Girl is.  I don't think the comparisons are apt or fair.  It's good, not wonderful.
Despite the fact that there is not a single likeable character in the story, we all have our demons and I found myself able to identify on some small level with the main character. For me, the book did not deliver on it's potential of a taut mystery with a "didn't see it coming" ending; instead the story was a bit clunky, messy, and all over the place, much like the main character. The writing style, however, was enjoyable and I would enjoy reading a tighter, more inventive story from this author. Overall it was an okay read for a couple days while I was taking care of someone post-minor surgery.
I was so looking forward to this book. I've been seeing the reviews and thought it would be really good. I got the audio book version and started listening on my drive to/from work (no, not on a train!). The writing style of the author is OK, but the book is just awful. It left me feeling poorly towards humanity. None of the characters are likable nor have any redeeming qualities.They are seriously messed up. Not my kind of book at all. No suspense at all. I had it all figured out by the middle (as I'm sure most people did). Thriller? This is not a thriller. It's just bland and boring. Very disappointed,
The premise of this story pulled me in. Who hasn't wondered about the various houses glimpsed as part of our daily commutes? The reader quickly learns Rachel's observations are not to be trusted since she's prone to alcoholic blackouts. Did Rachel kill Megan? The story unfolds with some good twists and turns. Ultimately, the ending didn't come as a huge surprise, but was fitting given the parameters established by the narrative. This isn't a book for those who seek likable characters, but even unlikable characters bring their own type of solace in what is often a cruel and befuddling world full of liars.
While I did enjoy this novel quite a bit, I found the progression of the story itself to be a tad pondering and the plodding through several sections to come to revelations or actual development to the plot was a smidge tedious. The premise was interesting, the characters sharp, and the setting was all well and good, I just found it to be frustrating getting from one point to another, I suppose. Hawkins lays ample foreshadowing for guesses as to whom the true "bad guy" is here, but the false trails were equally as good and I would have really enjoyed any one of the options being the villain here.
So, I just finished this book. I have to say, it kept my attention for sure. I did like the alternating points of view, and the concept of a girl riding a train and observing lives from afar, and suddenly becoming involved in those lives was good. I sympathized with Rachel at first, but I soon became annoyed with her ridiculous behavior. Some of the characters were not as well-developed as they could be (Tom, Anna) and the ending felt very rushed and not in line with what I had come to know about the characters by that point. Good effort, needs some flushing out. A film, done right, would be interesting.
This was a little difficult to read for me, simply because the main character is an alcoholic, and I was going through a divorce from an alcoholic at the time I read this book, however, that's literally the ONLY negative thing I have to say about it! This book was suggested to me after reading Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn, and the authors do have similar writing styles, although this book is based in England. I am also not typically a fan of English Lit of any kind, but this book was awesome, and I will definitely be checking out what else the author has written! Easy to read and definitely a page turner!
The protagonist isn't the only psycho in this book.  Each one of the main characters is disturbed, their relationships are disturbed.  They criss-cross to the point I needed a score card to keep it all straight.  Each one contradicts him/her self consistently.  It happens within a page or two over and over and ....  Half way through it, I thought:  is there no end to this??  I finally skimmed the last 100 pages or so to get to the confession.  Then I was relieved it was over.  I absolutely do not understand the high reviews.
Interesting twists and turns for a while, but not enough to sustain the length of the book.  It became like O'Neill's interminable Long Day's Journey Into Night.  The writing wasn't interesting enough to sustain the dialogue repetition and flat detail of thought.  I finished it to find out what all the buzz was about...and because I kept waiting for a nuanced unreliable narrator.  What I got was a narrator who was drunk through most of the novel--so YEAH, she was unreliable!  The novel is a clunker: much ado about nothing.
I had to restart this book twice and almost put it down.  You need to get a little over 10 percent in to get past the lulling roll of the train and into the action.  It becomes a search for lost memories and a lesson in the perils of alcohol and/or self-deception. A Marple of red herrings.  It is engrossing once the story starts and I finished the rest in a single day.  I gave it 3 stars because of the slow start - which I admit may be more punishment than rehabilitation - and the fact that it was seemed derivative and more than a bit precious.  Still it was a good genre read and I recommend it to you.
A real disappointment. There are no likeable characters here. They are all miserable people who deserve what they've gotten. Even Rachel, the main character, doesn't deserve sympathy or respect, not because she's an alcoholic, but because she continually makes stupid decisions, even when she's sober. Okay, so the murder victim didn't deserve that, but this character is also repugnant on many levels.<br/><br/>The book gets a second star from me because author Paula Hawkins did manage to have me convinced the murderer was one person, and only in the last few chapters did it turn out to be someone else.
Fascinating characters in a literary mystery kept my attention to the end. While the characters are rather unlikable, they have a starkness to them that gives insight into their lives. It's definitely not an easy read in that it's not a happily ever after kind of story tied up in a little bow. The hopelessness of the three point of view characters has a hypnotic quality and had me wanting to know the answers to the mystery. Everyone is hiding something even from themselves. Brilliantly done. I loved the themes of women's lives, on their obsessions and self-worth. It gives you something to think about.
Rachell believes that she is the reason that her marriage failed.  Unable to get pregnant she becomes depressed and turns to alcohol. Now divorced, she rides the train to work and passes her former home seeing it now occupied by her ex, his new wife and daughter.  But that is not all she sees.  The perfect couple lives four houses away. Every day Rachell rides the train and hopes to get a glimpse of Scott and Megan, living vicariously in their perfect relationship, until...Rachell involves herself in a missing person case.  Many twists and turns in this who done it.  A fun read.  Loved the train ride.
A disappointing mystery with three narrators, so the chapters switch from one point of view to another.  Irritating rather than clever or suspenseful.  Maybe I have read too many mysteries, and that's why I found this so wanting.  The last really good detective/mystery story I read was last week: Freedomland by Richard Price, so perhaps I am too harsh, but my empathy was not aroused for any of the three narrators, and I always felt I was reading a story rather than in the midst of it.  This was crafted and written in an average manner, with nothing to make it stand apart from the average mystery book.
Competent but uninspiring use of language. Overall, it felt contrived probably because the author deliberately help back critical pieces of information at the time when it would have be natural to tell them in order to keep the plot suspenseful. The characters, especially the three women at the center of the plot were simply pathetic who simply could not make good decisions. I almost gave up a couple of times but in the end finished it. For those of use who cut our eye-teeth on mysteries and thrillers, the end was about what I was expecting. Overall, disappointing, especially in view of the build-up.
I bought this book on a whim just based on the fact that it was a best-seller and I needed something to read. I am really glad I picked this one. The way the story played out with chapters of alternating characters was very different to me but I mean that in a very good way. I felt like I got insight into each characters thoughts and how they felt during the same situations. I also enjoyed the fact that the book had twists and turns. I thought I had it figured out by mid-book but I was way wrong. I am now going to try to find other books where the authors write like this. I highly recommend this one.
I read many of the reviews and a close friend also suggested I read this book...so I did. Let me say I am disappointed that I wasted my time. Ummmm, it shouldn't take weeks to read a thriller...unless it really isn't that thrilling. The cast of characters were equally pathetic, and their collective drama was mind numbingly exhausting. Truth be told I didn't care what happened to any of them...the last fifteen pages of the book showed promise. However, much too little and way too late! I am personally unable to stop reading a book once I have begun, so my recommendation would simply be to NOT start...
This book will keep you hooked till you finish. After a long time, a true psychological thriller. This is one of those books that beg to be made into a movie. Just like "Gone Girl" before this. Characters are strong and keep you guessing and interested. Rachel, Megan and Anna are all victims but strangely they never feel like victims. From the beginning the reader understands that this is a story of triumph and of hope. No matter how bleak and sad things seem, there is always hope for something new. Hawkins remains masterfully non judgemental. In its self a hard thing in this kind of writing.
Completely addictive. Like a British "Gone Girl," this book took me on a roller coaster ride that I never wanted to end. Hawkins has created an indelible story that will stay with me long after reading the final words. I'm completely blown away and will definitely recommend this to my friends. Of course, there's going to be the inevitable movie made, but nothing can beat the versions of these characters in my head. The rich characters, the twisted story, and the specific setting all coalesce into a super intriguing and suspenseful journey. Read this book! I promise you won't be disappointed.
It is such a gradual approach, the reality of this book. At first watching the troubled behavior of an alcoholic woman made more real by this author's absolutely astounding grasp on alcoholism and how it affects one.  I thought that was to be the subject matter of the book. Then the creepy feeling that there is so much more evil in this book than first meets the eye. Bizarre acts after compulsive behavior make this a page turner you can't put down. This book makes for a mental disturbance equal to the train that that roars down the tracks, making a setting for murder. I strongly recommend this book.
i rated this a 1star because i am at 19% in and can not get to 20% ~ it is awful !
I do not find books about the abuse of women or abusers a source of entertainment.
Very interesting. I didn't see the end coming,I usually do.<br/>A very good read.
this book should have  -0000 STA The worst book, with no plot  ever didn'i finish.
Boring!  Characters are not likable, prose is ordinary. Don't understand the hype.
I really enjoyed the book! I decided to buy it to read on the plane on my way to Asia. I liked it! I almost left it behind because it was weighing my backpack down (LOL)! I actually enjoyed the story narration and it had a huge twist to it! It's not s***ty like Twilight and 50 shades (even though I read and loved all those books). It was eerie and kept me wondering what in the HECK is going on.<br/><br/>I read online that there might be a movie in the works! We shall see if and how it will turn out! I like to read books before the movies come out to see the difference. I don't believe it will disappoint!
The characters in this book represent, in some cases, people I have met in my life. Some are quite broken and display it openly, others shield their brokenness from the world. The issue of barrenness has haunted many women for generations, yet it is how they cope with it that builds character. Rachel lost her husband, her job, and her home as she spiraled into a state of depression with little to no support. She never lost her sense of what is right and just.  She never stopped caring for others even when she didn't take good care of herself.  I enjoyed the story. I hope for a sequel in the future.
I am not quite sure why this is a runaway best seller.  I get that it is intriguing.  And the alternating stories told through the characters in back and forth time periods makes it a bit different than your average, straight-ahead storytelling.  It is somewhat of a mystery, though nothing was a complete surprise to me.<br/>It wasn't so awful that I did not finish it, but I did more out of curiosity as to how it would turn out for the central character of Rachel than really caring about the outcomes of the various other characters.<br/>And it all had a rather high implausibility factor, as well.
This book was so depressing in the beginning that I thought, really? This is what everyone likes? Thankfully, I kept reading, and realized why everyone likes it. I like multiple POV's almost always - shifting timelines, I like less, and in this case it was a little confusing, but worked well in the end. Very suspenseful. 4 stars instead of 5 because of the depression factor (which was really only there in the first 25% or so), but mostly because the timelines kept confusing me. That aside, enjoyed this book all the way through and now I want to un-read it so I can read it again for the first time.
This was one of those books that you may have a hard time putting down at night, and will likely end up staying up way too late reading! It's a great psychological thriller that keeps you guessing until the end "who done it". I thoroughly enjoyed the plot twists, and the antihero main character Rachel with all of her alcoholic flaws. You can't help but root for her as the underdog, despite her constant erroneous behavior. I'd highly recommend this. It has a bit of a "Gone Girl" feel, at least sort of similar to the mystery that the first half of that book held. Something to keep you on your toes.
I avoid the best seller's list, usually, but when someone I trust gave me a 2 thumbs-up on this book, I believed it.  I was not disappointed!  To read the mess that is Rachel and her alcohol-riddled fantasy world and decipher what is reality is frustrating at times, but very entertaining with twists and turns.  I saw some of them coming, but as mysteries go, there was wonderful character development that I quite enjoyed along with the "who dunnit" element.  I'm recommending this book to everyone who enjoys a psychological thriller now and then; it was a great use of my limited free time!
The Girl On the Train by Paula Hawkins was indeed a book similar to Gone Girl.  I have to admit that I started the book a couple of times because I found Rachel quite a pathetic women, struggling with a past the drove her to become an alcoholic. It wasn't until I realized that the book followed the lives of 3 ladies and an imaginary couple, that I started understanding what was going on.  That was my third try and then I was hooked. I would say that it is a twisted thriller of who done it!  More details would destroy the story, by giving too much away.  Like Gone Girl, it will keep you guessing!
I really loved how the narrator changed throughout the book, it took me awhile to really get into the story but once I did it was the kind of book you can't wait to get home and pick up again.  The author did a great job NOT doing a lot of foreshadowing so the ending came as somewhat of a surprise and that made it more fun to make my own predictions along the way.<br/><br/>Don't expect this to read as well as a Gillian Flynn thriller, it took awhile for the story to really get rolling.  Definitely a good read, but compared to other books I've read in the same genre recently I gave it 4 stars.
I'm always a bit leery of best-seller mysteries. The pop culture marketplace seems to demand that there be extreme quirks or other excesses that set a book apart from an extremely crowded genre. I'm always delighted when I can enjoy a mystery in the same way that I enjoyed the A. Conan Doyle, Agatha Christie or Rex Stout mysteries as a young reader; as a puzzle built around interesting characters that is ultimately solved in a satisfying way. The Girl on the Train was such a book for me. It's probably not in my top ten mysteries of all time, but it was a very good read, and I enjoyed the ride.
At first I felt impatient with Rachael and all the drinking. It did seem like she was lost soul. I believed what Tom said about her. But once I realized that although alcoholic, she knew something and the thought persisted until she discovered the truth. I started to catch on when Anna started having doubts and the nagging unconscious memories Megan had came together. Finally I had to admit that the author had done a good job of setting up the character of Rachel, making everyone believe she was just a drunk, and then turning the whole thing around to be it was Rachel who discovered the truth.
This book starts out in such an intriguing manner.  I was instantly hooked!  Who is this woman?  What is she seeing?  I was speeding through pages faster than the train sped through the London suburbs.<br/>And then... The most heavy-handed use of a plot device that I've ever endured.  Ok, ok - I get it! She's an unreliable narrator.  It's as if the author had just taken a writing class based upon the utilization of plot devices. Twice.<br/>There was such promise in the novel, but it was sadly squandered by a plot device that was so overbearing that constantly pulled me out of the narrative.
Paula Hawkins does an exemplary job at spinning a tail displaying human behavior. She has crafted a story that is suspenseful, full of detail...you get a clear look into each character...BUT...the pieces fall into place timely. The reader is like the detectives...puzzled. It's the intrigue that propels the reader to get to the end if the book.<br/><br/>I found myself picking up the pace in reading just as the story climaxed...literally on the edge if my seat. Paula Hawkins is an excellent writer. It is beneficial as you read to pay attention to the dates. Happy reading, you won't regret it!
I'm ambivalent about this book.  I bought it because it is a prize winner.  When I started reading, I thought I'd made a mistake.  The narrator is so miserable throughout, so alcoholic, so unable to deal with her problems and obsessions that I almost quit reading.  However, the ending is such a surprise that it changed how I'd understood the whole story up to then.  I've read that the book is an example of an "unreliable narrator," but it's not that she's saying things that aren't true, it's rather the context in which her story should be understood.  It's a book that makes you think.
I read this book in a couple of days and enjoyed it.  I thought it was well written and I liked how each chapter was from a different character's point of view.  None of the characters were that likable, but then, who is?  :)<br/>But seriously, the main character was weak and did some pretty foolish things.  However, this made her interesting and you never knew what she was going to do next.  I do wish that she'd ended up being stronger after all she'd gone through, but she was still running away from things and afraid in the end.  I'd recommend this book as a fun, suspenseful and easy read.
I think the generous comparisons to 'Gone Girl' are a little misleading. Hawkins has written a terrifically fun, page turning mystery, with overlapping narratives that keep you guessing at least through the first two thirds of the book. But how the drama plays out feels much more akin to the very popular Leanne Moriarty books that Gillian Flynn. And not that there's anything worng with that, I've enjoyed both of Moriarty's recent books, but Flynn has an edge with "Gone Girl" that rises above what to me is a domestic drama told through the clever eyes of an unhappy train riding voyeur.
This book dragged on, I felt I was on a treadmill.  I quit reading after halfway.
Too long. Somewhat maudlin; maybe I should say self-indulgent.  Too long by half.
The novel was a bit disturbing on a number of levels, but did read it to the end.
Memo to all those of you who are healthcare workers who work a 7 on 7 off shift.  I thought I could read this on my breaks at work and maybe an hour at home,  I was wrong,  I could not put this book down and at 1 point contemplated calling in sick.  I didn't but I finished it and loved it.  So begin on your week off.  Don't worry about finishing it- you will have it done in the next two days.  I suppose like Gone Girl it has characters that are not very like able .  But the characters draw you in slowly and you reach a certain acceptance/understanding.  Great story and I recommend it highly!
I've been up until midnight the last two nights finishing this book. Once I got past the halfway point, I couldn't put it down! I loved the character build-up, and the plot kept me guessing and made me feel like anything was possible. In the end, the surprises kept coming until almost the last page. There were about 5 different times throughout the book that I was convinced I'd figured it all out, only to be thrown another curve again and again. Highly recommend this book (unless you enjoy getting to sleep at a decent hour...in that case, save this one for vacation or a weekend). Great read.
I also thought this book was a poor attempt to achieve the success of  "Gone Girl". I read a lot of books and this was one of the worst. I was very disappointed and almost quit reading it several times. Who can believe that five such dismally dysfunctional people could live on the same road? I didn't find any of them sympathetic. And the back and forth between Rachel, Megan and Anna was confusing. Now I know why. The author was only half finished with the book and, desperate for money, she submitted to a publisher. I hope her next book has appealing characters and a better narrative.
I was a little disappointed with this book.  Started out great with the suspicious bundle of clothing spotted alongside the track but the book then started to drag, I felt.  Being a stalker and heavy drinker didn't help either.  We can all sympathize with a broken heart, especially one where the person has had the beloved taken away [in our eyes anyway] but this lass just went on and on and didn't actually let up until something drastic happened.  I suspected the plot but was happy with the ending actually.<br/><br/>I felt the writing was good but just that it didn't connect enough for me.
This was a crazy ride!  Told in the voices of three women whose lives become entangled with disastrous results.  One is a drunk, one is a little crazy, and the third is obsessed with jealousy over her husband's first wife, although this is somewhat justified.  Once you're into this one it's hard to put down.  What are these people going to do next?  There is some depth of character as the women ponder how they ended up where they did; why they made those choices that got them to the frightening place they all end up in.  This puts this novel a bit above your run-of-the-mill suspense/mystery.
Yet I still did not think it was a great book.  I hated Gone Girl more than I can put into words.  I felt absolutely ROBBED after devoting so much of my life to that book.  It was an awful mess, in my humble opinion.<br/><br/>So, getting back to "The Girl on the Train"?  I have read many reviews of details, and cadence, and writing style, so I will not go that direction.  Just more more line from me.  The ending was a let down, and that makes for an unsuccessful book, in my eyes.<br/><br/>Okay, two lines.  Too bad - with a little more creativity this could have been a GREAT book.  You don't have to have me at "Hello".  But you DO have to have me at "Goodbye".  Total letdown in the end.
I am a young adult who is very much just into to reading the average young adult romance. This book, however, took me away from my norm and was surprisingly much more engaging than my usual. This book takes you from suspense to heartbreak to confusion  in seconds and you almost feel that you are the character experiencing these events. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a mystery with a different flare but I would also recommend this to young adults like me who are looking for an incredible book that may not be what you're used to but that is worth straying from that norm to read.
If you like constantly going back and forth trying to remember what time period you're currently in, then this is the book for you!  It wasn't what I'd call a "relaxing" read.  Whenever I put the book down, when it came time to resume reading, I inevitably had to go back and figure out if I was currently in the "present", "one year earlier", or the past.  The story took forever to get really interesting.  I believe I was at 80% of the book when it got really suspenseful and interesting.  If I read one more instance of Rachel being pushed around, I was going to gag!
The girl on the train is an alcoholic who is fired from her job and hides that fact from her caring roommate for fear of being homeless.  She observes a couple along her daily train trip, who live in her old neighborhood and makes up a story, in her mind, about them.  She becomes involved in a twisted story about the murder of the wife but what is true?  He ex-husband lives down the street with his new wife, "the other woman".  How are they involved?  There are no reliable characters in this story and that is what makes it so intriguing.  It is a good read with surprising ending.
This is a perfectly decent thriller. The different viewpoints are refreshing and the short character chapters keep the book going at a good pace. The Maine character is a seemingly pathetic cliche, who must drink herself silly in order to make it through the day. Though, I must say, the writer has written her well to make me want to keep reading through such an obnoxious character. The ending is slightly anti-climactic, as you can start to see it coming a mile away (or at least I did. Maybe because I read too many thrillers). All in all, it's easy to read and a good way to pass the time.
Can I put 3.5 stars?<br/><br/>I DID like this book. It's good. It pulls you in. It's entertaining and you feel for the main character.<br/><br/>I was a little surprised at just how many positive reviews it received because the quality of the writing belonged more in the genre of pop culture quick fiction. Which, I guess that's exactly what that book is.<br/><br/>As for the deeper subject matter of alcoholism it does a nice job of showing the reader who is unfamiliar with that struggle what it looks like inside the mind of a woman who ended up there slowly and as a result of grief.
I was excited for this book but ultimately feel let down. This book doesn't have "twists and turns", it has "twist", singular, and at the very end of the book. In the meantime, we have to tolerate the caste of unlikable characters (jk, I do like Kamal), endless (endless endless endless) miserable ramblings about drinking, and utter confusion about what/if a crime occurred in the first ~250 pages of the book. I almost put it down, and I don't walk away from books very often. The ending, while shocking, just felt... weird. Not at all like real people, not even crazy ones.
I really like this book. It was fun to have the first-hand account of the three main female characters and piece together the story. I know a few people have said that the story was predictable, and it was a bit, but the fun (for me at least) was how the story began to reveal itself. I was able to figure some things out toward the end of the book (I don't want to give anything away) but the author still threw in some small plot details and surprises to keep me interested. I would recommend it to anyone AND if you like narration option like I do, the three women who do it are very good.
It seemed to drag on regarding who the murderer was.  Took me a while to finish.
morbid, dark and unlikable characters make this a "not fun to read" book
Well written, was frustrated by the characters who continually made bad choices.
This is one of my favorite books. If you like Gone Girl you will love this book.
Absolutely could not put this book down. The building of suspense was masterful.
I rarely buy unknown authors but the title and brief description intrigued me.  It was a good gamble, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The writing style was easy but not relaxed, it kept up the pace.  The plot although a bit convoluted was relatively convincing and the ends all tied together in a believable manner.  In fact I believe a lot of the clues were embedded in the story but not being familiar with the author's style I missed a fair few.  For a first time (?) novel it was an impressive achievement and I'm sure will they will Theget better and better with experience.  Well done Paula.
Quite disappointed in this book, all the hype is not justified. The author writes well but I thought the plot a comparatively poor imitation of Gone Girl, doesn't have anything like the depth of that book. Rachel's story got so tedious, with her endlessly getting drunk and blacking out. The whole thing had little substance for me, with one dimensional and very unsympathetic characters. Seemed to me like the author admired Gone Girl and then wrote something fairly similar to get a quick best-seller. Seems to have worked for her. I just hope her next book has more originality and depth.
This was a clever story as well as a well written one. The characters are very different as you read each characters thoughts. The story is told by three women basically. The author makes each one of them a very different character and she does it excellently. It does take a few chapters together to get it straight but it grabbed me and raced me along with the commuter train. The only thing I did not enjoy was the lack of real love and caring portrayed by the married couples. I must say that my blood pressure spiked each time I read it. Whew! for an exciting read I give it five stars.
This was one of those books that is hard to review. All of the characters were horrible people, not a likable person in the bunch. But yet there were times I could not put it down, wondering what would  happen next.  Would I recommend it?  I'm not sure. It was different, but somewhat akin to Gone Girl. If you read that book, you will know what I mean about unlikable characters. A bit of a "train wreck" pun intended, several bad marriages, a drunk you just want to slap sometimes, mental abuse, it's got all that! If you like dysfunctional people, this book might just be for you.
The real shame is that Alfred Hitchcock is dead and therefore unable to film this book. It echoes some of his classics - you will find touches of "Rear Window," "Spellbound," and "Suspicion," mixed with a heavy dollop of a famous non-Hitchcock work, "Gaslight."<br/>Other reviewers have given summaries, so I won't attempt to do it here; I would be too afraid to leave potential spoilers. All I can say to those idly picking it up is to stay with it: for quite a few pages I just wasn't, as they say, "feeling it." Suddenly it snapped on me like a mousetrap and I couldn't escape its grasp.
I can't decide so gave it three stars.  I agree wholeheartedly with the "I hate it one star" people for all their same reasons.  I've noticed the Gillian Flynn approach to writing becoming more and more frequent and popular.  I call it the "dare to write a book about despicable characters" genre.  This book is no different...not one likable, believable character in the entire book...only dipsomaniacs, egomaniacs, sociopaths, narcissists and everything in between.  After 50 pages, I was amazed I went on to finish the book.  With Prime, it's free, so decide for yourself.
Finally a book that really does measure up to 'Gone Girl.'  Paula Hawkins's book 'The Girl on the Train' proves that Hawkins tells a story almost as well as Gillian Flynn.  I finished it at midnight and couldn't sleep well for the remainder of the night.  Yes, there is a nice twist that features several flawed characters.  My only criticism is the timeline.  You are reading two stories that eventually become intertwined but are happening during different months for most of the book.  It confused me a bit.
In true mystery/suspense form, the tale unfolds bit by bit, giving you just enough to guess at who the murderer is. None of the characters are simple and flat; that's the bit that really makes for compelling reading. If you've dealt with drug addicts or alcoholics, then Rachel's bizarre choices make sense. Plus, she's relatable because who hasn't done people-watching and made up their stories? The fixation/obsession part eventually makes more and more sense. Not one character is 100% evil or courageous or even lost, just like real people. This is a very good novel that reads "real."
The story is interesting in the beginning but it sort of drags on too long. I felt myself getting tired of reading the same stuff over and over again. I also found it a bit confusing as the author goes back and forth with a chapter on one character and then the next chapter on another. Also, the times are confusing. I wasn't sure when she is talking about the present verses the past. The end does have a nice twist to it. I don't think I will read books by this author again knowing how she writes. Too bad because this book was highly recommended and I found it a little disappointing.
The Girl on the Train is a fascinating, if a bit depressing, story of a girl who gets all tangled up in the lives of people she observes while riding the train back and forth to London each day. But her image of the lives of the people she observes turns out to be quite different than she expected. The girl is an emotional wreck, exasperated by addiction to alcohol. She deceives her roommate into believing she is still going to a job from which she had been fired months earlier. The story is full of twists and turns, enough surprises to keep me reading it with interest till the end.
Paula Hawkins has constructed a well – written, well-organized story that is told through three different first person narrators. This strategy of story telling – first Rachel, now Megan, now Anna, now Rachel, with soliloquy’s by Megan told after her disappearance, constantly reminds us that we cannot trust anyone. Memory and imagination can be manipulated, and people and events are open to interpretation. The Girl on the Train is a lesson in character study, and executed brilliantly at that...Read more at http://ilovemymani.com/2015/03/06/tan-lime-the-girl-on-the-train-book-review/
Read this to see what the fuss was about. I found myself disliking every character, not too impressed by the setting, but wanting to know the end. The last 10% seemed rushed, like the author was tired of writing, and unsatisfying, without much closure for the characters. I have read several books with alcoholic or mentally disturbed POV characters and had more sympathy/understanding for them than I did for Rachel- James Frey comes to mind. The only redeeming qualities was that it was decently written and the mystery setup did keep me reading. I would not recommend this to a friend.
The title sums up my feelings about this book. The Girl on the Train is fantastic. Suspenseful writing elevates this story of a young woman caught in a mystery. The way Paula Hawkins reveals information, a little bit at a time, allows you to fill in the picture yourself - often incorrectly - which gives this book an emotional energy. Some people compare it to Gone Girl (which I disliked and saw the twist coming a mile away) but the main similarity is its reliance on multiple, unreliable narrators. The suspense continues right to the bitter end. I can't wait to read her second book.
I gobbled up this book in less than two days and wished for more.  I became so engrossed in the seriously lost and damaged main character as she revealed how close she was to booze soaked rock-bottom, I would've been interested in ANYTHING that happened to her.  Turns out the "perfect" (in her mind) couple she's been sort of peeping on from her lonely train seat are anything but.  The masterfully revealed, and horrific, connection she has with them will blow your mind.  I tend to lose patience with story lines where "nothing is quite as it seems", but not this time!
I bought this book thinking that it was going to be as dark and mysterious as Gone Girl like all the other reviews said. It is a page turner and you don't know what twists are going to be thrown in, but it doesn't have the sinister depth and complexity I was looking for. It reads like a very random journal by the three women and you try to piece the story together but the women are all so similar and you get confused, especially the main anatongonist she doesn't even know whats going on. All troubled and looking to the man for help and sympathy. It was okay, but not Gone Girl hype.
This was one of the most annoying books I have ever read and I read two or three books a week.  First, I had to keep flipping back and forth to establish the date, then the year, then which character was involved. Until I got near the end, I thought this might be a case of multiple personalities. I realized that the problem/issue was that all of the characters speak not only in first person, but also in the same voice, same language, same phrases so they are all homogenous. Made more sense after viewing the author photo on the jacket, which is one of the strangest I have ever seen.
I am not usually a fan of mysteries, but the description of this one intrigued me. The story pulled me in right from the start. I felt like I was on a roller coaster ride at each moment of the story. I tried to figure out where the story was heading, but the end was a complete surprise to me. And I am usually good at predicting the end of stories. I was unable to put the book down! I highly recommend this book to everyone. The author did a good job of making the characters real and very believable. I could almost see myself in the main character at times. Very well written story.
Much more of a thriller than I expected it to be. The characters are realistic and there are some u usual twists...the author throws in a few red herrings that lead to other possible suspects. It was a very fast read, the writing was solid and the dialogue was natural.. This is a story where everyone has some kind of problem, and everyone suspects someone else. It is a great book to take on a trip. The chapters aren't overly long so it's easy to stop and come back to it later. Don't make assumptions and don't overthink it and you'll enjoy riding along with The Girl on the Train.
I wanted to read this book as there is a lot of buzz about it at the moment. It wasn't what i was expecting, hard to get into it at the start, flitting from one person to the next but it was a good read, though I had worked out the ending about half way in but that didnt distract really from it. I don't know is it worthy of all the hype though, I read alot of books and found it no better than most that I read.  Now if i paid for it in the shops I would be disappointed but having only paid a fraction of the cost on the kindle, I was pleased that I waited to read it on the kindle.
What a fantastic psychological thriller..I absolutely could not put this one down!! It's very refreshing to see a main character who is somewhat "flawed"  like the rest of us, for example, alcoholic, overweight, suffering from depression, etc. The rest of the characters have their own demons and crosses to bear as well. The story line kept me enthralled, as the "suspect" seems to change minute to minute, keeping me guessing as to whodunit till the very end. "Gone Girl" (while still one of my favorite reads), has nothing on this page flipping, flawed character driven, thriller...
I simply became tired of reading it...it was slow and too much inside her head.
Too much drinking and very depressing,Story could have been told in fewer pages
Honestly, I was led to believe by the tons of amazing reviews that this book would change my life. But sadly, it did not. I never felt connected to the main character and I found myself having to skip small sections in order to get to parts that I found interesting. It took me maybe halfway through to be interested in the ending, and when it did end, I felt it was sudden and didn't have much closure. However, I did rate it 3 stars, because the idea behind the book is great. I feel like with a little more tweaking, it could be great. I know many people who loved it, just not me.
I regret buying this book, the plot seemed to be interesting and the positive reviews made me think it was worth reading, well, that was not the case. The  way the story is written is really boring, very repetitive, I didn't care for any of the characters. The main character was a drunk looser I struggled to like her but the writer made it impossible, she just kept making the same mistakes over and over again. I kept reading hoping that at some point the story would have a twist, that it would get more interesting... that never happened, at some point you just guess the ending.
I do not have words to describe just how much I hated this book. Both narrators are whiny and self-absorbed with virtually no redeeming qualities. Because it had high critical ratings, I kept reading in hopes that there would be some level of redemption for this work at the end. My hopes were dashed -- I had simply squandered two hours of my life with a poor book companion. The mystery is fairly easily resolved by the reader so that we wander in the protagonist's mind while she tries to catch up. The diary style is reminiscent of Gone Girl, but with less interesting characters.
I did want to find out who committed the crime and isn't that  the test of any good mystery? Still I would have liked this book more if any one of the characters was likeable or more redeemable. Every character was significantly flawed which made you somewhat less invested in wanting to see the guilty person face the music. You almost felt that lying and cheating in a marriage was so common place as to not be reprehensible. The three women who narrate the story are all victims of their poor decisions. I would have liked to see one of them find a light at the end of the tunnel.
This was difficult to follow.  It must be the latest rage to write this way.  I had difficulty getting started and because I personally don't pay attention to chapter headings it took me a while to realize that I had better pay attention.  Having been married to a person similar to Tom, I figured it could be him early on.  It was still a good mystery.  It is amazing how a person like Tom could make others feel responsible and guilty.  Unfortunately, I lived in that kind of relationship for years.  Fortunately, I didn't turn to alcohol or who knows how it would have turned out.
Don't let your mind wander while reading this book!  You have to keep track of who is telling the story or it becomes confusing.  It switches between three women and when the main one is talking you are never sure if she is imaging what is happening or if she is mentally off.  I enjoyed Gone Girl more, until the last chapters of this book.  A lot of backtracking if you put it down and then want to pick up again.  Good if you have nothing else on your mind and can spend hours just on this story.  My husband found the same thing when he started reading it.......he gave up on it.
I loved 'The Girl on the Train' and hated that it had to end. It was a rare novel, at least for me, that I became more enthralled with the further I got into it. It's a mystery told from multiple perspectives, jumping back and forth in time, with characters that are developed (or maybe revealed would be a better word....) though their actions and narration as the story moves relentlessly like the trains that play so prominently in it. It's a great plot, brilliantly played out, with excellent writing, realistic dialogue, and a satisfying conclusion. I can't recommend it enough!
This book was my first suspense murder mystery book I have read. It was VERY well written. I was totally immersed in it and couldn't figure out the twist until the author was ready for you to know. It was a little hard as an e-book because the dates for the different chapters changed a lot so I kept trying to go back to figure out the timeline that is just easier to accomplish with a paperback book. I would highly recommend this book to anyone! Glad I purchased it so I could read it again later on.
I put this one down the first time I started reading it, if for no reason other than the Girl On The Train seemed to be a little off-the-rails. Then I read at Amazon that it was a best-seller, so I tried it again. By the end of the book, the Girl On The Train seemed to be the only sane person in the story, and not such a nutcase after all. I enjoyed how the author switched between the three women's points-of-view, so even if one did start to seem a little crazy, I only had to hang in there for the rest of that chapter, because it would switch to one of the other three women.
This was an interesting read told from he perspectives of three women. One, the protagonist, is a depressed alcoholic who watches people from her seat on the train and makes up her own observations of their lives. The other two women are the ones that the Girl on the train observe each day. They are all connected, as the story unfolds, and we are taken through their daily lives to discover something terrible has happened to one women. The girl on the train immerses herself into the situation to a point of risking her own life.<br/><br/>An enjoyable read for mystery lovers.
Fast-paced, confusing at first until all the pieces start coming together, then thrilling and finally chilling! It was hard to stop reading. I flew through the pages barely reading each word. I didn't want it to end but was anxious to know how it ended! I enjoyed reading about the same days from the first person narratives of three women, although at first I felt the need to page back to check dates as each woman reported events from her own perspective. Don't do that. It will come together on its own and the dates will inevitably make sense.  I can't wait to see the movie!!
If I had 15 minutes to spare at any given time, I'd use it reading this book. Those 15 minutes usually turned into a couple hours or more. At first the story reminded me of Hitchcock's 'Rear Window,' then after a few chapters it took on its own identity. Characters were everyday people with common issues that we, or our friends, or someone in our family, may encounter. Details of the lives of those characters are so believable that you will feel like they are your next door neighbors. You won't solve the puzzle and have all the answers - unless you are on the very last page!
When I rated this book, I waivered back and forth between 3 and 4 stars, on the one hand, the book keeps you guessing for a good long while and that is a good thing. But none of the characters are likeable, or even sympathetic. And while I am sure that is the author's choice, it would not be mine. Half way through the book I found myself wishing that it would just end. And while the ending was satisfying, it wasn't enough for the feeling that I was wasting my time for a good portion of this book.
Read fairly quickly as I did want to find out whodunnit. Jumps back and forth in time which is slightly annoying but I can see why she wrote it that way.  I read on the Kindle and the chapter titles don't exactly jump out at you, so I got a little confused until I figured out that I needed to read the title of the chapter to understand who was speaking and when it was happening.  The constant drunkenness got a little tiresome. You really want the main character to stay sober but it's a fairly realistic depiction of the one step forward, two steps back of addiction recovery.
I enjoyed reading this book.  It was compared to Gone Girl which I would agree with but I actually liked this one better.  The characters were developed just enough so that we could understand who they were but the author left them slightly underdeveloped so that we weren't sure what they were capable of. The main character is quite a mess and an alcoholic.  The other characters are just as untrustworthy but I was compelled to keep reading because I wanted to know what would happen.  I was not disappointed and found this book to be a very satisfying psychological thriller.
The girl going to work on a commuter train into London every morning develops idyllic fantasies from fleeting glimpses made possible by a caution signal that often slows or even stops the train, giving her a glimpse of the back yards of a neighborhood in which she once lived.  Events in that neighborhood begin the illumination of the private lives of all involved, and includes a growing circle of people which quickly swirls into a vortex of intrigue that brings out their dark sides.  This novel starts at a leisurely pace but continually accelerates until everything breaks.
I know this is billed as a psychological thriller.  I cannot understand its maintenance at number one on the best sellers list.  I found the first two thirds of the book slow, boring with totally unappealing women characters.  It was not until the last third of the book that it picked up in solving the murder, even if the characters, now including the men, were still ridiculous, unsympathetic and the murderer became clear way before the ending.  I only stuck it out because people I know told me how wonderful the book was.  Won't take their reading recommendations any more.
Despite its popularity, I found this book distinctly unpleasant and unenlightening.  Though it was reasonably well written, I thought the technique of alternating chapters from different time periods didn't have much purpose, except perhaps to build some tension that would not otherwise have been there had the events been in chronological order.  The women in the book were shallow, foolish,  and dependent, the men's characters only sketchily drawn.  I thought the book worked as a mystery, but not in other ways, and the characters had few, if any, redeeming characteristics.
"Girl on the Train" has been compared to  "Gone Girl", I beg to differ. Gone Girl was so confusing, hard to follow, long and drawn out for me. Girl on the Train was more intriguing and far easier to follow. It was a different concept by having "Girl" travel up and down the track on the train, peeping into the lives of certain people in their homes, and her imagination goes wild. Suddenly this disturbed "Girl" is in the middle of her "watched people" and a horrific crime that twists and turns and surprises you till the end. Good read!
Though not normally my kind of genre, I mainly read this book to see what all the fuss was about. Although I enjoyed it, I’m still not sure why it took off like a rocket. At about the 2/3 mark, I started to get annoyed with the heroine and wanted to shake her by the shoulders and tell her to pull herself together fer cryin’ out loud. But then I realized what Hawkins had done. She’d wormed her protagonist into my brain and made me care enough to get me mad. Then I started to appreciated the feat she’d pulled off and was glad I’d read it. Yeah...okay...maybe I get it now...
It takes a sensitive writer to lead the reader around the kinds of complications that make modern life so complicated. In this tale, it is important to construct a picture of each woman from the elements presented, with attention to the date of the entry, to be able to have it together by the end. The female characters are individual and unique, yet have a lot in common. The male characters present as somewhat flawed but multifaceted and hard to discount. The intensity of the plot increases along the way, making it harder and harder to put the book down even for a moment.
I can't seem to get into this one, which is never a good sign.  Pass on this .
I hated this book.  Don't understand how it rated so highly by so many people.
After chapter 7, I stopped trying to see what so great about this book. Sorry.
After a promising start the plot and characters bog down to predictable trash.
Read it for book club. I liked it. Some thought too shallow. Held my interest!
Pedantic, depressing, meandering drivel.  Don't waste your time or your money.
Pretty decent read considering the pace of the novel. It is pretty slow till the middle of the novel and then picks up enough pace to have your interest till the end of the novel. But you will be left wanting something that you can't quite place your finger on and like a lingering taste leaves you a bit of unsatisfied in the end. The character building has been slow but the characters are very strong and each have their own moments of oomph and oops. The biggest (literally) being Rachel, the story from her perspective has been the best narrated. Overall pretty good read.
My book club read this book and I have to say that none of us really loved it.  We compared it a bit to Gone Girl, as it was so dark.  The biggest problem for us is that we didn't like any of the characters and so we really didn't care what happened to them.  I...and indeed we (book group)...felt the book was overrated. It has been on the Best Seller list for ages, so perhaps I expected too much.  I wasn't particularly impressed with the writing either.  It just wasn't my cup of tea, I guess.  It held my attention but I had the ending figured out in advance..  It was ok.
This novel as an audiobook was quite enjoyable, but I'll have to chalk that up to the three fantastic female narrators, for the pace of the story and the structure of the chapters becomes somewhat tedious. When I would switch to reading this through Kindle, I somewhat lost my interest. I felt that the story was a little too basic for my liking, but I did like the "Hitchcockian" undertones. In the end the plot became somewhat predictable, but it will keep you engaged enough to read through to the end. I thought that the length of this novel was perfect to tell this story.
When you hear the term psychological thriller, it fits into a certain genre. The Girl on the Train pretty much is all about psychology. Told in the first person in the perspective of three women whose lives are inextricably intertwined through the men in their lives. The essence of the story is about emotional and psychological manipulation and the resultant self perception left at the end of it. I found the novel captivating and the whodunit side of it absorbing. There are questions asked throughout. Whose side is who on? Read it and find out, you won't be disappointed.
Overall, I enjoyed reading this novel, but I'm not sure I understand the overwhelmingly excellent reviews.  This book is nothing  close to Gone Girl, and shouldn't be compared to Flynn.  I wanted to know how it ended and I was compelled to keep reading to find out. As a debut novel, I am definitely still interested in seeing what comes next.<br/>Unfortunately, there is room for improvement. In my opinion, there wasn't a lot of character development, which may have been by design as part of the mystery. but in the end, I didn't really care what happened to the characters
At first I thought the girl in the train was a spirit, haunting her former life from the tracks and keeping her regular routine in tact.  instead, the several perspectives of the characters showed that she was real.  The pieces came together at the end with satisfying closure to a tawdry tale of sadness underlining the ease with which a person can use and abuse another human for selfish needs.  Ann Landers used to write that one can not be taken advantage of without giving permission.  sometimes it takes strength to recognize another's absolute disregard for anyone else.
Some good points but also not so good issues.  This is a takeoff of "Gone Girl" but was difficult to follow in the beginning.  My big complain was that this mystery was full of holes that made it so unrealistic at times that I became frustrated.<br/><br/>It was a page turner only because it was difficult to follow and only if one turns the page to the next chapter will they understand the last chapter.<br/><br/>I like Paula Hawkins but she has to improve on the little issues that are unbelievable and I cannot say I did not enjoy certain aspects of this book.
I'm really surprised I didn't love this book. I started it on a flight home, basically highlighting every other quote, wanting to stay up all night after my late night flight and read more. Then somewhere towards 60% (Kindle reader) I realized that I wasn't enjoying the story, but just trying to get to the end. Boo. I wish I enjoyed reading it more, all of the hype around the book had me anticipating to do so. I think Hawkins writing is about average, her character development is above average. The story is interesting, it just didn't hold me after grabbing me, I guess.
This novel was the perfect example of how depraved we have become as a society.  I didn't see anything uplifting about the characters behavior to recommend it.  This is not the kind of novel I normally buy.  Too much of what happens to people when they wreck their lives through bad behavior.  I prefer period novels or British humor or just nice, decent stories.  What I did like was the way the author switched back and forth between the main characters, telling the story from their perspective.  Ms. Hawkins weaves a good tail, just not the kind of story line I care for.
Even though I love Gillian Flynn and all of her books, I have to say that I think this beats Gone Girl by miles. The writing does remind me of Flynn's earlier books and I just adore this book by Ms. Hawkins! It's well worth the $6.99 I paid (even though it's not on Kindle Unlimited I just had to read it). I'm so glad I did and can't wait to read more by this author. It's a great whodunit & keeps you guessing until the last couple of chapters. It's more than just a good beach read as other reviews have said. If you're hesitating about buying this don't hesitate anymore!<br/>I'd like to add that I just finished reading some of the other reviews and am just floored at some of the awful negative reviews! I'm certainly aware that everyone has different opinions but to say a bad read, boring, worse book ever?? Very perplexing! I thoroughly enjoyed the book and altho some readers didn't, it's totally unfair to the author to slam their work so terribly; especially when the writing is so plainly well done, even if you happen to not like the premise or characters or whatever. Some of the bad reviews here are just plain mean and rude. Wish folks would think before writing such brash words and anyone thinking of buying this book shouldn't let those reviews stop them, honestly it's well worth $7! You'd think it was priced much and that they were totally ripped off the way they complained!
Rachel is a hopeless wretch..straddling the rails of sanity. Her story is an endless ride, going back and forth between reality and stupor all because of her fascination with Tom, her ex husband. When a young women is murdered,<br/> Pathetic Rachel feels obligated to find out why. Which brings her right back on track..Why she drinks, why she doesn't trust herself. A lot of intrigue here..and of course, true feminism discourse...blame everything on the guy. This is an interesting book. Give the author a 5 for original plot. Rachel..Give her a 2 for making bad choices.
This was a mesmerizing read. Each plot twist and development compelled me to read more of the book. The story conjured echoes of Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl," but they are distinctly different works. Rachel is a confounding narrator, and equally infuriating character. Her personal flaws and repeated misinterpretations of other characters' intentions are key to the novel. If you can't accept Rachel, you probably won't enjoy the story. The chapters told from the other characters' perspectives enriched the storytelling and mystery. An entertaining, escapist read.
This is a decent book for the Kindle price of $6 or so, but I'm happy I did not spend more or I would've been very disappointed.  I wanted to see what the hype was all about and I do not believe it lived up to the hype.  Other reviewers had mentioned not liking any of the characters, & I completely agree.  I don't know if that was by design, but it didn't work for me.  It had some twists, but overall, I got bored with Rachel getting drunk, & both Megan & Anna hating their lives.  Rachel thinking with clarity at the very end seemed forced in an effort to end the book.
This was bought on a whim to read while away on a trip...for relaxation...ha. Instead I kept reading and reading well into the night. What a chilling and amazingly well told story! You will be surprised, scared, inspired, and perhaps a little frustrated at times-with the characters, not the author. They are incredibly real-flawed yet with redeeming qualities that make a person want to save them from their own blunders or circumstances. One of the best books I have read in quite some time.
I liked the way the author made a complex story out of a mundane action like riding the commuter train everyday. Many times when I'm driving to work I look at people's houses and imagine what their lives might be like and know that I could not be further from their reality. This story bears that out and illustrates how little we truly know about our friends and loved ones, let alone strangers we pass on the train or in a car. I was surprised at every turn and could not put this book down.
3.5 Stars<br/><br/>I know I'm in the minority here but I just couldn't love this book. There isn't one character in this novel that I could like or connect with enough to make me want to stand up and cheer for them. I didn't care about any of them or what was going to happen to them except for maybe the baby that was in the story.<br/><br/>Having said that the book was a very well written mystery. That part gets a 5 from me.<br/><br/>If you liked Gone Girl (I did not care for it although I also thought the writing was great) you'll probably like this book too.
This is an excellent book, as intriguing as Gone Girl but with a good ending (which Gone Girl lacked in my view). The Girl on the Train is very original. the main character battling alcoholism and set back by severe blackouts. I can't go into detail about any small quibbles there without spoiling surprises; but, frankly, my few moments of incredulity didn't dampen my enthusiasm for the book as a whole.  I highly recommend this novel as an very imaginative story that kept me enthralled from beginning to end. It was fun to be tricked, too, although I hate to admit it.
I'm so glad I gave this a try because its one of the best stories I have read in a long time. I read a review that said this is like a grittier version of Gone Girl and I can see the comparison but I think this book is much better. I didn't really like Gone Girl but The Girl on the Train was great. All of the characters are flawed but they feel like people I could know. The characters of Gone Girl just seemed a bit unrealistic to me. I would go into more but I don't want to give too much away. It's a great mystery that I really enjoyed. I didn't want to put it down.
This was not an easy book to get into!  I put it aside many times. I felt that it dragged in many areas.  It seemed to take forever to figure out exactly what was going on.  Once I was able to get pass all the pussy footing around, the story did start to get exciting.  I really felt sorry for the main character, Rachel.  She was going thru a very rough time and loved to fantasize about a couple she saw daily.  As the story unfolds, you realize that Rachel really has problems and not just mental ones.  A good read if you don't mind the dragging out in the beginning.
I was drawn in immediately.  The characterization is well done.  If you think you wouldn't be sympathetic to a drunk who blacks out and can't remember the events on a night when a woman went missing.. well, you'd be wrong.  The lives of three women are nicely intertwined and not always rosy.  The author bounces us back and forth on a taut journey as she unravels the story through the eyes of each woman.  The writing is interesting and deep enough to make you see the depth of each character.  I read somewhere that this is Ms. Hawkins's first novel.  Hard to believe.
Although tightly written, the main characters are mostly unlikeable an, on the whole, not very sympathetic.  There is some resolution of the characters' flaws at the end of the novel but too little, too late for me, and I write this review as someone who likes stories with damaged protagonists.  Told from several viewpoints, the author opts to not give us insights into the mind of the true driver of the story's plotlines and, by doing so, the plot twists do not have the devilish comeuppances that occur in"Gone Girl" (to which I've seen this novel compared).
Suspenseful and has you questioning the primary character's mental stability.
I did not care for this novel. It was hard to keep the characters time lines.
Boring. Could not get interested in it. Girl self-absorbed with her drinking.
Truthfully didn't finish the book. Tried but it was so boring. Went no where.
very well written suspense novel full of surprises/didn't see that one coming
Not able to get into this book.  Have tried several times but just to boring.
Disappoints on soooo many levels. Grabs you but it's all downhill from there.
I am sorry, but I just couldn't finish the book it was too depressing for me.
Repretive and very slow moving.  Didn't care for it.  Wouldn't recommend it .
Plot was tedious.  Story was mediocre.  Does not deserve to be a best seller.
Once in a while you come across a really excellent book, many times it is not a well known author. This book was one of the best I have read in a long time. It is certainly as good as Gone Girl , which I read. This author is equal to any bestseller author. The story line is well done, the characters jump out at you, and I am sure most did not know Tom was the guilty one. Yep, I did, but, I always do. This is a must read book, and I do hope this author is feverishly writing her next book
I heard so many positive things about this book that I just had to read it.  So I was somewhat disappointed in the slow beginning, but I kept telling myself that it would pick up.  I felt that it never did.  I never felt a real connection with most of the characters, mainly because they were not what they seemed to be.  The best thing about the book was learning that Rachel's problems stemmed from the relationship with her husband, which made me hopeful that she would be able to successfully start her life over.  Other than that, I thought the book was depressing.
Long, dragged out, and boring. I read this book because of all the hype surrounding it. I don't get the stellar reviews, this book was awful. None of the characters are likable, information is included in the book that added zero value to the story. Basically you spend the whole time waiting for an annoying drunk to get her memory back then the book quickly wraps up. Every main female character in this book was deplorable and it took everything in me to muster some kind of like or understanding for them. In real life these are people you hope to never come across.
I wanted so much to love this book, but I didn't. I had heard so much positive buzz about it that my hopes were, admittedly, very high. I saw a lot of similarities to Gone Girl, but whereas Gone Girl kept me dazzled (and horrified) until the very end, this one fell flat for me. I figured out "who dunnit" about 2/3 of the way through the book. That made the big reveal at the end feel more than a bit anti-climatic. I've heard of others who've read this and just loved it, so maybe you will, too. I was just left thinking about all that this book could've been.
3.5 rating this book was a page turner and it was very reminiscent of A Hithcocks Rear Window' I like it better than Gone Girl , the characters similar to the characters in Gone Girl....all pathetic and UN likeable' . This genre does not lead to up lifting thought regarding humanity--no waxing nostalgic regarding the depths of beauty within the human spirit! No no no it's good old fashion film noir and don't be surprised if you see the ungainly profile of SIR ALFRED HITCHCOCK as you close the last page (that you have stayed up till 3:00AM to finish)Happy Reading!)
Hawkins is a superb writer, in complete control of her craft.  Given the comparisons to Gillian Flynn--whose books floor me--I had to give this novel a try, even if I have a tendency to balk at the word "thriller."  It's as compelling as the reviews suggest, filled with nuanced, riveting characters and delicious plot twists.  While I was mildly disappointed with the ending, overall, Hawkins does a marvelous job of exploring the distorted minds of those afflicted with alcoholism, remorse, anger, and obsession.  Definitely recommended--it's time well-spent.
This book starts out alright, but goes seriously downhill from there, I started skimming through the last two or three chapters just to finish it. I thought I was going to lose it when - in the span of 2 pages - Anna used the words "in any case" three times. When Tom confessed, he might as well said the words "and I would have gotten away with it, if it weren't for ya meddling keeds" thats how poorly written and thought t out this book became. Wasted precious momnets of my life on this. P.S. Note to author; try making use of a thesaurus next time.
I had a little trouble getting into this story largely because of the style of telling the story of several characters in the first person and shifting the time of the telling. I kept having to go back to the previous chapters to see what the date was of that part of the story to keep the flow of events in my mind. About half way through the book I was captured by the plot that at first seemed to be too much in the head but then picked up as the plot unfolded and the suspense peaked. The ending was a twist to what I had expected so that is always a fun discovery.
Excellent read!  I love books that have chapters written from different perspectives, and this one does just that.  At the beginning it is confusing to remember who is who, but you quickly get wrapped up into the different storylines being told and cannot wait to figure out what happens.  Well written, good amount of twists and turns, and highly recommended!  Ever since I finished Gone Girl, I was looking for another unpredictable read, and am happy to say that I have found it in this book.  I am recommending it to everyone I know that reads these types of books.
I'll make this short, because I hate long boring reviews.  I really didn't understand all the hoopla over this book.  I bought it and read it in a couple of days. I wanted to get to the end...since it was a best seller, and be prepared to be blown away.  I wanted to finish it and say "Wow...what an ending!"  Sadly, that didn't happen.  I had just finished the classic James Jones book, "From Here To Eternity," so I figure my expectations were way too high.  I think it's going to make a better movie than it was a book.  That's rare...but it happens.
The characters in this novel are reminiscent of the characters in Gilian's Flynn's novels.  By that I mean that the characters are all very unlikeable.  With that said, I enjoy reading unlikeable characters, they're more real to me than likeable characters.  Watching Rachel drowning her broken heart in gallons of wine is like watching a train wreck.  I felt like a rubbernecker the whole way through.  I wanted to turn away, but you just couldn't.  Hawkins keeps the pace moving along nicely throughout.  I literally could NOT put down this book.  Highly recommend!!!
Yes, the characters are well drawn and the plotting is tight. And all the comparisons to Gone Girl are true.  But if Gone Girl had never been written, this would have been the book that set the bar - very high. This story has it all: point of view story telling, unreliable narrators, obsession, flawed characters and a dynamite premise - everyone imagines the lives being lived as we pass by other people's homes.  I was able to read this as an ARC from Edelweiss ( thanks for the sneak peek). Do yourself a favor and read the book destined to be the talk of the year.
Words fail me. Some authors make you fall in love with their protagonists. In other novels, you can't help but hate the lead character. Very rarely do you encounter a story where you find yourself exasperated with its heroine, unable to decide: do you like her, do you dislike her. In my opinion, your feelings towards Rachel are central to this novel. Ms. Hawkins doesn't disappoint. I've barely finished the book and I miss her already. Serves me right, for missing a good night's sleep!
Fabulous storyline!  Compelling.  Great.  Unusual.  Good characters.<br/>One other reviewer mentioned confusion as to characters' names and she explained it better than I, but with her lead I saw what she was referring to.  Her explanation prevented confusion on my part without having to re-read a few pages back  --  and later, I fully understood why it was written so.  Thoroughly enjoyed "The Girl on the Train" right from the start and didn't want to put it down!  Will be looking forward to more books written by Ms. Paula Hawkins, an extremely talented author.  *Purchased for Kindle through Amazon.
It kept me guessing till the end.  I got a little confused at the beginning with the story line alternating between 3 different characters and different time periods that were close together, so just make sure you are paying attention at the beginning of each chapter as to who is speaking and when the events occurred.  I didn't always like the main character, or at the least felt she too often made bad choices, but by the end I had a better understanding of her and I liked the ending.  I would definitely recommend this book to friends that like mystery/suspense.
This is a very, unsettling, thought-provoking novel, and quite the thriller. I. Could. Not. Put. This. Book. Down. The stories of the same event are told in the voices of the three main characters: Rachel, Megan, and Anna. There was so much in Rachel's thought process I could relate to, not necessarily her same issues, but the way she talked things out in her head seemed so much like I do. This is really a dark book about three women finding themselves in very different ways. As much as I loved the book, I hope the next few books I read aren't so dark and heavy.
In some ways I feel like I'm stretching it for four stars.  But I enjoyed the writing and I enjoyed the novel written from the perspectives of three women.  What disappointed me was it wasn't as gripping as I expected from other reviews, and I certainly wouldn't have labeled it a psychological thriller.  Sometimes the characters seem dense or stupid beyond words, but the author does well at luring you in to caring for them.  Worth the read primarily because everyone is reading it and it can be engaging.  But this wasn't one of those books I was sorry to see end.
I'm no book expert by any means, but I enjoy reading the latest craze just like every other 25+ year old girl. This book is insanely good! I have been fairly disappointed in all the other "craze" books that have come out recently but this one was so good I couldn't put it down. It's dark, psychologically thrilling and complex. I actually 100% agree that if you liked Gone Girl, you will love this. Be prepared though, once you get into reading it, it's hard to to put down. I found myself up til 3am on a work night because I couldn't put it down. FANTASTIC!
What fun—an unreliable narrator. Rachael is a 2 bottles of wine a night, fall down, blackout, drunk. So her narration is suspect. But you still feel that somehow, something happened. She takes the same commuter train every day and makes up stories about other peoples perfect lives. When one of those people go missing, Rachael is sure she can solve the mystery.<br/><br/>Nothing is as it seems. And there is an overwhelming feeling of impending doom.<br/><br/>I wanted to knock Rachael over the head and say stop drinking, you are in danger.<br/><br/>Enjoyed it
Checked it out at the library, read it over night.  Fast, fun, new and different structure.  You may not like the protagonist, she's human, bruised and not without flaws.  But she makes a compelling, page turning story.  Thing is, I couldn't figure out where the story was going....but it was a lively and interesting ride.  What a great idea for a novel.  I'm sure many writers are envious....now why didn't I think of that?  I'll put Ms. Hawkins in the I love me some Kate Atkinson category.  Looking forward ( as I'm sure everyone else is) to her next installment.
Really good book.  Lots of suspense and a unique writing style. very little dialog, and it is not necessary in this writing style.<br/><br/>Ms. Hawkins shows an uncanny understanding of an alcoholic personality.  I struggled with this many years ago and what Rachel feels in the book, blackouts and all, are amazingly accurate and true to life.<br/><br/>Five main characters make this a suspenseful and quick read.  It has a distinctly creepy atmosphere that saturates the entire book.<br/><br/>A good ending that is somewhat surprising.  I recommend this book!
Great read. It's one of those rare books that creates a hunger to finish it the moment you open it.  You ask Rachel a million times to get up and back on her feet to lose the loser.  Don't worry she pulls through. If you've ever felt the pain of rejection this books invites you to conquer that feeling and remember you were the one that got away. Grab a blanket, a drink and forget the rest of the world as you enter Rachel and Megan's.  Both grappling with the image of the man they thought they knew you too will wonder if you've ever let love blindside you. A++++
Just got of the train and thoroughly enjoyed the ride. Yes, the narrative is in this new style with multiple first-person narrators, which makes you think of Gone Girl. You've got to be a good writer to make this work and Hawkins does make it work. Love the pacing, the expository prose that balances the dialog and the glimpse into the dark places that we all may, or may not, feel from time to time. A true psychological thriller. Would love to see more from this very talented writer.
My thoughts about this book are tepid. The main character, Rachel, was insipid and whiny. The book was a very slow ride to its denouement, which didn't blow me away, but was somewhat impactful. Realistically, though, the author may have needed to research alcoholism more. Things that occur during blackouts don't return in drips and drabs like a dream. They can't be willfully pulled to the surface. During the period of the blackout, the memory capacity of the brain is dead. A blackout is a time void you can't get back.<br/><br/>All in all, an okay beach read.
I could have, actually should have, stopped reading this about half-way through, but since it is on the Bestseller List (which I should know better -- that does not translate to a good read), I persevered, hoping that it would get better.  Half-way through the book, I'm thinking that each chapter is a rewrite of the previous chapter --  Rachel the drunk conjures up a life for people she has seen but has never met.  Well, except for Tom, he ex-husband, who she continually harasses along with his wife.<br/>Find another mystery because this one has no surprises.
Wow, and I thought "Gone Girl" was disturbing; this one wins the prize! The main character is so dysfunctional that I can't tell if she was supposed to be certifiable or just delusional. In any case, I found it hard to stay with the plot because of that...but read it to the end, because there is, of course, a mystery that needs solving, and that pulled me along. I'm supposing that the ending was supposed to be a bit of a surprise, but my suspicions were well-developed enough by then to not really be all the surprised. Still, it's an entertaining read.
I do not get what the hype is regarding this book. I read a lot of suspense and mysteries.  This would definitely rank in the bottom 25%.<br/>1. Not particuarly well written.<br/>2. Predictable even with the few "clues".<br/>3. SSSSSLLLLLOOOOOOWWWWW!<br/>4. Characters were ok but no one was either outstanding (an alcoholic)or a complete dud (a control freak).<br/><br/>Hope the author gives up this class/type of book because this certainly was not much of an effort.<br/>Two stars only because it was not bad enough to stop reading before the end.
I couldn't wait to read this book...even purchased it on Kindle. It took me so long to read it because I just couldn't get into it. Much of it is backwards (the seemingly new, modern way to write) and the characters are extremely flawed. There was one normal character in the book; however, she played a minor role as the housemate of the main character. I didn't grow attached to anyone in the book nor did I care for the ending which I could see coming. I did like one thing about the ending but won't bring it up because I wouldn't want to spoil for anyone else.
This was a great suspenseful thriller. I loved the characterizations and the narration switches. I couldn't put this one down...I read it in a day and a half. I have passed this book along to several friends and family members and everyone has liked it as well. I'm looking forward to seeing more from this author.<br/>If you are NOT a Gone Girl fan (I am, but I know several people who didn't enjoy the book), don't be deterred from reading this book. I have seen so many comparisons, but I think it is only because that is such a popular book/movie at this time.
I really enjoyed this book.  All 3 main women are flawed in their own ways  and make their own mistakes and I feel it makes them easier to relate to.  I would be willing to bet every woman can relate to all 3 in the book in one way or another.  It is a good mystery that keeps you guessing.  It is a little hard to get going at first, a lot of ramblings, but it picks up.  I read this for a book club and I was not disappointed.  Reader, be warned, there is some language, but it's not excessive and I feel it demonstrates the state of mind of whomever is speaking.
This is a review of the AUDIOBOOK production of this novel.<br/>With three performers (performing, rather than just narrating) each taking the role of one of the book's female leads, this audiobook ranks high in production value. One or two of the narrators fail to provide convincing imitations of male voices, but that is trivial in the overall analysis.<br/>While I can agree with some of the criticisms mentioned in one- and two-star reviews, I think the audiobook production mitigates some of that, especially the notion that the characters are hard to like.
In the mood for a mystery, I dove into this pretty well-reviewed tale. Were it not for wanting to see if the killer was who I thought it was, I finished it. As a mystery, I found it wanting but, worse, as a story, it has an appalling number of shallow and seemingly stupid women. The men don't come off much better. One character, while naïve, was recognizable, even appealing. Another, a practicing alcoholic was so excessive in her commitment to being drunk daily I could just about smell the liquor. A good mystery balances on credibility. I found this had none.
After first hearing Paula Hawkins on NPR last year, I knew I had to read this book myself.  The problem was that it was too far down on my TBR pile for me to get to it anytime in the near future.<br/>Last night, however, I finished it.  I couldn't stop with ten pages left! I had to know!  I wasn't suspect of the killer the whole length of the book, so kudos.  Thank you for writing a page turner. For me, it was never dull at all. I will just have an extra shot of espresso in my coffee now that I stayed up too late finishing this one.<br/>Highly recommended!
This book had me hooked instantly, I was so hooked I couldn't put it down! I really enjoyed the way the author weaved together the lives of strangers with the woman who saw them every morning from the train. It was such an entertaining mystery, with twists and turns at every end. I also enjoyed hearing the story from different perspectives and at different times. My only drawback from this book was that I felt the mystery was very obvious from a few chapters in. Other than that I truly recommend this book to anyone who is looking for an entertaining mystery!
An intriguing story line but a struggle to get through. I enjoy reading stream of consciousness, first person narrative but, not when every character is like that. Three women, three men all taking about her, she, me, we, us, he, him...skipping forward and backward in time with no point of reference other than a woman's name and a date at the beginning of a chapter. I found myself having to flip back to the beginning of a chapter to figure out who was talking and when things were happening. Read when rested, focused and with no distractions or interruptions.
The narrative is divided among 4 major figures (plus one lesser), all of whom have their own chapters,  They all begin as seemingly normal, but as the slim plot moves on, one by one they shift into being psychotics, ever rationalizing stupid actions such that they are all equally 'red herrings' in the 'who-done-it.  That wouldn't be too bad, except that they all sound alike--same 'voice' and 'logic' and thus I had to check back frequently as to which character was 'speaking.'. By the near end, I really didn't care who did it--they all deserve to be put away.
This author has used multiple narrators to weave a thrilling suspense story that starts slowly and  quickly becomes a speeding train ride.  The interesting twist is that the reader cannot really connect with a single one of the main characters, as they are all so flawed as to be unloveable.  The story is told so well, though, that you want to know "whodunnit" regardless of the fact that it won't matter to you who dies or goes to jail!  Reminiscent of Gone Girl, this first effort should have readers looking for this authors next novel with great anticipation.
Suspenseful read that kept me wanting more.  Interesting how worlds collide.
Like the story line, but not the ending! Poor Rachel needed a better ending!
Each chapter seemed to be more of the same. I had a tough time finishing it.
This book has a lot of confusing characters. The Girl who rides the Train watches one couple whom she does not know each night as she rides home from her job. She lives with a girl. Named Cathy and all these characters become acquainted and involved through affairs and finally the death of one girl and her daughter. My sister really enjoyed the book, but I found it rather confusing and hard to hold my attention until the very end when we find out the truth and it all makes sense.
Not that big a deal. Story felt like it could have been 10,000 or 20,000 words shorter. Too much of it felt like s t r e t c h i n g.<br/>Characters just fumbling around in a deliberately unclear story felt annoying to me.<br/>Depressed drunk stumbling around in unclear memories just got irritating.<br/>Best part of the story was trying figure out the various possible story lines, possible ways it would play out.<br/>The ending is one of the endings that will occur to you.<br/>-<br/>To be honest it's a mystery to me why this book is so popular.
Paula Hawkins s is a great storyteller. The reader becomes the main character, Rachel -- the girl on the train.  Haven't we all looked out a window, made-up a story about what we've seen? Fallen in love with an illusion? But Rachel with all her flaws, is the one with strength to finally face the truth about herself and others. Conflicts between a wife and the ex-wife, a guilty therapist, lovers and haters -- all could be such typical storylines, but the author takes us on an interesting and unpredictable ride.  Gets better as you go along. Recommended read.
The characters are under-developed and all seem to have a very similar voice. The use of changing point-of-view just does not really cut it in this book. Each character is fairly flat and about two thrids through the book, I was able to figure out "who done it." Or at least "who probably done it." I'm still glad I read it, to see what all the buzz is about, and to experience a serious writer's foray into contemporary fiction. This is not great literature; not a terribly deep story, and certainly not on par with Hitchkock thrillers. The writing is straightforward and this is a quick read; almost a page turner. Ok, I admit I turned the page rather quickly. I'd like to add that I'm rooting for Paula Hawkins as a fiction writer, in spite of my tepid review. She is smart and amazing. We will be seeing more great stuff from her.
This is an absolutely compelling read.  The plot unfolds and takes unexpected twists, while the characters gradually reveal themselves and their secrets.  Paula Hawkins did a masterful job of matching the train's rhythms with the momentum of the story.  It started off haltingly, got traction, then gained runaway speed.  Two thirds of the way through the book I couldn't stop reading until I reached the final page.<br/>  There are some farfetched turns, unlikely plot twists, and some characters that just don't seem "fleshed out".  Still, what a ride!
This author, from my experience, knows firsthand about alcoholism and all of its terrible manifestations. Cheating, lying and most telling, self deceit. Creepy feelings and memories - reading this story - I could not put it down and it makes my skin crawl at the same time. WELL DONE.  I am a voracious reader but I cannot recall another novel which so accurately describes the personal feelings of blackout, self incrimination, etc etc etc.  "Constitutionally incapable of being honest with ourselves" I.e. We lie to ourselves about ourselves and we believe it".
The story is told thru the thoughts of three women who have a common denominator of living on one street in a suburb of London. A commuter train runs in the back of the homes on the street. One woman watches the back yards of the houses as she rides the train and dreams stories of the residents that live in the homes.  Two remaining women who live in these houses next to the train tracks live their own lives within their own fantasies.<br/><br/>The story is one of the most compelling I have read since " Big Little Lies" which is told in a similar fashion.
This novel satisfied my need for something just a little different than the norm. The heroine was  not some little perfect beauty with vanity/dating issues, who somehow has expert detective skills which helps the attractive bachelor detective in the solving of a murder case. The perfect couple then somehow falls in love as they dodge bullets and plan the perfect garden wedding only weeks after landing their perps and dissolving a crime ring. No, this was totally different, and I loved it. It was steady paced and a  screen swiper( instead of a page turner).
What can I say about this book that is not already written? I had a very hard time finishing this book. Every night my book stand would tease me with other books I could be reading. But, I finished. Albeit with the itch of putting it down half way through and starting something else.<br/>This is a very predictable book. About 3/4 of the way through it's  revealed who the killer is and after that the book just starts withering away. There was nothing in the book that kept me reading it. The characters are not strong and the book itself is very unmemorable.
I enjoyed the stylistic choice to switch between three points-of-view to tell this twisting tale (reminiscent of Gone Girl with all of its surprises); however, I wish that any of the characters had been truly likable. I didn't feel connected to any of them so much that I cared deeply about them, and that is the reason I only gave this four, not five, stars. It was a very enjoyable and compelling read, despite my personal lack of connection to the characters. I also found the literary conceit of narration through a train window very entertaining and unique.
I am being very generous with the two-star rating. I guess it's because I did want to find out what happened, so I kept pushing through so I'll give it that much..But I almost quit it several times. Wanted to, actually. Miserable, patheric characters. I guess it's a "woman's book" book but I don't understand how a story that portrays all 3 women as self-obsessed helpless dweebs becomes a NYT best seller. Kind of like how a book (50 shades) where a bright young woman gets taken in my an S&M; maniac and abused becomes #1, and the top movie? Go figure.
I had to think hard before I gave this 4 stars. It was one of those books that made you very frustrated with the central character but definitely a page turner if only to see how much further her life could spiral downwards.<br/>Is she an obsessed alcoholic nutcase or maybe she is onto a darstardley deed which may have been committed within her microcosm of life.<br/>The pace and action gets better as the book progresses and the story being told in the first person by 3 of the characters is interesting.<br/>A bit of a chick flick that this male enjoyed.
This is a good book for an airplane trip, or a day or three on the beach. On the good side, there are few characters and they are<br/>thoroughly explore. And they are almost equally horrible characters. Lots of bad things happen to almost all of them, mostly self inflicted<br/>and that was satisfying.  But basically this is a chick book and a soap opera. I was ashamed to be seen reading it. And I'm not a<br/>chick and wouldn't  dream of watching a soap. That said I read it to the end and couldn't help finishing and liking it.I guess that's why I read it
Starts quizzically and a bit slow - where are we going and why?  I like the way the reader is drawn in to each character's strangeness<br/>The motion of the train is like the motion of the plot and the movement of the characters in and out of each other's lives.  I wanted to<br/>say "Don't,  please don't, don't be a fool," as Hawkins advanced the action.  I knew who should be guilty of murder, but I wondered at<br/>each police blunder if the "baddie" would be discovered and if pain would be assuaged.  You will find this novel worthwhile.
The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins is about a young lady named Rachel.  She takes a train to work every day, the same way back and forth.  She sees a couple most days and watches them.  Then one day she sees something from the train that changes her whole outlook on them.<br/><br/>WOW!  This book is so good!  I got into all the characters really fast.  It is great writing and the twists in the story are very good with a fantastic ending!  I LOVED IT!  Once I got into this, it was hard to put down.  It will be hard to find a better book than this one.
that a plot-driven, page-turning yarn cannot also be well written? I admire so much about this book; the wonderful Rear Window premise, the unfolding of the narrative through three points of view, the episodic blackouts that contribute to the protagonist's (and the reader's) inability to sort fact from fiction. Ultimately, though, the novel suffers from a lack of attention to the writing itself - simple cliches, red herrings, characters who fail to maintain their own voices and crash into each other in some sort of "sisterhood is powerful" jingoism. Sigh.
I really hate leaving bad reviews. As a writer I strive to support authors, but the ratings on this novel led me completely astray. I didn't finish the book, it was slow, but just interesting enough for me to plod through. I did not see it as a thriller in any sense, and to be dubbed a thriller I would imagine it should be thrilling in the first half, which I did not think it was. As the book passed the second half, the main character began to do things that were unbelievable, even for a fictional character, therefore it became an unrealistic book for me.
It is a very intriguing way or writing a book.  Rachel, the lead character has a very sad life driven by alcohol and despair.  I must say that I got thrown off by the character switches and the going back and fort in time.  But it was very hard to put down, I had to go on reading because I wanted to know what happened, why it happened.  The two couples that lived on that street, in those aligned houses that Rachel saw everyday seemed picture perfect.  Nothing bad could ever happen, they had it good.  Things aren't always as they appear...A very good read.
Although I really didn't like any of the characters, the story is so well written that I read it quickly.  This book has been compared to Gone Girl, but is much better.  I did not like Gone Girl at all.  That being said, this is a very dysfunctional group of people.  Some of the dysfunction feels forced.  Rachel's alcoholic blackouts are somewhat unrealistic and convenient for the story line.  I was able to guess the killer prior to the end.  Apparently this book is going to be made into a movie, which I would never pay money to see - - too depressing!
I was so disappointed in the final quarter of this book. I would have rated 4 stars up until then.<br/><br/>I was gripped from the moment I started, it was fast paced, the characters were well developed and I really was unsure what was going to happen.<br/><br/>About 2/3 through things get weird and then the ending was just all just messy, and badly written. it lost all of its direction, and all these "Secrets" came out that had no relevance except to back up why the issue had occured. Lazy.<br/><br/>Good for a holiday read but not great.
I have to say that this was more of a peer pressure read. After hearing about everyone reading this book, I finally gave in and purchased it. I have to say I was very disappointed and do not feel like it was worth the $7.00 I spent on it. I found the writing to be very hard to follow along with as it would jump between three different sets of people and then also completely different times. I finally found that I needed to stop worrying about the time and focus on the content. Really wish that I had been able to enjoy the book a little more than I did.
This story immediately brought me back to my commuting days, boring house spent wondering about the people who lived along the train tracks. Hawkins takes that universal experience and spins it into a suspenseful tale that keeps the reader wondering and turning pages. It's a frighteningly apt portrait of life under the influence of alcohol, with jobs and relationships and facts slipping through the main character's fingers. I could not put this book down. Swift and crafty and insightful, it's a fine suspense novel. Small moments make big scary stories.
Compelling look at a female alcoholic ( and how she got that way). The novel has strong female characters and interesting narrative that gradually uncovers the truth behind a mystery. How often do you notice a home, that you pass every day, and wonder about the inhabitants? The Girl on the Train notices their life everyday - or what she thinks is their life - and gets drawn into the events that transpire. The piece of the puzzle turns out to be even more shocking than she could have imagined, and yet it gives her the resolve to overcome her own demons.
This is a fun read: it rolls along in an always interesting well paced dark mysterious story that satisfies us. Novels that are somewhat different seem appealing to me, and this, (without too much comparison to "Big Little Lies" or "Gone Girl"),  is just a little British jewel!  Not at all technical, just ingenious character explorations in a well written book. A few twists and surprises spark our enjoyment.<br/>I personally liked it better than the other two...<br/>Recommend it highly!
Very good book, can easily imagine it being adapted into a movie. My only complaint and it's a very minor one, is that none of the main characters were likable. I as a reader need to admire or like a protagonist and in this case, Rachel was a mess. I wanted to feel sorry for her and at times I did, but she continued making the same mistakes. Didn't like the other characters either but if you want a page turner, an addicting read and a mystery, this book is the one.<br/><br/>Also, great debut for the author, her career has to have drastically changed!
It's just an okay novel. It's creative on how to present the story, from three different first persons, but apart from it, it's one more thriller, very close to those written by Jessica Knoll (Luckiest Girl Alive) and Gillian Flynn (Gone Girl). Yes, maybe it's my fault to have read too many "Girl" titles in a very short time and I became a bit fed up.<br/>The narrative is well built but I strongly consider that the characters need more development. Sometimes I think the three protagonists are coming from another planet... I didn't buy them...
Once you figure out who the different characters are, the book is highly engrossing. In the beginning, the female characters blend together and it is hard to keep them straight, but finally the "girl on the train" emerges as the strongest character and the other ladies are easier to figure out. The writer develops Rachel throughout the book and goes into various facets of her personality. She is both suspicious and then likeable, finally sympathetic to the reader. Overall, it's an excellent, finely crafted book. I wish I could write this well.
I read this after it was recommended to me by Kindle First. At first I was a bit confused as to how it was written and took a little bit of pages to get the hang of the style of writing and the flipping back and forth of character writings.  It was very twisting and turning and you didn't know who or what the outcome was going to be.  The ending was definitely a shocker to me and I did not expect that to happen. But thats the beauty of mystery novels is some of them you can predict and others you just don't know until you finally finish the last page.
After reading this book, I felt like I needed mouthwash to get the bad taste out.  It is hard to become invested in a novel where the characters range from pathetic to despicable. Do I cheer for the psychotic alcoholic, the miserable mistress, or the child killer,  as they relate to the sex addicted liars in their lives?  Wow.  Just who I want to spend a couple of hours with. I should have gotten off at the first station and taken a bus to anywhere.  At least this book had a happy ending,( I guess)....justice for somebody, revenge for the misbegotten.
This book was suggested to me and I'm so glad it was.  I couldn't put it down, well I could I just didn't want to put it down.  I read it in 4 days.  I loved the way it kept you guessing. At one point I thought I had it figured out then I started second guessing myself but in the end I was right.  I kind of got hung up on the dates and timeline of the main two characters and started trying to keep track but then I realized it really wasn't curial to the story.  Overall thought it was a very good book and I would definitely recommend it as a good read.
Expected more twists, darker mood, faster pace and more complex characters.
The plot was very exciting but some character development was not complete.
A very confusing story---started out promising, but I never got the message
Found it to be a load of rubbish.Gave up about a quarter of the way through
Somewhat predictable,  and the main character's lack of gumption is trying.
Very confusing story about three very weird women. Not a blokes book at all
I didn't care for it,it was rather tedious and a litlte boring Sorry.......
I found this book's format to be similar to Gone Girl. Characters' points of view were expressed by each chapter.  Most of the book is retrospective of events, however, I found it difficult at times to follow each characters individual timelines as I tried to resolve the mystery of what exactly happened to the missing character.  At times, the plot didn't hold my interest enough to continue reading. I know that it's a best seller, but I just didn't think the quality of the writing warrants the attention the book received simply because of its format.
Here we go again I thought,when I was reading about a young girl,she feels she is not longer desirable,because she off-putting in some weight,divorce,alcoholic,lost control of her life, misery,loneliness,mentally unstable,almost stop reading this great book,is very interesting keep you in suspense,I didn't do nothing all day,I can't put it down,is so good reading,I didn't waste my day,this book is worthy my time,ha ha ha, I recommended you will like it a lot,I give 5 stars because keep me like a glued,and that is something that makes me happy,Thelma.
Over 20,000 people can't be wrong. Check out the sample, you'd end up buying the book. I needed a change in the category of novels I had been selecting and this was it. Suspenseful, a smidge dark, with pieces of surprises here and there. The plot and the characters are like something I have not experienced before. If you identify with the main character(s), the book is that much better. No story is perfect, with the exception of a few exceptional pieces, but I'm rating this a 5-star because this one make me want to pick up another suspenseful novel.
This book is being told by three women. Rachel, Megan and Anna.  All three with weaknesses.<br/>A lonely woman rides the train in every day. She sees a young couple on their balcony and envisions their "perfect lives". Only it's not perfect at all.<br/>It held my interest as I could not readily see who the murderer was and I wanted to find out.  The lead heroine, Rachel is a drunk and sees something but she cannot remember.<br/><br/>It's a bit confusing in the beginning and it drags a bit but then it takes off.  Also a bit of humor.  Definitely a good read.
I almost ditched this book in the beginning. It was so dark, depressing, negative. (I like to use my E reader while on the treadmill at the gym. My books have to be engrossing or I can't finish my workout). I loved Gone Girl to which this book has been compared. Gone Girl had some joy and beauty.  The Girl on the Train was ~98% negative but saying that, I have to add that it was a good murder mystery. It ended up being a "page turner" and I finished it on the plane while traveling. If you can tolerate a lot of negativity, you will love this.
I have to say that even though this story kept my interest, there were times when I wanted to yell to Rachel, "Stop digging your fingernails into your palms." I guess what I am trying to say is Ms Hawkins tended to grab onto some descriptions and used them over and over again. You can not allow your mind to wander when reading this or you will have no idea what is going on. Narrators constantly change and flashbacks are many...keep track of those dates!  I would think reading this as an e-book would be tricky as I continuously referred back.
Paula Hawkins did a masterful job with her first thriller.  The ending is far more satisfying than "Gone Girl."  But...the female protagonist is a drunken liar, and has so many other issues that I was put off in a big way.  Plus, yet another book with spouses cheating all over the place.  It's an excellently plotted mystery, but with such damaged characters populating the story that you may feel like you have absolutely no problems compared to them.  Minor note: I am fairly certain I never ever want to drink a gin and tonic in a pop top can.
I only read these kinds of books when I'm traveling and don't want to dwell too much on in-depth prose with interesting and intelligent characters. The Girl on the Train is a light-weight read, formulaic, trendy and superficial. If one has read Gone Girl there is no need to read its duplication.<br/><br/> I find that these books are written primarily to make money( Ms. Hawkins will be lucratively compensated when she negotiates the film rights) and secondarily to entertain, with these ingredients one shouldn't expect thought-provoking literature.
How clever of the author to pen a book from the individual (and later collective) perspective of three different main characters--all culminating in/around the resolution of the crime. It was also clever to weave it all around the oft-inebriated heroine's train treks past the characters' houses! The story kept my peaked interest throughout its telling. While I would have liked to have seen less dialogue and more focus on character development in a few places, this story is a winner. 'Hope to soon find another book as page-turner worthy as this one.
For the life of me I cannot understand how this book has been a top seller for so long.  I read A LOT.  And I would not consider this a great piece of fiction by any means.  It is soooo repetitive I felt like I was reading the same words over and over and over again until the last couple of chapters when the mystery finally unravels.  This entire story could have been told in 50 pages or less.... I get that the main character is supposed to be a messed-up alcoholic and she has a lot to regret but come on, people.  This is not best-seller material.
Readers don’t need to think a lot while reading the exciting debut novel by Paula Hawkins titled, The Girl on the Train. Some psychological thrillers require close analysis and present multiple levels of meaning. This novel lets readers relax, listen to the unreliable narrator, and revel in the action, including the twists and lies that permeate the novel. This novel could have been written far better than it is, and might then have been less popular. In its current form, it’s a kick to read and I loved it.<br/><br/>Rating: Five-star (I love it)
Okay.  This is one of those books that everyone said, "you must read this," and so I did.  I think every book club has it on it's list.  It is a mystery, but also a good psychological study.  The characters are well defined, and there are a lot of twists, turns, and surprises.  It was the mystery, and not the writing, that kept me reading.  This is what I would call a good 'weekend reader' or a good 'beach book.'  One doesn't need a dictionary or a PhD in literature to 'get it.'  It is fast moving and I enjoyed the British-isms immensely.
Please, Rachel, don't take that drink. Pour it down the sink. Don't make that phone call. Quit harassing your ex-husband. Quit peering out the train window at those two houses you pass every day. But Rachel answers only to the demons within her. She takes that drink, makes that call, rides that train, and she sinks lower and lower into a morass of lies. She staggers from pub to the streets of London to one or the other of those two houses, and all we want is for her to get her life back together.<br/>I hope the movie is half as good as the book.
EXCELLENT book.  The characters are intriguing and complex, and the story sucks you in right from the start.  I didn't want to stop reading once I started.  When I had to stop for work or sleep, all I could do all day long is think about this book and wonder what was going to happen next.  The ending didn't disappoint either, like so many books do.  The only thing is, I found that I'd become quite "attached" to the character of Rachel,  and was sorry to see her story end when I finished the book.  5 stars to Paula Hawkins.  I'm impressed.
I really enjoyed this book and it keep me interested all the way to the end. The ending made me sit for a minute with my mouth open in surprise. Love books where the ending is a surprise make it all worth the time I took reading the book.  Although; this book makes me want to keep my face in a book when riding a train. Don't want to see anything going on with people in the houses I pass. LOL I have told the readers I know to read the book. The author done a great job.
This book built up a good deal of momentum in the first half and then it got a bit repetitive and predictable as it slid towards the end. Definitely playing on that "Gone Girl" type of premise with multiple characters narrating chapters. That could be confusing at times but you got used to it. I just wish the end hadn't been such a dud. I won't spoil it but you could see where it was going and in the overall scheme of the story, it made very little sense when you take into account the characters past and present relationship connections.
Enjoyed the different perspectives, as the author switched from Rachel, to Anna, to Megan, in viewing how difficult life can be for people with significant personal problems, particularly attachment issues, arising from early childhood traumas.  Good exploration of the role of excessive alcohol consumption as a 'mind altering drug,' designed to avoid dealing with reality, and yet perpetuating continued dysfunction and unrealistic fantasizing.  Surprisingly realistic and uncomfortable portrayal of people's search for love in all the wrong places.
I read this book because it had gotten really good reviews.  I was a little disappointed because the book started out really slow and was very hard to get into.  Initially you are seeing things from the window of the train through Rachel's eyes. She is an alcoholic and has lost her job but continues to act like she is going to work everyday so her roommate will not know.  It was initially slow and boring.  The book does pick up in the middle and gets better toward the end.  I will admit that I did not figure out who the killer was until the end.
Finished this book in 2 days of almost non stop reading. Told by an alcoholic, rejected ex- wife, Rachel, the story and the solution to a murder are revealed through Rachel's obsessive watching from the train she takes each day to and from London. Two other women (Anna & Megan) also narrate their thoughts and struggles as they seek love & family. As Rachel tries to remember what happened on a Saturday in July when she blacked out after a drinking binge, the reader is kept guessing as murder suspects keep changing. A great read - very engrossing!
One of the comments from our book club members was "Can you like a book when none of the characters are likeable?" We all liked the book, so I guess, yes. My favorite character was Andy, they drunk from the train, who maybe had a paragraph of dialog in the entire book. It was well written and the story moved a long. I just thought all of the main characters were icky and didn't really care about their fates.  It was an interesting book for our book club, but we did not think it was up to the caliber of Gone Girl like some have mentioned.
Rachel a divorced woman that rides the train daily gets wrapped up in mysterious missing girl mystery. Rachel watches a loving couple from the train window twice a day until one day she witnesses another man with her. Shortly after seeing this the girl goes missing. Rachel gets involved trying to help the girl's husband. Rachel has  a history in the neighborhood and a drinking problem that makes her story questionable.<br/>This story has many twists that keep the story interesting and unpredictable. I got hooked and it was hard to stop reading.
If there was a 4.75 rating, I might give it to this compared to 5 for Gone Girl, as some other reviewers said, because sometimes I did have to remind myself which narrator was talking in different chapters, but at the same time I appreciated how similar seemingly "perfect life" women can be in their inner struggles. Love that theme! Great psychological thriller, kept me flipping pages, always guessing and never skimming. A story I'll remember for a long time.
This was a very interesting book that kept you guessing and going in one direction then another.  It was a bit confusing till you were able to get the rhythm of the author, and the time sequences.  When you think you have it figured out you are abruptly taken in another direction.  You can feel for Rachel the main character as her life is spiraling downward.  Anna seems to have the perfect life great husband and daughter,but she wants to leave their house and move elsewhere.  Megan ends up in both lives and is the key turning point to everyone.
Terrific thriller which will keep you reading through the night.<br/><br/>I saw the author interviewed and when she made reference to the films Strangers on a Train and Rear Window, 2 of my favourite films I immediate bought this book.  You will not be disappointed, however I do not understand the comparison with Gone Girl, an awful book which I would have thrown into the fire afterwards if it had been mine, only gave that 1* though film was slightly better I was still enraged at the end.<br/><br/>This book is of a totally different calibre
It took me a while to get into this book, the narrative, the people. At one point I almost put it down. But then realized that the "disfunctional" character bothered me because it was described so well. I actually felt a bit dizzy and disarranged as I got into her head. Glad I continued to read it. Nice little twist about 3/4 the way through. Some of the other characters were not as enjoyable, but this led directly to their crazed existence and play off of each other. Not my favorite book that I have read this year, but worth finishing.
What a bunch of weird, horrible characters that made for a thoroughly entertaining read.<br/><br/>This book was recommended to me by someone who said that the three female characters were so stupid that you would want to reach through your kindle and shake them, to which I thought "well it must be well written if you care that much." And so it was!<br/><br/>A well written, strange story about unlikable people. Yet it was crafted so well that I couldn't put it down and was glad I didn't... though I had predicted the ending correctly.
Much like "Gone Girl", this novel features unreliable narrators, a murder with the standard 'the husband must have done it" attitude, and unexpected twists and turns.  It also plays with the notion that each spectator of the same event can walk away with a completely different 'vision' of what actually occurred, and what we think we know about relationships from brief glimpses of someone's lives may not live up to what we have created them to be in our imagination. I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was a quick and satisfying read!
Good character development.  Would recommend this book its worth the read.
Good plot but no reasonable grounds for all the things that have happened.
I thought it was a lousy novel. I can't believe it was rated no.1 so long.
A middle-class, British version of the Jerry Springer show, in novel form.
This is one of the few novels I've read where I didn't liKe any of the characters. I can feel sorry for Rachel, her situation, her background giving me a reason not to hate her, but I don't really like her. It's a bit of to read a novel where I can't think like any of the characters, especially written in first person like this novel is. However that it's what makes this book stand out to me. No one is "a good person" and fatally flawed in some way. I've given it only three stars because while I appreciate what the author did, I can't say I enjoyed the book.
The Girl on the Train is a story written from three character perspectives that are connected through marriage and divorce. The main character Rachel is Tom's ex-wife who is addicted to alcohol and consequently works hard to retrieve memories of an incident that happens to her one night. Through her train rides into London, her ex-husband Tom, Megan's husband Scott, and Tom's current wife Anna, Rachel puts the pieces together to find out what happened to Meagan. This is a riveting account of Rachel's attempt to make sense of the mystery!
This book felt like it was written quickly with the rhythm of the train grinding to and fro between London and Witley always rumbling past in the back ground. The persistent English rain relentlessly drenches the suburban street where the action unfolds between two sets of couples all of whose lives and in some cases deaths are intertwined with Rachel - an ex-lover - the unfortunate jilted lover watching it all happen from the passing train.<br/>Quite similar to Gone Girl in style of writing - maybe they'll make a movie of this one too.
This who-done-it had an interesting premise: a girl on a train saw a man and a woman kissing as she passed by a house (that she saw nearly every day from the train).  The house was just a few doors down from where the girl on the train used to live with her ex-husband.  The kissing couple were not husband and wife. Shortly thereafter, the woman from the house went missing, and the girl on the train wants to help find her.  The book held my interest all the way to the end.  It was a fast read and a plausible storyline.  I enjoyed the book
skips around. Protagonist is hard to like. I wouldn't recommend this book
A typical mystery novel with unlikeable characters and very poor writing.
I really don't understand all the hype.  I struggled to finish this book.
Perfect summer quick read!!!! Page turner for sure I couldn't put it down
Didn't finish, boring. Maybe it got better but I couldn't last that long.
Utterly pathetic characters, in a dreary setting, with a monotonous plot.
This book was a disappointment!  After the first half of the book, I kept waiting for it to pick and become interesting . . . it didn't.  I forced myself to finish it because I had so much time invested in it.  Without giving anything away, the "twist" at the end is only about 2 pages of the entire book and the actual "incident" is worth two paragraphs.  The author describes how she did it in one sentence.  It almost seems as though she wrote the first half thoughtfully, but then got to the end and just wanted to end it!
Pretty good read, but I expected better after reading and hearing the hype about this book. I had figured out most of the "who done it" fairly early on. A bit dark for my taste, especially with the alcoholic problems the main character has, but that is probably intended. Set in London, it was interesting to read some of the descriptions of different areas of the city and the commute many people who work there experience.  All in all a good mystery with a surprise finish.  I gave it 3 stars; would have given it 3 1/2 if possible.
This book kept me hooked from start to finish. I love reading books that give me just enough clues to figure out what really happened just before the characters do, and this book delivered! The chapters are narrated by three different characters and the stories are woven together perfectly. HINT (not a spoiler): Pay attention to the dates at the beginning of the chapters. The timeline is not linear and, if you don't pay attention, you might get confused as to who is doing what when and where you are in time for any given chapter. Enjoy!
I think I'm one of the few who wasn't impressed. To have each chapter told from someone else's POV, each character needs to have a different "voice". All of the females in this story sound the same. You really had to make sure you knew exactly who's mind you were in at all time or you will be confused. Also, all of the characters had very generic names that made it very hard to distinguish who was who.<br/><br/>With such great reviews and having not heard one bad thing, I was disappointed. Good intriguing story but generic characters.
I liked the book, even though the characters were hard to like.  The author developed them well; I just thought they all had mental issues, except for the baby.<br/><br/>It took a while to get into the book.  Seems like all she did at the beginning was ride the train and drink alcoholic beverages before the action picked up....kind of a slow start.  The plot was good, even though I guessed who the killer was before the twist came at the end of the book.<br/><br/>It was a study in human nature and the way people relate to each other.
I generally adore books of this nature. Conflict between husband and wife is a fun read for me.  We have drunken Rachel, whose self esteem is battered. Hard to route for her but it says something about the author to get the reader involved enough to be frustrated with a character. The book was an easy read and made me look forward to finishing it. Would not have guessed the ending and who had dealt the sad end to adulterer Megan. Nevertheless I felt dissatisfied with the ending and felt it should have had a somewhat stronger conclusion.
Reading A Girl on the Train is a fast moving train! You cannot put the book down once you start and you will be amazed at the pace you travel through this book. I've not picked up a book I've whipped through like I did with this one, in many years. The book is fun, filled with mystery and  quirky characters. Each chapter empties you out into the stream-of-consciousness, first-person thoughts of several of the characters (one per chapter). I could not wait to see who 'done' it and you won't be able to either! Read it--you won't be sorry.
I couldn't put this book down. People are comparing this book to Gone Girl and it is very intriguing but a very different story. Lots of suspense. You do need to be careful to remember which woman is talking in each chapter. I read almost a whole chapter thinking it was Rachel when it really was Megan. So I had to go back and reread knowing that. At times it does get a bit confusing, but worth it. It's a 'guess who did what' story and kept me flying through the pages. Movie rights have already been bought and I can't wait to see it now.
Thanks to Paula Hawkins, I don't have to pace waiting for Gillian Flynn's next novel. "The Girl on the Train" is a splendid, psychological mystery thriller that keeps you wondering not only "who dun it" but also "what is real". We really seem to be witnessing a renaissance of women noir writers and I couldn't be happier.<br/>I picked this up on a whim, none of my friends have read it. But they soon will be. A fine addition to anyone's library of suspense. Hawkins is a real talent. Can't wait to see what's next.
This is a mystery which pulled me in deeper with each chapter. The ending was logical, but a complete surprise. The story line was a little confusing at first, but I liked the way the chapters were based in different time periods and from the perspective of more than one character. The author revealed characters as they truly were and as they were regarded by others. I am not sure whether or not a guy would like it, but only because the male-female roles are not entirely typical. I don't want to say more and give any of the story away.
Do your homework before you buy this novel.  I did not get beyond the first third or so as the plot and character simply did not capture my attention.  The novel is selling very well so my perspective may be well in the minority.  I expected to be immediately engaged in an active plot.  Instead, the portion of the novel i read seemed to be a stream of consciousness style of writing with a good deal of emotional feelings expressed about incompletely described events.  Perhaps the novel gathers steam and clarity in the latter portions.
I was a fan of the Gillian Flynn novels so I read this one because of all of the comparisons. It was such a let down. All the reviews that refer to the main character being unlikeable are completely true but more than that the problem was just the plot. I wasn't intrigued because I was too busy being annoyed. The climax isn't exciting because it feels completely out of no where and there just wasn't enough foreshadowing in my opinion. It could have been really great and I did enjoy the idea of the plot but overall it misses the mark.
A thoroughly engaging page-turner written so much better than the bestseller it references, "Gone Girl." Why the girl on the train and not the woman on the train? Why not capitalize on a a bestseller with a similar story. Girl on the Train kept me thinking...Is she schizophrenic? Is the ex schizophrenic? Was it all in her imagination? It would have been more interesting than the way it wrapped up so quickly and so neatly, something many novels or poor editing suffers from. For a thoroughly good romp, take a ride on the train!
The Girl on the Train has a lot of back and forth in time and a lot of voices of different characters.  It takes a little bit of time to get the hang of the story. Once you are "into" the story Ms Hawkins does an excellent job of making the reader feel empathy and at the same time wanting to shake some of the characters to put some sense into them!  I was lucky to win an early copy of this story.  I'm looking forward to reading more by this author.
I Love to read but I found this novel depressing number one because the main character was an alcoholic an was always drinking. Number two because the entire book was sad. The ending although not predictable was again very depressing. I read for enjoyment and there was little enjoyment to this novel. If you like depressing books that are confusing (who was speaking at that time and date) then this book is for you. If you like a good book that keeps your interest but is not depressing then I strongly recommend that you not read this.
Very good mystery plot, to be sure but completely despicable characters. I ended up loathing not only the main character and her weak, self loathing and the enjoyment she gets from wallowing in it but I despised the other feature characters as well. Scott turns out violent and cold, Anna is so pleased with herself and self concerned I'm amazed she's capable of loving a child at all and the only decent guy gets very little time in the story.<br/><br/>I've never disliked a primary character as much as I disliked Rachel in this book.
This was a well written, suspenseful book from beginning to end. The female characters were well developed and believable. While on the whole not getting too "deep", there were still a few very insightful parts- one particular passage stuck with me: "....the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mould yourself through the gaps".  Less attention was given to the male characters. Overall, this was a good, fun read- perfect for the beach. A real page turner.
I initially bought this book 2 weeks ago to read on a cruise. I didn't end up reading the book on the cruise but decided to actually pick it up about a week ago.<br/><br/>I found it to be fast paced without the use of any deep thinking. I enjoyed the un-reliable narrator aspect of it which definitely kept me turning the pages.<br/><br/>Although I had my suspicions of the actual perp about halfway through the book, I kept wondering if there would be a big turn all the way up to the big reveal.<br/><br/>Good read on a rainy day.
First off, every review I read seemed to reference "Gone Girl", so I was tipped off to look for unexpected twists of character and plot. This book contains those, and it definitely kept me scrambling mentally to try to figure out where the next one would come from. But it's also essentially a character study. The main narrator is troubled and highly flawed, and following her trek through the story to make sense of where she has landed and what happened to the life she loved was probably the most satisfying part of this book.
This is a book that intrigued me from the outset.  The main character seems to be so weak and disturbed, but I found myself rooting for her anyway, wanting her to get herself straightened out.  I didn't know when I began reading that the book is a whodunnit, and I kept changing my mind about the identity of the perpetrator.  The author did a wonderful job of revealing the various stories of each of the players and their parts in the mystery.  She kept me in suspense.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a murder mystery.
I read a brief review of this when it first came out, and was expecting something else, just a story of a woman who made up stories about the lives of those she sees from her commuter train. However, after hearing so many people say it was a great read, I read it. It was so much better than I expected, a psychological thriller that opened up my mind to reading so many more like it, if there even is anything like it. Somewhat like Gone Girl, which I also loved, however don't equate the main characters, because they are nothing alike.
This a nuanced mystery that unfolds gradually as the reader experiences three alternating points of view. Each narrator is unreliable for different reasons and the lines between truth/lies and reality/fantasy are ever-shifting. Hawkins' careful pacing and overlaying of timelines/action ensures that we feel the confusion, frustration, and agonizing anticipation of the three narrators. This tale is a chilling reminder that there are many types of abuse, and we never really know what happens behind closed doors…even, at times, our own.
33K reviews -- here's one more. Yes, it's a page-turner and a who-dunnit and well written. It's written from 3 POVs, the main one being the girl on the train. An interesting use of POV since it takes all three to give us the whole picture. Each POV is from a person with major character flaws making them to various degrees unreliable. Don't let the booze-abuse put you off. This is a quick read and very entertaining. And you know there's going to be a movie made of it so read the book and you can compare the book to Hollywood's take.
Hawkins is one terrific story teller. She really knows how to build the suspense. Kept me guessing and wondering and turning the pages. I liked her writing style once I got used to her penchant for setting the mood of each scene. You keep wondering what the hell is going on here...and little by little she sucks you into the lives of these 5 people who are all connected. I really liked the device SHE used  switching first person accounts between the female protagonists. It was a great read even though the ending was anticlimactic...
We chose to read this for our book club, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. On one hand, it brought me back to a time when people took the time to relax, riding a train for everyday travel. The author sucked me in right away with her description of characters and events, enabling me to feel as though I were actually there. The emotions were real, and twists in the story felt normal, not contrived. As I rode the train into NYC one day, I channelled the protagonist, and watched as houses flew by, and thinking what stories they may contain.
Great book, I wasn't sure what was going to happen until the end!  It takes place in modern times, so it should be girl on the tube, or metro or subway.  Rachel is a drunk and screw up, imagining the lives of other people she sees from her seat on the train.  She pushes herself to become part of the lives of the people she sees and, well it's a mystery so I don't want to say more!  If you've been to a therapist you'll recognize what your therapist tells you when you've behaved badly.  Anyhow, super book, I'm sure it'll  be a movie.
Fun read - it really kept my attention and pulled me into the story and had me wanting to know the characters. I liked that the story wasn't happening in a linear fashion... but sometimes I did have to look back at the chapter heading and see "when" something was happening. I read it on a Kindle, so it was a bit cumbersome going back and forth (the chapters are named "Rachel", "Megan" and "Anna" - over and over again, so it's easy to lose your place). I'm looking forward to a movie using this story!
Oh, come on!!  There isn't a sympathetic character in the whole book.  They're all so disgusting you don't care what happens to any of them--except maybe Rachel's put-upon roommate, who is beyond a minor character.  I always finish a book--I think I owe an author that much--but with this one it was very difficult.  There's no suspense (you figure out who did it very shortly after you meet the character and it's not a leap to guess why) and the writing isn't even that compelling.  HOW did this book ever get on the best-seller list?
At first a slow moving story and difficulty understanding who is who but once that all falls into place it is an interesting glimpse into several lives and how they intersect.  The damage alcohol causes a life is clearly described.  If you like Jodi Picoulet style, you'll like this story also.  I like to try to guess how it is going to turn out and this story was not easy to figure out.  Reading on a kindle is harder because you can't go back and re-read parts as easily if it were an 'ear-marked' book !  But overall an good read !
The books starts out very well and pulls the reader in. I couldn't put it down. It proceeds along nicely until the plot starts to payoff. At that point it devolves into predictable melodrama. The characters become caricatures with silly, over dramatic dialogue that takes your out of the story.The resolution is pretty much by the numbers and not all that interesting. I kept getting the feeling that the author was scorned by a man and this was her way of getting back at him due to the silly way it plays out. I think a few more revisions and input by a good editor could have turned it into a good book, but it falls short. Its still worth a look, but lower your expectations.
I thought the book was very interestingly written.  It took me a little bit to catch on to who the alternating persons were and was a little slow moving in the beginning, but then it got to a point I couldn't put it down.  The language wasn't too bad and I suppose somewhat appropriate, but I thought it the writer got a little carried away with the foul language right at the end.  I guess I didn't see the point of it since she hadn't written that way throughout the book.  However overall it was worth the read if you like mysteries.
Trash. When the perpetrator performs a confessional soliloquy with 10 minutes left in the book, you realize that the writer was stumped as to how to resolve any mystery that may have remained at that point and took the easy way out. There is no literary merit to the novel whatsoever. In spite of this, the book moves quickly and manages to evoke a mild guilty engagement (hey - it IS a murder story), which is apparently the inspiration for most of the positive reviews. Hitchcock?! Are you kidding? If there's a crime and a window...?
could not get into the plot.  stopped reading it 1/4 of the way through.
If you enjoyed Gone Girl, movie or/and the book, you will like this too.
I DID NOT LIKE THIS BOOK AT ALL. ONE OF THE WORST BOOKS I HAVE EVER READ
Things are not always what they seem.  In the genre of Alfred Hitchcock.
What a huge disappointment. I can't imagine why this is such best seller
It was a good suspenseful read!  However the plot was a bit predictable.
guess i'm the only one that thought this book was weird and not flowing.
improbably and unbelievably dysfunctional characters with bizarre story.
It's got all the ingredients that make a fiction book great, drama, suspense, love and betrayal, many lies and deception and of course a murder mystery where all the clues lie within the main character who can't for the life of her remember what happened on that one particular night except for some tidbits that keep our eyes glued to the pages as she follows whatever smallish leads her memory is able to produce. Simply amazing! Hopefully it will become another great movie like Gone Girl, it certainly has tremendous potential!
First time reading a novel by this author.  The pace and plot of this story was something I like when I'm reading a mystery.  Just enough description and dialogue to keep me turning the pages.  I usually skip over some paragraphs if the author gets too descriptive, I don't need a whole page of adjectives about wardrobe or a room, but this novel I read every word.  This story flipped back and forth between characters and pass and present, but it was not difficult to follow.  I would recommend this to readers who like mysteries.
Yes, many people love this book, propelling it onto the bestseller lists, but I found it frustrating. The time switching was too episodic and hard to keep track of, as we hear the thoughts of three women, Rachel, Anna and Megan. Rachel is an alcoholic who has blackouts so her memories are unreliable. None of them are people to admire, so there is no "good guy" to cheer for.  The dates involved are many and include 7/12/13, 10/2/12, 1/10/13, 3/7/13, etc. I bought and read the entire book but failed to find it compelling
I would have put this down in the first couple of chapters, but it was the only book I had with me on a weekend trip.  I found the main character depressing.  I read it through to the end because I had to know if I had guessed it correctly which I had.  Her relationships with the other characters in the book were shallow and hard to understand.  The guy with red hair on the train just disappeared and was never explained along with what happened to her the night she couldn't remember.  Did not enjoy this book or the characters.
I don't think I've ever experienced such frustration with a book, but I'm sure anyone who has dealt closely with an alcoholic can say the same about the relationship. The only person I liked was Cathy, a [very] minor player. Rachel had me wanting to throw the book across the room, but I kept on reading. Anna, Megan, Scott and Tom appeared blind to the consequences of their actions. The characterizations remained relatively true; the plotting was uneven; the theme was . . . hell, what was the theme? Enough! Three stars is kind.
A thriller to be read and devoured! The writing is interesting and captivating. There is a bit of similarity to "REAR WINDOW". Our imaginations are powerful. Page after page, chapter after chapter we learn the strengths and weaknesses of the characters. We determine the killer, we change our mind about the killer. Who is real, who is imaginary, what are the characters motives? So much to lose. Who do you trust. What is REAL, what has been fabricated?<br/>If you love a good thriller, grab this one and it will grab you!
After all the media hoopla and comparisons with Gone Girl I was expecting something twisty and well paced. Instead, the protagonist,Rachael, who's been widely portrayed as an unreliable narrator is actually reliable and all the other characters are wildly unrelaible.The characters are wholly unsympathetic and one dimensional. There's really no surprise or tension-I had it figured out fairly early. But I have to say,not terrible for a first effort.Remember Gillian Flynn wrote two creepy and not very good books before Gone Girl.
There are six main characters in this story. Five are totally unlikeable. I don't know how many times I wanted to put this book down. The story is told by three women from alternative perspectives. The three women characters are weak, whining, and reckless. Two of the males are self-indulgent, bombastic, and manipulative. "I'm sorry," but Rachel's character, emotions, and actions are pathetic; give her another bottle. This is English literature at its worst. The plot is fairly predictable. Read something else instead.
This was a great ride! The unique concept of the plot pulled me in, the growing tangle of events kept me turning pages. The narrative moves between three women whose voices are so similar, I sometimes confused who was speaking and had to go back and check. None of them were particularly likeable or easy to identify with. The timeline jumps around. But all in all it wasn’t that hard to follow and the action was intriguing. This is good, solid storytelling and I enjoyed every minute. Couldn’t stop reading till I got to the end.
I enjoyed reading this book. This is a murder mystery written through the eyes of the main characters in the story. So the reader has to get used to switching between first person accounts. This works well providing different points of view on the same narrative. The main character, Rachel, is very believable, an unemployed alcoholic, she blunders on revealing more of herself as the story develops. The Plot moves along well, with plenty of twists and turns. I didn't solve it until right at the end. This is well worth reading.
Liked it, didn't love it.  It reminded me of Gone Girl. Rachel is a mess, an alcoholic sloppy mess. I thought she was a bit crazy, but her crazy fit with overall thrill of the novel.  Easy read, but it was slow at first for me.  I wanted Rachel to snap out of it.  She was annoying in her inability to get over her divorce. Megan was worse.  Seemingly has everything but past problems prevents her from ever being truly happy.  The other woman was stupid.  The book was a little predictable, but the thrill has there in the middle.
I have to give this well-written, fast-paced story 5 stars because I was unable to put it down and read it in a day. The protagonist and her drinking problem kept me on the edge of my seat. How was she ever going to get her life in order and gain self respect when she was usually strongly under the influence and thus unaware of reality which led to gaping holes in her memory. The realization of the truth behind those dark spaces is vital to Rachel's credibility and eventual healing. This book should appeal to a wide audience.
The author's writing was good.  The book itself was a bit frustrating the read, although the settings and format were consistent, so there was definite continuity.  The characters were a bunch of losers, especially the female ones.  Almost depressing.  And my initial thought was, why would anyone want to read this?  Why is it a best seller?  But, I held on and, of course, I figured out who the culprit was in the theme of the story ahead of time, and pushed myself to finish the book.  I will never read any of her books again.
I loved this book. So much so that I was  late for appointments, fell behind on tasks, lost sleep and reached the ending in less than twenty four hours while relishing every delicious word. Told through the words and perspectives of three different women, the writer maintains three very distinct voices and yet, shows how very much the same these individuals were in their relationships with men. I won't give anything away but I highly recommend discovering this book. I promise it will hold your interest till the final period.
This book got a lot of hype for me.  So much so that it was impossible for it to live up.  But it came closer than I would have expected.  There were twists and turns and things I didn't see coming.  And I read a lot.  For a book to have something I didn't see coming is a pretty high compliment!  This book has been compared to the various Gillian Flynn novels out there and that is a fair comparison.<br/><br/>I couldn't put it down and for people who feel they've seen it all, give this a chance.  It just might surprise you.
Once I got into this, I wanted to keep reading. The story is told from the viewpoint of three women in chapters that build on themselves. Each chapter reveals something new about that person and gradually there are connections. The women are interesting enough. The main character is a woman who rides a train to work daily and has developed a fantasy about a couple living in a house whose back faces the tracks at a brief stop each day in the commute. But nothing is as it seems . . . . . . . . I enjoyed this book. Recommended.
At the beginning, I was a little confused by the narrative switching between characters.  Once I became used to the format, I was riveted by this story and couldn't wait to see what the next chapter or train ride would bring.  If you haven't read this book yet, pay attention to dates as well as which character is telling the story so you can see the big picture of this drama playing out.  I loved how my feelings toward the characters kept changing as the author revealed more about them. I would give this one a big thumbs up!
Four stars because The Girl on the Train held my interest and was well-written, but it could have been five stars if there was just one character that I cared about.  This book was populated with miserable people, one more miserable than the next.  In the beginning I was hoping that Rachel, the main character would become less pathetic as the story evolved, but she didn't, and by the end I just didn't care.  So maybe, four stars is a stretch.  If you are looking for a book to uplift you for just one moment, keep on looking.
Well written account of an alcoholic who thinks she may have witnessed a murder. The struggles with denial, reasons for drinking and the negative changes she thinks about (before another drink) are well done.  There are two other first person's account which are used to weave the timeline but the central character captures your attention.  Easy to say tisk, tisk when reading one bad idea/memory/reason after another but anyone who has struggled with addiction or is close to one who has will feel a tug in their consciousness.
The story is complex and well thought out. I really enjoyed this book even though I'm not super into mysteries.<br/><br/>The idea of a main character so flawed and dysfunctional that she seems like a hopeless person is actually pretty cool. You're reading about this utterly pathetic woman stumbling around and you're thinking, "ok, how can a book be about a person like this?" So then that becomes intriguing, and you keep reading to find out how she got into that state whether she'll manage to pull herself together.
The book is a gripping mystery, very realistically narrated in the first person. The characters are flawed; their flaws are rendered painfully evident by the author, as they relate their observations believably and realistically. After the first 50 pages or so, the reader is hooked on a developing and intricate plot of betrayal. It's a fascinating account, extremely well written, to be enjoyed by any mystery enthusiast, male or female. It's one of the 5 or 6 best books I read in the last 12 months.
A bit neurotic for my taste, but I'm not an alcoholic, so there's that.
This book was really bad. I feel like I wasted $10 on complete garbage.
I didn't like this novel at all. Had to force myself to get through it.
Confusing, don't care about characters. Gave up about half way through.
Great ending but the rest of the book was a little slow and depressing.
There was not one likable character in the book....I need at least one.
Definitely a page turner - but a little too sensational toward the end.
Great book. Had so many twists that it had you guessing and guessing...
I bought it for a present for someone and they said they liked it a lot
This book made no sense at all.  Very boring.  Would never recommed it.
Decent storyline, plain language and no foreshadowing or symbolism incorporated to make the story richer.  It was like listening to your friend talk about her friends.  The descriptions of the places and characters were short and unimaginative.  I read this after a Stephen King novel and it was like going from watching a cinematic masterpiece to a reality tv show.  It was okay to pass time but not a book I'll be recommending.  The characters lacked depth and conviction -- again like listening to your friend recount gossip.
For a not-a-whodunnit reader, I found the book hard to put down.  I was angry at the main character for most of the book only to feel that it was judgemental on my part towards the end.  I consider myself compasionate, but was having a hard time summoning up compasion for her.  It must be a clever writer she who managed to keep me hooked on the book and examining my own views all along.  There was nothing predictable about it and the surprises were just right to keep me going.  A great book to read on a weekend by the sea.
It took a while to get into this book; I found it very depressing initially and put it aside, but picked it up again later and did finish it.<br/><br/>While I certainly would not categorise "The Girl on the Train" as a must-read book, it is quite entertaining and does have a couple of suspenseful moments; I was quite surprised by the ending.  It is rather more a borrow from the library or a friend book, than must-buy to read again.  Having said that, it is probably not a bad way to spend a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Outstanding psychological novel. The author takes you on a wild journey through the eyes of the three women in the story. Not until near the end does the terrible truth begin to reveal itself. On the way there, you are buffeted by the stories of the protagonists, live their anguish and their hopes, move with them through the landscape of the tale. I haven't been so engrossed in a novel for some time. One of those books you can't wait to finish to find out what happens but then feel devastated that it's over. A masterpiece.
I am still trying to determine how this made any best seller list - I found this to be a dreary and depressing book, extremely slow paced and repetitive. In the future I will rely more on the other reader's reviews, than books that somehow make it to a "best" selling list. An unfortunate waste of my money and time.  I had to purchase a "light hearted" mystery book just to clear the cobwebs in my head from this.  negative 2 stars.
Like reviews say, the character are unlikeable. But that did not make me dislike the book, it was very good. Not great, but a cut above mediocre. the best part for me, what makes it 3 stars over 2 is two things:<br/>1.  the story changes perspective among three female characters, and you learn a little more and a little more about what is going on from each<br/>2. the time frame jumps back and forth, future/past/future/past and that was cool, made it more interesting<br/>Without the above it would have been just so-so.
I love this book because it's not your regular mystery. It has the perfect mixture of suspense and humor. If your a fan of Gone Girl, you would definitely like this! The main character has some issues that make her unlikable yet, at the same time, you want to keep reading to find out what she'll do next! I like the fact that this book is unpredictable and the main character  has her own problems, showing that she is human, which I'm sure we all can relate to because we all have our own problems no matter how big or small.
This book is seriously overrated and don't understand how it has remained on the best seller list for so long!  I really dislike this sort of writing where authors use the narrators' use of drugs and alcohol and mental challenges in order to excuse all sorts of information withholding and misrepresentation in telling the story.  The conclusion was brought together in a somewhat convincing manner, but there was so much muddling and obfuscation that occurred leading up to that point that it was overall an off-putting read.
I had no expectations or information on the novel content when I bought it.  I kept reading it although I found it repetitive and slow at times.  The characters were well developed.  All were unlikeable.  I figured out the plot two thirds through but again kept reading.  I would compare it to Gone Girl which I read some time ago I found that a more interesting and faster paced read. But thinking about it there was a similarity to the style in which is was written may have been what made me less impressed with this novel.
I was really looking forward to reading this book and pre-ordered it. I was disappointed because there were a few chapters when I felt the story didn't progress. The narrator continues to think the same thoughts and the story doesn't build.<br/><br/>That being said, it was not obvious to me how the story was going to turn out or who the "bad guy" was. It does draw you in and make you want to find out "who done it".<br/><br/>Overall it was ok, but I recommend Gillian Flynn's Dark Places over this book.
The Girl on the Train fits into what I call "junkfood literature" - not gonna change your life, but it's a fun, easy read.  The writing is good.  The narration dragged along in some parts, but overall it held enough suspense to keep me basically hooked til the end.  Although it was entertaining and fresh, it was depressing and left me just, well . . . depressed.  If you don't mind that, give it a chance.  I won't count Paula Hawkins out for future books.  The ending even left a bit of room for a possible sequel.
Since this has been on the NYT best seller list for some time, I thought I'd give it a try.<br/>Was very disappointed in the story curve...seemed like it took forever to cut to the chase,and when you got there at last, Predictable.<br/>I normally devour good novels, but I had to force myself to finish this one.<br/>Maybe it's my 'guy' point of view, but I can see why this might be considered more appealing to those of the opposite gender since it may be easier to relate to the main character from that viewpoint, but I was on the verge of asking Amazon for a refund.
meh.... I liked it. I liked the writing style - felt it was solid. I didn't like the characters and suspected the killer. I felt the ending was too unavailing. But really, given Rachel's personality, I cannot see the story ending any other way. The story is plot-driven. There is not one likeable character in the book but sometimes that is okay. Sometimes, that's just life. Although, The Girl On the Train was a thrilling read, it had too much hype surrounding it and therefore, the book did not live up to my expectations.
Terrific book. Great thriller. Beautifully written characters.  I started this book in the early afternoon and didn't put it down until I finished. Uniquely written. A story told is short passages by three women whose story all connects. Treat yourself to this book. I also believe it is Paula Hawkins first novel. What a future she has in the literary world. For all you movie lovers out there - expect to see this made into a film with Cate Blanchett nominated for her portrayal of Rachel. Remember you heard it here first.
I think the value of this book lies in the clarity with which it illustrates how differently women perceive the world from men.<br/><br/>  This is particularly apparent in the emotional impact of infertility.<br/><br/>  Not sure if that is the author's intent, and it should not be perceived as a  negative  criticism, but I don't believe I have ever experienced the clarity of emotional and intellectual differences between the  genders that this book brought<br/>forth via the female characters.....And a male reader.
Loved the book. I kind of related to the main character because I take the train everyday and I do the same thing: building up a story for the Chinese couple working on the farm, the old lady drinking coffee and reading the paper in the veranda...<br/>The end was not my favourite part of the book. I think all the thrillers now have the same kind of ending, as if writing for a film. Graphic and violent last scene. Maybe I just miss old Hercule Poirot gathering all the suspects in a room to reveal who the murderer is...
One of those overrated novels everyone reads. It is relentlessly dark. Every major character is morally empty: liars, cheaters, drunks. And, a killer.<br/><br/> There's a surprise , of course. The plot twist is the reward for your slog through the novel, but you'll figure it out before the big reveal. So, even that seems hollow; formulaic.<br/><br/>It's the kind of novel that makes you want to go to the liquor store, but not the nice one; the one in the sketchy neighborhood, by the railroad tracks. For cheap wine.
I loved this book.... I think. I mean when you read a book in two days - when you can't put the book down, that means you love it right? But I feel weird about it though. I didn't develop a connection with any of the characters & actually I either really disliked them or else I found them extremely annoying. But, I couldn't put the book down! This is the first time I've ever read a book and had this reaction. I'm giving it 5 stars because it had me flipping pages wanting to figure out the plot in an all consuming way.
I wanted more. I was able to figure out what was happening too early. I thought the book was over hyped. Not a bad read but I guess I wanted something with more depth and hooks. I get annoyed at books that jump from character and different points in time. There are better ways to build suspense and plot. Almost seems like a way to avoid writing a deeper and suspenseful novel. Just jump from character to character at random points in time to confuse the reader. I guess I better start working on my great American novel.
Pulled me right in. Despite issues of the protagonist, I was rooting for her right away and all along. I liked that I wasn't able to figure out the "truth" until the very end. Even though some of the issues were everyday issues people may deal with, they were handled in an way that didn't make them cliche. I also felt the premise was unique and interesting. I would say if you're looking for high literary writing, this is not it, but it was satisfying to me because of the premise, suspense and lack of cliche.
Bottom line - it's a murder mystery.  I enjoyed the book but it wasn't exactly 'stretching'.  Not really good material for a book club, but great for a beach read or a long plane journey.  I'd recommend it for that!  The story is told from differeing perspectives of the characters and personally I find that difficult on a Kindle as I can't flick back and forth to work out who is speaking and how it relates to what was said by someone else.  But that is a purely personal observation and doesn't detract from the book.
An interesting twist; one of the main characters of this who dunnit is an alcoholic, subject to blackouts and memory loses who wonders whether she might be the guity party.  Everyone here has character flaws; there are no good guys.  In the end, the outcome is not terrible surprising, as virtually anyone could have done it.  this almost doesn't matter, however, as the more interesting story is who succumbs to his/her demons and who overcomes them.  The journey, not its conclusion, was the best part of the read here.
The book is written in first person accounts between Rachel, Anna and Megan (postmortem ).  The chapters bounce among the women.  Rachel has a severe drinking problem so her memory is questionable and causes the police to have issues with her credibility.  Anna had an affair with Rachel's former husband whom she is now married to and she's obsessed with Rachel's continued presence in their lives. Megan becomes the victim and we postmortem her history post.  The flow is slow and loses the readers interest throughout.
Several friends recommended this to me and I am so glad I read it. In a very short time, as the plot thickened, I found myself glued to the book, early morning, late at night, whenever I could grab a few minutes.<br/><br/>The setting is in small villages near London that are connected by the train, in 2013.<br/>The characters are very believable, you feel their pain and joy, and want the murder of a young wife to be solved.<br/>Since I hate spoilers I won't tell more, read it, I'm sure you will give it a 5 star.
Ridiculous plot. Not one character is slightly likable or interesting.
A surprising psychological thriller. It get me guessing until the end.
I don't get what the hype was. I thought it was dark, slow and boring.
I did not care for the book,  I really never liked the main character.
Would not want to have any of the characters as friends. Boring people
I generally dislike novels with unreliable narrators. Seen far too many in the books I've read for my English classes. But this book plays the unreliable narrator off phenomenally. It perfectly switches your suspicion from one character to another, giving you just enough information to believe one thing, and then pulling that away from you with the introduction of new facts. Definitely worthy of the hype, and definitely worth your time.
I thought that this book was ok.  You knew enough information about the characters to feel like you 'understand' them but not enough to feel like you 'know' them.  The plot of the story was good, however, I feel like if this were to be made into a movie it would go directly to Lifetime.  It just didn't have enough depth for me.  It was worth the read but I won't be recommending it to anyone I know.  I would have given it 4 stars if it wasn't for the rave reviews...I think they set my hopes too high for this book.
I figured out who the murderer was as soon as the crime happened -- there just weren't many suspects to choose from.  So from the standpoint of suspense, there isn't a lot, because you know where things are going.  What I did like was the way the story was told, the three first-person narratives by the women, and how the writer plays with unreliable narration.  I also think the main character who suffers from blackouts was interesting.  Over all, the book is a quick read and pretty enjoyable.  Just no surprises.
Rachel, the girl on the train, is a serious alcoholic who keeps doing stupid things even when she knows they will end badly.  After a while, this gets very annoying, but it continues through the book.  Still, Rachel is a sympathetic character despite her flaws; I kept rooting for her to turn things around.  The book's other characters have their own unappealing problems.  The story line develops slowly but eventually picks up and maintains momentum.  Hawkins is a very capable writer.  This book is worth reading.
The story itself is well written however, I was thoroughly sick of the main character's drinking problems. Aside from that, the only thing I didn't like about this story was the fact that the characters were unlikable people, every single one of them. The ending does have a good twist which I enjoyed. It would depend upon the person I was talking to whether or not I'd recommend this book. If it's just a good story you're after and you don't mind the characters all being pathetic, then I would say read and enjoy.
Who done it? Who cares? I don't recommend this book. I found it to be slow and lurching, like the commuter trains that run through the novel. I didn't like the back-and-forth datelines which were confusing at times. None of the characters were well drawn out or interesting to me. It wasn't the worst thriller I've ever read, but it was close. I just don't get why this book is so popular and received such good press. I read it mostly after I got in bed to help me sleep. Skip this one, unless you are out of Ambien.
This book was just ok. It introduces several storylines and characters that serve absolutely no purpose other than to try and confuse you and throw you off from guessing who the killer is, who turns out to be exactly who you thought it was from the start. I also do not like a book where the killer confesses all in the last few pages because he/she thinks they're going to get away with it, which is what happens here.  Very unrealistic. It was a quick read and Id recommend it to people telling them it was just ok.
The book was a very fast read.  But it is not well written and has kind of a trite story line.  If I were the publisher and it were my first effort, I probably wouldn't have bothered publishing it.  The good part was the fact that it could be read vert quickly and did keep your interest.  It certainly doesn't come anywhere near the caliber of writing of a Stephen King, a Harlen Coben, a John Sanford or a Jeffery Deaver. And it certainly should not be compared with "Gone Girl" which was written very well.
Loved this book, even though the main character is pretty messed up. She's an alcoholic trying to deal with a divorce and the loss of her job. Now she is riding the train everyday to a job she no longer has, passing her old home in which her ex and his new wife and baby live. To make matters worse she has begun to fantasize about the young couple two doors down. Things really get tangled when the wife of the young couple disappears. 's. Hawkins keeps you guessing till the end about how all these people connect.
I suppose it was okay. Didn't love it, but I didn't hate it either. Seemed a bit draggy about the middle. My biggest problem was that I didn't feel like the people I was reading about were people I'd want to spend time with in real life.  And the ending didn't leave me uplifted. But Paula Hawkins is a talented writer and the story takes you away into a world of its own. So if you want escape your reality for a while and to get into someone else's head this book may just  be the right vehicle to carry you along.
Sooooo good!  At first, I had to sort out who was who, and what the relationships were.  But once that was sorted, I couldn't stop listening!  I love Hitchcock and Christie, btw..  This was definitely along the lines of a Hitchcock psychological thriller....Every bit as good!  Amazed that this a break out book for author Paula Hawkins.  SO well written, keeps you nervous right up til the end!  Just finished it and want to hear it again!  Highly recommend the audio cd. Really enjoyed the British voice actors.
This book made it to the top of the best seller list because it deserved to be there.  The girl tried unsuccessfully to put herself back into a life with her past husband.  Her imagination was quite enough to solve the mystery that was very obvious to only her.  Sometimes we want to jump into the pages and tell her to take a different direction.  I like the division of chapters assigned to individusals so we can follow the emotions as the plot plays out.  Buy it, borrow it or sit in the library, but READ IT.
I certainly did not like this book as much as most people seemed to. I tried to like it. The character of Rachel was too despicable for me to care about. The book was slow and repetitive. It told instead of showed, which I found annoying and boring. The last twenty percent kicked in and sped things up. I enjoyed the end. I'm not sorry I read the book, however, I am sorry that I read reviews first which made me set the bar so high.
I understand the creativeness of the storyline, but it was just not my type of writing.  I found myself avoiding reading it, but being a compulsive reader, I would not put it away for another book- I was bound and determined to finish it.<br/>Maybe I just couldn't focus on the names. For a while i mistakenly thought that Rachel was delusional and was actually Meagan and Ann.  I was confused- maybe because of the Jason and Jess thing...<br/>Anyway, I am glad I finished, but sort of wished I hadn't started.
I can't believe this is #1 on the best seller list. Interesting beginning...looking out the window of a train and day dreaming about the people you see out that window. But, then it became so repititious. How many times do we have to read how drunk Rachel is, what she drank, how sick she felt and on and on. The story could have been easily condensed. Then there was<br/>a rush to explain the murder at the end. I was very disappointed. I also couldn't find one likeable character. (Not that this is necessary) I added 4 star because it's a good book for summer reading. Many will enjoy the mystery.
I don't think I've ever been so tired of a character as I was of Rachel, the woman who road trains.  Her emotions ran the gamut from A to B - exhaustion, confusion, weakness. (Make that A to C.)  By the middle of the book, I wished someone would shake her.  And they did, regularly.<br/>The writing wasn't bad, the plotting wasn't bad, but there were no characters I sympathized with.  By the end, I was ready for the whole cast to disappear.<br/>If you read this book, be ready for an unbelievable conclusion.
Wow when I got to the end of this book I was left liked wow…WTF. I was left wanted something more for Rachel after all she had been through but I was glad to have been able to get some closure for her. I enjoyed how we got bits and pieces that made the story come together. I will admit there was times I was biased towards one character but in the end I was able to get past that and really enjoy the story without letting my feelings get the best of me. This was a fun book club read that I enjoyed discussing.
Highly recommend this novel. The mark of a good storyteller is when the reader has to stay up until the story concludes, even when it will take several hours to finish. I didn't get done reading until 4:30 am but that was alright by me! Three very distinct narrators move the plot along, sometimes overlapping events in giving their unique perspectives. Involving plot will keep you guessing as to what actually happened. Great read!
An intense, creepy story that simmers for a long time before it boils over and leaves you astounded, but really satisfied. This is best read on those cold, muggy, rainy days when you can relish the tingling in your spine. If the beginning feels slow or confusing or if you are put off by depressing and mostly negative characters , just power through and stick with it - the pay-off is a huge wallop in your gut and oddly gratifying!
At the beginning while Rachel was describing what she could see from the train window, I thought of the movie Rear Window and expected a murder. As I read on I was reminded of Gone Girl. It got a bit tiresome and I guessed pretty early on what was going to happen. What bothered me was the style: first person, three different characters yet all written in the same style. I couldn't feel the different personalities. But, as I said before, an easy read so I quite enjoyed it but it left no lasting impressions.
What a nice little surprise this book was!  Downloaded it because it was on sale and the description sounded interesting, but wow!...  what a page-turner this turned out to be.  Read it in 2 days because I literally couldn't put it down. Intricate and suspenseful plotting along with great character development made this one of the best books I've read in ages. Won't give away any of the plot here but suffice it to say that if Hitchcock was still alive I think he would jump at the movie rights to this book.
I can't get over how many of the characters ridiculed Rachel (including herself) for not fitting the "ideal" of what a woman should look like!!!! This aspect hugely detracted my overall feelings for the book as a whole.  Granted the characters with these views were mostly self centered, egotistical people. I initially enjoyed the story for the most part, but this ill treatment of the lead killed my overall enjoyment of the book.
Okay, for me this is a tough review to write.  I ultimately did like this book.  After an adjustment period I got used to the alternating narrators.  There were times when the story drags, but not too many.  I really enjoyed the fact that Rachel, Megan and Anna were very different women, however they do have a lot in common.  Their stories could fit into many of our lives.  I think as the days pass and I find myself still thinking about the story, I have realized that maybe I liked it more than I thought.
This book started out good, then turned into a Lifetime Movie...you know the one when the guy (boyfriend, husband, stalker...whatever the lead MALE is in the movie) is trying to kill the lead women in the kitchen while it is raining outside... Such a shame, I would have loved there to have been more about voyeuristic angle from the beginning of the book. SPOLIER ALERT!! I wish the lead character would have died at the end...would have made it at least an additional star rating for me if that had happened.
If you liked "Gone Girl" you will really enjoy this book. I was a little confused in the beginning but as I learned the rhythm of the story, I was intrigued. The female characters each have there own complicated story which slowly merges into a mystery you can't put down. An unusual setting takes you into a very close entwining of all of the characters. Just when you think you have figured out "who did what to whom", there is a new twist. A different kind of book ..... I really enjoyed it.
I really enjoyed this book - had a hard time putting it down.  I agree with other reviewers that ending was dissatisfying. I won't spoil anything (hate that about reviews) but will say that ending was just a little drawn out for my liking. I really hated the Anna character and could not fathom how any human could behave like she did at the end. However, the story really drew me in and the sad life of the main character was troubling but yet I'm sure there are people out there whose lives are very similar.
This novel was novel in its twists & turns.  I loved the point of view of the narrator who was untrustworthy because she is an alcoholic, and therefore people do not believe her.  Sometimes, she does not believe herself.  But at the end, the series of events strains suspension of disbelief a bit.  But by then, you are so caught up with the characters that you want to know anyway.  I loved the initial premise of the narrator making up imaginary lives for the people she glimpses from the train.  Good read.
I read somewhere, somebody compare this to Gone Girl! It is nothing like Gone Girl, but great in its own way, suspenseful , irritating, and shocking.<br/><br/>Im horrible at giving reviews because I dont like to give anything away to the reader , but I will say that The characters in this book are all crazy, all have many emotional issues. I will also say that the series of events in this book is ironic and full of karma.<br/><br/>If he cheated with you on her, he will cheat on you with someone else.
This book was a big disappointment to me.  I had trouble keeping track of which character was speaking.  The main plot seemed to tell about a girl who drank so much that she lost a bit more of herself with each day.  She may have witnessed a murder, and seemed compelled to solve it, which was futile because her memory was so impaired.  Sadly, I gave up after wading through about 60% of the book. (I know, the plot finally gets to the point, and I quit too soon!). Sorry to have wasted my time on this mess.
I read this book in one sitting, stopping only for refreshments and ablutions. I was engrossed from the minute I started, and found myself trying to guess who had done what to who. The idea seems so simple, you sit on a train every day, morning and night heading to and from work, you see the same houses at the same time, and at times the same people within them. Not knowing names, you begin to make up stories about them, and then one day, one day it all changes. You see something and everything changes.
It was okay.<br/>However, I won't go out of my way to recommend it.
needed to look back to remind myself which character I was reading--
Not quite as good as gone girl but the last 50 pages are gripping!!!
As always, an unreliable narrator appeals tremendously and our Rachel as the Girl on the Train is not only unreliable but heartbreakingly damaged as well.  The story unfolds with multiple points of view that rarely match up, which also adds complexity.  I found the characters authentically developed, and although no one comes off as someone with whom you'd like to have dinner, I still cared enough for them to turn the page every time.<br/><br/>As a suspense novel, this is anything but cookie cutter.
Alternating voices distract me as a general rule but this was a work of art from Paula Hawkins.  Her skill in keeping the reader engaged is unmatched.  Don't be fooled by those books that claim to be the next Girl on The Train.  They may be good in their own way but Paula Hawkins' voice is original and her story is well crafted.<br/><br/>If you don't mind losing a little sleep and if you want something fresh and new, but dark and suspenseful all at  once, The Girl on The Train will not let you down.
Reminiscent of Gone Girl, everything is not as it seems.  The story moves along as steadily as the train Rachel takes every day to and from the city.  The plot builds as Rachel views the residents of a row of houses she passes daily, creating imaginary lives of the people she watches. .  When a crime is committed, she finds herself mysteriously entangled in the investigation.  And, that is early on.  From there, these flawed characters reveal themselves fully. leading to a tense and satisfying ending.
It took me a little while to 'get into' the book but something about it kept pulling me back after I put it down.  I usually don't care much for stories that bounce back and forth between characters, but there's something about this one that kept me hooked.  I wanted to know more about the characters and where their stories were going.  I also found it a bit disturbing; perhaps because it shows the darkness that hides in all of us everyday people  but I would definitely recommend it to another reader.
I finished this book minutes ago and it was just okay. I am 31 years old... It took me 5 hours over 3 days to read it. The first third of the book is slow. The middle of the book is okay and the final third was a bit more entertaining. I am surprised this title became a bestseller. It might be a good read for a teenage girl in college. The vocabulary is simple and boring. I am an avid reader and I am not impressed. It was okay for a simple book if you are really bored or need to pass time on a flight.
In the tradition of Gone Girl, this book follows a female protagonist who is flawed and struggling with real life issues. I found this book slow in the beginning, but as I read on, I was hooked. I really enjoyed this book and I found the characters real, developed, and vivid.  Paula Hawkins had done a great job in creating an atmosphere that readers can relate to and believe.<br/>I always know a good book; I don't want it to end.  This was a great read and I look forward to a second novel by Hawkins.
Three women telling their stories, of which one is the main character Rachel. All three are interesting characters. Two of them are quite damaged. I didn't really connect with them as a reader but their stories nonetheless kept me involved. I must say I was surprised that I liked the book as much as I did. I cannot really say why here without giving away the ending. But I never got bored or wanted to move ahead in the book. Reading these women's stories and what they are thinking was rather absorbing.
This was a book that kept my interest from the beginning.  I would not compare it to Gone Girl, as others have.  Unlike Gone Girl, I actually liked a couple of these characters...thinking there was some good in them.  There were flawed characters, which was great, but not everyone was completely awful.<br/><br/>Overall, the story was interesting and had some nice twists and turns.  I had figured out the guilty rather early, but I had not figured out all the ins and outs.<br/><br/>Would recommend!
I feel this book was hyped up by the media more than it deserved. It was a good summer read, but not anything that I would tell people that they had to read.  The characters were developed well, but the main character (Rachel) was actually becoming annoying to me. I felt that she wanted to play the victim and after a while I wanted to say just pull your big girl panties on and deal with it. I'm not disappointed that I read it I just would not say it was worth all the stars that it has been receiving.
I wish there were more books like this. Not only was the main character someone I could relate to in life events, but there were unexpected twists. I tried to figure out the entire book who committed the crime and kept trying to tie the clothing near the tracks to the crime! I loved this book so much I had to stop myself from reading it in one sitting, because it's too few and far between I find a book like this. I recommend it to anyone who likes suspense. By the way... it is NOTHING like Gone Girl.
Just not all it's hyped up to be!!!  Was a fast read and entertaining, but the ending was rushed.  I felt the dots could have been connected a little quicker along the way .... too much of the same same same in the storytelling.  Then BOOM ... the ending.  Over.  No explanation of what happened to several of the characters.  I felt like the author was leaving questions unanswered to leave room for a sequel, but I'm not interested in a sequel of this one.  It's a fun, quick summer read, but overrated.
I found myself reaching for my kindle every time I had a few minutes to kill, reading this book whenever I had a chance. I couldn't help but like the main character, Rachel, who was always full of good intention, and meant to do the right thing. However, at the same time, she's someone that I would avoid in real life, since she was clearly one "messed up" individual. The story was well written, giving the 3 female characters' perspective throughout the plot's twists and turns. Very enjoyable!
This is a very well written book.  The author has a visceral style of writing that is quite gripping, appropriate for what turns out to be a murder mystery.  My problem with it is the unlikable characters!  None of the people seem fully realized.  They are all rather shallow and self centered.  I also got the impression that this author definitely doesn't like men in general.  I wouldn't want to give the story away and it is a good story, but the male characters are all rather thugish in a slick way.
I would have given this five stars except for the similar first person characters, so much alike that I couldn't tell them apart. The plot MOVES. No doubt about it. I literally couldn't put the book down, and it takes A LOT for me as a novelist and book editor to lose myself to that extent in a story. But I found the voices of the characters so similar, I often had to thumb back to the beginning of the sections to see which character's "head" I was in. But all in all, this was a dynamic read.
The plot of the book is interesting and so are the characters. I didn't want to put it down. What I liked best, though, is that I learned more about alcoholism and about the impact of extreme inebriation on the individual.  The main character in the book learns in a way that is integral to the storyline that, when a person is extremely drunk, the person does not form memories and therefore cannot later recall what happened. It's not the same old plot line I've read many times before, so I enjoyed it.
The story begins when you meet Rachel (the girl on the train). She rides the train to an imaginary job everyday so that no one knows she has been fired. Since her divorce, she has begun drinking to the point that it clouds her memories and controls her thoughts. What is real and what is not?  As the plot develops through the eyes of the main characters, you learn that a murder has been committed. Only in the end will you discover the truth about Rachel, her memories, and the real killer. A good read!
This was a good read.  It kept me interested all through it.  I do think it was a little contrived, but I guess a mystery novel is somewhat contrived.  I will say I knew what was going to happen when the book took a certain turn that I can't give away here, but I think many will agree with me.  I would recommend it as a good read if you just want to spend a day or 2 under house arrest (you don't want to go anywhere).  I believe it needs 3 and a half stars, but I don't know how to draw in half a star.
Don't be fooled by the amazing cover reviews comparing this to Gone Girl.<br/>This book is EXTREMELY slow paced, at least 60% of the story was completely unnecessary, the book starts to be entertaining around 80% with a plot twist.<br/>The ending is kinda good but compared to all the rest is not worth to me. It seemed that the book was endless and the story wouldn't have a conclusion, I started to get worried when I saw on my Kindle that I was at 85% of the book and still no reveals or conclusion.
Seemed disorganized.  I was well into the book before I was able to connect the characters to each other and to see how their individual stories were separate, then intertwined.  The conclusion was swift and in just a few pages wrapped up everything in a satisfactory way. Reading about Rachel was very disturbing and having her roommate forgive and help in such forgiving and self-sacrificing  way seemed unrealistic.  All the female characters were severely flawed.  The men seemed to be untrustworthy.
Flawed characters with all sorts of intertwining complications  set in a London suburb. The main character is pitiable at times but shows remarkable steadfastness in solving a personal mystery. Some really clever unexpected twists made this book the center of my attention for awhile. Recommended for anyone who loves a good mystery which has just enough characters to keep it interesting without the need to keep track of obscure characters that pop in and out of the plot line sporadically. Great read!
I enjoyed the intrigue of looking into the lives of the couples from the girl on the train as at first she seemed just an objective observer going to and from work while riding the train as any commuter does on a daily basis. Then the intrigue grows into great suspense as the girl on the train not only is revealed as a former family member of one of those couples, but the reader becomes the sleuth trying to solve the mystery. I had to force myself to turn the light off, stop reading, and go to bed.
After reading the plot synopsis, I was excited at first to read The Girl on the Train. Once I started though, it seemed as if I read the same descriptions and the same dialogue over and over again. I get that it's called what it is and the protagonist does spend an inordinate amount of time not only on the train, but also rehashing, in an interior monologue, situations that she has experienced time and time and time again. I finished it but the ending was not only predictable but a disappointment.
Enjoyed Girl on the Train so much.  It seemed to build up slowly with each chapter being from the point of view of a different character but it was cleverly done and I found myself wanting to get back to the book as often as possible.  It was difficult to decide who were the good people and who the bad which made it more intriguing, especially the main character (the girl on the train) who was so often drunk that she didn't know whether she was bad or good. Well done. Would recommend this reading.
Turns and twists that keeps you ......<br/> to the edge of your seat....only to read more and more.  Like a train ride it starts slow and builds and builds and then..... hold your breath it comes over you like a wave and sinks you down and finally you come up for air and open your eyes and there is the killer; staring right at you with those eyes and your breath comes in gasps and then you sit up and look around you and OMG!  you must come back to reality!  Wow what a book, Wow what a read, Wow!!
Since cellular phones and computers (and keeping tabs on others by hacking their computers and reading e-mails, texts, and browser history) are essentials for the three first-person narrators and all the other characters we meet, it defies reason that several did not perform background checks before entering into marriages and other serious relationships.<br/>No question that it's a page-turner, but there was no character, not even the main narrator, Rachel, whom I found particularly sympathetic.
I read the entirety of the book even though I could not connect with the main character. She was not a very likeable person, and if she hadn't been so nosey she would have saved herself a lot of trouble.  It did have some twists and turns and I didn't really expect the bad guy to be who he was. The writing of the book was good, I enjoyed the authors  ability to keep me guessing about what will happen next. Since this book is so hot right now and everyone else is reading it you should go ahead too.
I wasn't enthralled by this book and I wanted to be. I had a really difficult time getting into it. There were details that kept coming up that weren't even needed for the storyline. At first, I couldn't put my finger on why this book bothered me. Then it hit me....every single female character was weak and I just couldn't like them.<br/>I think this book had potential, but just wasn't developed that well.<br/>That said, however, the twists and turns of the story were very riveting. I certainly could not have predicted the end.
I read this five star book in one sitting until 3:00 a.m. one morning.  I could not put it down!  It's full of suspense, and the characters are all so human that it was hard to predict who committed the murder of a young pregnant woman.  And to think it all started when an unemployed woman riding the train to and from London every day pretending she was going to work witnessed suspicious behavior among characters she saw from her train window. Well written book and definitely an attention grabber!
Fast paced (thank goodness), but very depressing from beginning to end.  The characters were all weak and pathetic beings.  The only person with any redeeming characteristics was the roommate who took the main character in out of pity. The only reason I finished reading the whole book was hopes for a happy, revengeful ending....but no!  Because it was fast paced, you can skim most of the book once you get into the plot.  Would not recommend this book unless you like dark, psychological mysteries.
I hated this book a lot less than I thought I would. I read it for a book club, and thrillers are not generally my genre of choice. During the first couple of chapters, I thought I wouldn't be able to finish it because the protagonist was so whiny and annoying. While she remained somewhat of an unsympathetic character throughout and I don't know that I found the ending entirely plausible, the plot was compelling and the writing was strong throughout. It was a good quick read - a true page-turner.
I found the heroine, well she's not that,I should say the protagonist hard to love at first but the story drew you in and I was on edge waiting to see what she would do and what would happen next. So if you should be skeptical reading the first couple of chapters trust me you'll get drawn into this  "nothing is really as it seems" mystery story. I'm not going to drop any more "spoilers", I may have said too much already, but bottom line, I thought it was definitely worth the read.
This story's characters are real. I normally don't like these sorts of stories because they are sad. Only bad things happen. However, this was not too graphic. The Audible version of this novel is top notch. And I just want to say, not even half way through the story, I figured it out who I thought the bad guy was and I was correct. The writing style is expertly crafted so that it keeps you guessing until the very end.
This is a great thriller. I took it on vacation with me and hardly spoke until I was finished. Ha ha, you know how it is.  A lot has already been written about the book because it's that good. For me, the drinking problems of one of the characters is so well written, I can visualize what addiction must be like. I've never read anything like this; what the character thinks, does, and consequences on a daily basis. It is relentless. I am astonished at this author's writing. I couldn't put it down.
One of the weirdest mysteries I have ever read, and one of the best. Told from the perspectives of 3 women, this story weaves and warps as it goes along with a surprise around the turn and then another surprise. Very visual. And sometimes you may think you are losing your mind. I think the author intends these thoughts on the part of the reader. Shape shifting, "now wait a minute" moments, ''did I miss something?" thoughts and then it comes together into an amazing whole. I loved it!
Enjoyed reading it but at times became wordy and seemingly endless.
I couldn't find a single character to like...makes for a long book!
Gripping but depressing.  Wish I hadn't wasted the time to read it.
tried so many times to read this book, just couldnt make it happen.
this was one of few listed best seller books I would not recommend,
Great, fast-paced book!  Lots of surprises in the turn of the plot.
Okay story. Fairly predictable, drags a bit but a fun read overall.
An overhyped boring not so interesting story. I would not recommend
started out thinking it might be another Gone Girl, not even close!
Writing from the omnipresent point of view is always dicey with authors.  Sometimes there is so much clutter that it is difficult to separate each character.  This book started out a bit cluttered; however, with each chapter labeled by the character speaking, it didn't take too long to listen to each voice.  I wasn't prepared for the ending, though.  Rather gory and unexpected, but a great way to finish.  I found myself looking forward to "my time" so I could finish a few more chapters.
I kept hearing about this book and was really looking forward to reading it.  I've not yet finished it as I've found it very hard to follow the story line, flips back and forth between present and past, and I have to keep going back to put the pieces together.  I think that, unfortunately, I am just reading it too late each evening and too tired to concentrate so I'm planning to start over when I go on vacation and can dedicate more rested reading time to it.  I'll update my opinion after that.
I really wanted to like this book. I had stopped reading Gone Girl after about 50 pages and should have quit this one sooner, but I did read the entire book of whining, jealous, drunken people who were not in the least likable It's told from the perspectives of Mehan, Rachel, and Anna. Who all three are way out there and probably should all be in therapy now. It was just a dark and ugly book of infidelity, bad behavior and the characters were not any where close to me being sympathetic to them.
Excellent novel. I haven't read fiction in some years, but this was a good book to get back in the swing of things. I found myself intrigued by every detail of every character, consistently trying to piece this mystery together. I was left completely satisfied from beginning to end. As I read the book, I couldnt help but think of Gone Girl (the movie) and then I find out this will become a movie, leaves me excited to see what Hollywood does with it!. Good read, not too short, and not too long.
In my opinion this book takes to long to actually start the action. Or the parts that keep you guessing. Apart from that this book is good. The book is full of things that could happen in real life and make you think what you would do in that situation. I liked it because at first you think it's one person but then you think it's another and so on. The ending surprised me a bit. I don't think I was expecting that. Over all this book is a great read and will keep you guessing till the very end.
I really enjoyed this novel! a real thriller that moved along quickly and kept me engaged and guessing. I found the alternating first person narratives to be a compelling narrative tool. Like I was reading the personal journal of the characters, privy to their indulgences, failings, insecurities, inner-most thoughts that people probably wouldn't share with others, except perhaps with a therapist. The writing is simple and straightforward, like a journal. very good story-telling and a fun read.
This book was really disappointing. After I read it, and I did finish it hoping that there would be some exciting twist or redeeming revelation, I felt like I had watched a subpar movie on Lifetime. The constant droning of the main character grew tiresome, the plot never really took off, and the ending was somewhat predictable. I will not recommend it to my friends and am surprised it has gotten so many high reviews.
I liked it a lot, but it was not great. I do recommend it. A few red herrings, especially the red headed guy she ran into a few times. About 1/2 way in, I figured out who the murderer was. About 2/3 of the way I was convinced I was correct, which I was, and read it to completion with that solution in mind. Took a little too long to tell the story, but I liked the way she resolved various situations such as the psychiatrist's kiss as seen from the train. Done right, it would make a good movie.
I didn't expect to like this book as much as I did.  I'm a stickler for well drawn out characters, authentic dialogue and believable plots.  When I started this book it hooked me right from the get-go, which I love, and had me counting the hours until I could sit down and read some more.  I thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to end.  Not a terribly involved and twisted plot line, but I love the unreliable narrator aspect of it, and this author clearly knows how to use that and make it work.
This book is good, but not great.  I don't have much to add to what has already been written.<br/>After reading reviews, I expected more. While it was certainly a page-turner, it was also predictable.  I don't find the comparisons to Gone Girl to be accurate. I greatly enjoyed Gone Girl, but this book didn't quite meet expectations.<br/>I purchased the book, and wish I had borrowed from my library.<br/>I will read subsequent novels from Hawkins, however, as I think she will hit her stride.
I had been looking forward to reading this book and when it finally came available I couldn't put it down. We all see snatches of other people's lives and make up stories about them, don't we? So does Rachel, but she knows part of this story - she just doesn't realize it. Her life is a mess, so she vicariously lives through others. But somehow the fantasy gets too close and she really is involved. This was a good change from the usual. But be warned: everyone does NOT live happily ever after.
The rating of 3 stars for this book -- the beginning was very slow and a confusing until the author advanced the plot and defined the characters.  I found it somewhat predictable.  The train was a main character -- playing such a dominant role. Would there be a story without it? Some people read on the train, but Rachel let her mind wander and her imagination got her in trouble.<br/>Rachel was a perfect example of an alcoholic desperately needing help -- No one was truly happy in this story.
I loved this book. It was a page turner, and even though I figured out the killer somewhat early, it was exciting and interesting to read all the way through. I read reviews from people who didn't like it because they found the characters so distasteful. I certainly wouldn't surround myself with these people, but I had no problem reading about them. I thought they were realistic and well fleshed out (although most of them were seriously damaged people). Would love to read more by this author.
I won't give away the plot. Very easy read and next to impossible to put down! The characters, especially female, are reasonably developed and complex. The plot will keep you guessing. The writing isn't fussy. If you haven't read for a while and wanted a good "starter" book like I did, this is a wonderful choice. The equivalent of going to a summer blockbuster, it probably won't leave you asking deep questions, but not everything has to. It does what it does brilliantly. Recommended!
I read this book in less than 24hours, I'm a very fast reader. At first I thought it was just a simple story of a girl on the train but suddendly everything changes. The suspense just grows on and on, I couldn't stop flipping those pages as fast as I could. I had to know WHY, HOW, WHEN and of course, WHO? I didn't find the book predictable, it surprised me. I had my thoughts at first and doubts but at the end, it just got me. Amazing book one of the best I've read, I would totally recommend.
This story is told in first person by three different women and Ms. Hawkins does a great job of making each one interesting and distinctly different from the others.  The story is well crafted but somewhat grim and the ending is a little too tidy, especially for Rachel - the titular Girl on a Train.  I thoroughly enjoyed the book and recommend it as a good summer beach read.  I probably won't remember I read it in 10 years - but not every book needs to be mind altering literature.
Definitely a page turner. This book kept me on the edge of my seat.  What surprises me the most was although I pretty much hated all of the characters in the book, I genuinely enjoyed reading it nonetheless. I really couldn't find any redeeming qualities in anyone until the end. I will definitely read another one of Ms. Hawkins books again. I am anxiously awaiting a film based on this book. If there are no plans currently in the works for this project, then there definitely needs to be some.
Although it did get a bit old try to remember through an alcoholics memory. I guessed the killer long before Rachel pieced it together. Her unraveling of the story was slow and tedious at times. I'm not quite sure I would compare this book with Gone Girl as that story blew me away with the shear attention to detail. But this story was griping in its own right. I do have to say that I hated Anna but found the ending very satisfying. It was a quick read and I would recommend it for what it is.
My friends raved about this book and I couldn't wait to read it. I think their accolades were overly enthusiastic. The three main characters were so whiney. Each one wallowed in self-pity. I enjoy reading mysteries and I like authors who can build the suspense until the last few days. This book held no surprises and I was able to figure out the villain before the book was half over.  Most readers will not agree with my assessment of Hawkins book but I doubt I will read another of her novels.
Wow!  This is certainly a page turner, worthy of all the enthusiastic reviews Paula Hawkins is garnering for her novel. The story is narrated by three female characters which may be confusing for some readers, including me at first.  However, because the story is so twisting and intriguing I quickly found myself moving  seamlessly  back and forth among its characters.  I will not drop any clues.  It is too much fun to discover them, think you have solved it, only to find another possibility!
I downloaded this book this morning after hearing about the plot last night. I JUST finished, and I was ready to give it a four star rating because the men in the book get a really bad rap. Then I thought about Detective Gaskill, Andy, and others and changed my rating to a five. As a reader of this review, you need to know that this is a well-written, suspenseful, psychological thriller that will leave you loving every one of the characters as much as you want to hate their behavior. ENJOY!
I'm an avid reader, but rarely read fiction. I recently joined a book club and this was the first month's book. I have to admit when I first started reading I thought, "This is written like a diary? This is going to be a very long 300+ pages..." I couldn't have been more wrong. I read this book in a day. I just couldn't put it down. It drew me in and I just needed to know what had happened and what was going to happen next. Anyone who likes a mystery/thriller should enjoy this book!
I love unreliable narrators. This one being an alcoholic adds that extra layer of the narrator not knowing herself how reliable she is, and when she lies to herself, you can see through it. On the downside, I felt like the big reveal was pretty obvious if you were paying attention and I prefer to be surprised. Also, there are two narrators and their voices were not distinctive enough from each other, so sometimes I forgot who was talking. I really wouldn't compare this to Gone Girl at all.
The first third of the book was odd and I wasn't sure I liked the book, wondering why it is a best seller.  As the plot developed there appeared to be six possible killers.  The book was written in the voice of three women; the drunken ex-wife, the new wife, and the slain  cheating woman with lots of baggage. Most of the book is written in the voice of the drunken ex-wife.  By the last third of the book, I couldn't put it down.  Paula Hawkins, the author, crafted a wonderful "who done it".
This was fantastic though it shouldn't have been compared to Gone Girl. It doesn't need that. I love books with an unreliable narrator, and Rachel Watson, an alcoholic and liar is perfect. She is so self-destructive but somehow likeable. She means well and wants to help when she thinks she has information about a crime. No one believes her, of course. There are lots of twists and turns though I guessed the big reveal beforehand. It's a great book, just don't expect it to be like any other.
Reading this book was like getting a gift that you were not expecting.  I read the summary and was hooked.  I found myself unable to stop thinking of the next opportunity I would have to read!!  I don't like to summarize the story or provide spoilers in my reviews.  If you love a well written mystery with fully developed characters and twists and turns you can't predict (and I consider myself very good at predicting plot twists) THIS BOOK IS FOR YOU!  Just make sure to clear your schedule!
No doubt this compelling novel is better than 90 percent of published novels, and very worthy of 5 stars. It's not often a narrative can carry the reader like this stylized gem. If nitpicking, I'd say Hawkins' could have quickened the pace with some editing in the final chapters, and, to my mind, the very end of the book strayed from its noir heart, to the overall detriment of the work—I wonder if her editors had any influence there. But overall this is an excellent novel by any standard.
I felt that the combination of weddings were very interesting.  The "man and wife" changes created many different "scenes" in the  book.  I wrote them down, so that I could keep track of them while I was reading:<br/>Tom & Rachael,  Anna & Tom,<br/>Mac & Megan<br/>Scott & Rachael<br/>  And the ending, for me WAS UNEXPECTED!  Our monthly Book Club discussion was today, and this was the book we discussed... AND the discussion was really interesting and GREAT!  Geri Rodin
I know many people enjoyed this.  However, I read a ton...like 2 books a week.  And having experienced so many wonderful stories - this one falls short.  The main character is boring and whines about everything (think Goldfinch guy boring) - life is "all too much" sort of saga.  If you're into folks struggling to overcome an issue - maybe this is for you.  I felt that after I read it; I'd learned nothing and had wasted my time.  No offense to the author - just not my type of book.
It was OK...really not understanding what all the fuss is about.<br/>Upon conclusion of the book I just frowned and not in a good way.<br/>Everything that happens felt too convenient too me.  I did not think this was a twisty ending, but as someone else said, I felt cheated in a way because it is forced and comes out of nowhere.<br/>And the main character's actions at certain times are laughable and very contradictory.  I read a lot and love mysteries but this was not anything special.
I found Rachel's character to be incredibly sad and strangely relatable. Throughout the story she acts on urges that most people would just let float away.The book starts off a little slow. I picked it up and down for a few weeks before i got to the meat of it, but, once i did I couldn't put it down. It is a new favorite in a developing collection of what I like to call the "girly thriller" genre. Overall a win and a good replacement for the Gone Girl sized hole on my night stand.
This is a great book to jumpstart discussion.  It moves quickly slowly revealing clues, most of which come from nuances gleaned about the characters.  The dialogue is mostly internal written almost like diary entries.  Seemingly different personality types begin to reveal very similar patterns almost like tracks running parallel to one another.  The train provides a vantage point for assumptions which prove that we all "see" what we choose to and fail to see the reality before us.
I had a really hard time with this book. The switch between the characters at difficult time lines was my problem. I ended up making notes on what character was doing what and at what time. When I finally finished the book I decided it was not worth the read. Maybe if I read it again I'd like it better, but I can't get the original reading hours back and don't want to invest any more. Maybe the ladies liked it better. It has great ratings so a lot of people obviously like it, just not me.
This book has been praised as the next Gone Girl. A thriller so unique that made us both intrigued and uncomfortable. The Girl on the Train, is a great read. However it doesn't come close to Ms. Flynn's masterpiece. This is a well written and smartly plotted story that deserves to be praised for its cinematic views, intricate characters and beautiful prose by Ms. Hawkins. Let's see what she comes up next. I can't wait, I just hope that comparisons won't allow her work to stand on its own.
Did not like the book but was packaged with care. Overrated novel!
Terrible attempt at a "thriller"/ "mystery" novel.
Genuinely interesting ideas and story. Good character development.
Lots of surprises, I just prefer a little more happiness in a book
I felt like the author wrote it just to have it made into a movie.
This was one I just couldn't stop reading. The author had me from page one and what a train ride it was.  I really didn't see the end coming until the train had already arrived at the station. One of the first books I've read where different characters are all written in the first person so be careful to note the person's name at the beginning of each chapter. This was really a treat and the Hitchcock relations certainly prove true. Great book. Can't wait to read another by this author..
I loved this book -- it was a real page-turner. I was curious about why some readers rated this book less than four stars, and I saw a theme in the reviews on this site: they didn't "like" one or more of the main characters. Doesn't make any sense to me; some of the best novels have highly unlikable characters. Anyway, I really enjoyed this book and recommend it. I heard that the film rights have been sold; I can see Keira Knightley as Megan but can't picture the other roles yet.
The comparisons to Gillian Flynn's style are spot on, though Hawkins tries to up the ante by using three unreliable narrators and planting obvious seeds of doubt in just about every character, major and supporting. The book is well-written, but where Hawkins falls short is in making Rachel or any of the main characters likeable - or even relatable. It's hard to to remain riveted by a mystery in which the protagonist is so weak, that you just don't really care what happens to her at all.
After reading many suspense novels by Daniel Silva, David Baldacci, and James Anderson I found this one to be a real gem.  Being written by a woman, I think, made it more interesting.  And, I think I gained some insight into women in general by reading it, and comparing it to the male's novels.  The males then to be very descriptive of settings.  Not so much Ms. Hawkins.  Her focus is mostly on feelings.  And, I found it refreshing, and highly entertaining.  I highly recommend this one.
I hated these weak women initially and was not engaged at first...but of course that changed. It did become compelling and the author was very good at pointing the blame at different people.  The premise is a little hard to swallow( all these on the same road...) however, I can do that....often you have to , to enjoy a good read. It has certainly caught the attention of  a huge audience of readers! I thought she did a good job of character development . Hope it's not a one shot thing!!!
I'm an avid reader and there are many good books I've read in the last 12 months and many NOT so good. This particular book was well recommended by a friend. Truth be told, I was not loving it at the start. It felt depressive and sad and not necessarily going in a positive direction. I almost stopped reading. I was mistaken........!  The book lights up with intrigue half way through and you crave to continue to read. A quote, unquote "page turner". Don't miss it. Well done Paula !!
Other reviews call this book a modern-day 'Hitchcockian' mystery.  I'd say it was a daunting, dark and depressing  psychological thriller.  The chapters rotated between characters who were all so flawed.  Chronologically, at times, it was confusing. An interesting storyline...maybe.  Was it impelling...yes!  This book gained a lot of hype.  Is it worthy of weeks on the best sellers list?  No, not so much.
not worth the paper it's written on .......a nothing nowhere book
A horrible book. I don't know why it is on the best sellers list.
slow read; seems like a woman's book. Would not recommend for men
It was shallow and predictable - didn't care for the book at all.
It took a lot to get into this book. I got it on my Kindle, but had to gt the actual book from a friend in order to read it with the constant flipping between characters. I could not keep track of who said/observed what. It got good in the end of the book, but I found it a struggle to read. The funny thing is I picked this book for our book club. The discussion was better than I thought it would be but I cannot say I am a fan of this book. To compare it to Gone Girl is so far off.
Great characters, somewhat predictable outcome. The change from unreliable to reliable historian could have been explored in depth. The frank exploration of alchoholic blackouts was left a little too open for me. You don't just "get better," and remember. The lies that go along with being an alchoholic are what you can change, I don't think your memories come back, nor does you're guilt go away. Spoiler!  Nice if the person you've hurt turns out to be the bad guy, however.
I was on a long a waiting list to get this book from the library since it was obviously a very popular book.  I didn't even know what it was about, but was surprised when I read it to find it so dark and disturbing.  There weren't any characters that I liked, so there wasn't really anyone I was routing for.  However, in spite of it being a story of violence, lies, and substance abuse, it was a well told story and there is some sense of redemption or at least resolution at the end.
I really enjoyed this book. It was engaging from the beginning , weaving the characters and their stories together. I feel that the pace picked up towards the  middle of the book, and it was very difficult for me to put down. I liked the suspense, the ending wasn't predictable to me, and I really appreciated to fact that it had a definite ending, rather than leaving the reader hanging.<br/>I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes a good, sometimes twisted story line.
My problem with this novel was that all of the characters are really messed up. Either by addictions, abuse, infidelity, broken marriages, unemployment etc. etc which dominate every step of the tedious journey toward knowing which one ultimately is the most messed up of all. I liked the structure of the book which is quite clever in its individual presentations of events as experienced by each of the characters.This was probably w<br/>maintained my interest toward the end.<br/>.
I could not put this book down once I started it. The characters were well developed and each a story unto themselves . The only reason I gave it a four not a five was because it was a bit hard to follow as the chapters changed. Not knowing the characters well enough at first, and so many women, I couldn't keep all the women sorted by name, in my mind. Finally got the hang of it. I even thought, at one point the author was purposely making Rachel appear to have  split personality.
I almost gave up on this book several times.  Especially on the Kindle, it was hard to keep up with which character was speaking.  There were many twists and turns, too many for me.  The content was a combination of introspective thoughts and conversations;  for me always having to check who was speaking.  It might have been better (for me) if I had purchased the paper version.  I read at night, often not for long, depending on what I'm reading! This was just not my kind of book!
While this was no "Gone Girl," the book was very entertaining. The twist became somewhat predictable towards the middle of the book, but you still had the "who done it" vibe going on because you were not quite sure. I do like the way the main character, Rachel, is developed through the story. We don't often have black-out drunk, unreliable narrators, which was a nice change of pace. I wasn't sure to believe what she was saying as much as she was unsure of herself.
I have heard many comparisons to Gone Girl. I have to say that I disagree. I do not mean that as a put down at all, I loved reading Gone Girl, loved this book as well, but I find them to be two different styles of writing. It is a greatly written story, filled with twists and unexpected discoveries. I enjoyed reading it very much, and will most certainly read from this author again. If you are looking for something differently twisted and entertaining, read The Girl On The Train.
It was difficult to keep reading while Rachel --the main story teller--spirals downward making horrible, out of control decisions.  The author does an excellent job of not letting the story unfold too quickly and keeps you interested in spite of all the messy encounters the characters share.  Things did not unfold as I would have guessed.  This was a great read and will probably end up as a great movie.
I absolutely loved this book.  It was a real page turner!  I had all sorts of emotions from both liking and hating Rachel, then feeling sorry for her and back to hating her again for her weakness.  At the end I was totally relating to her and pulling for her to have a good future.  In fact, I still think of her almost as if she was a real person that I know and I find myself hoping that she is happy and doing well.  Now, I call that a good book.<br/><br/>Barbara Miller Whitton
I've spent three summer days straight following this story, and I Typically have trouble getting into a book. This book had me guessing around every "chapter" if you will. I did enjoy the layout of perspective and the way in which each chapter is dated leading up to the resolve of this mystery. This book, without a doubt, makes you feel the part of the dark and dismal life that Rachel was left with post-divorce, and that implied feeling really sums up the conclusion. Great read!
This is an absorbing mystery with some interesting twists, and I definitely recommend it.  However, I only give this 4 stars because while the main character is well developed, I would have liked to know a little more about the original motivations of the other two women in the book.  There is also no explanation for why the killer has become a sociopath.  Perhaps its not important to understand the killer, but I wanted this information. Still all in all, it is a very good read.
This is a story of a young woman's fight with alcohol and the means she uses to escape her demons. The story made me feel as thogh I was living her fears and sharing her vivid imagination. The tale become a tangled web of deception and lies but through it all our heroine finds redemption and resolves to start life anew in a different place<br/>I enjoyed the writing, the story, and the different approach to solving an addiction and a need to feel worthy again<br/>Good story.. .
This book kept me guessing.  It was definitely a page turner!  Just when I thought I had things figured out, and who did what, the author gave me a new surprise.  Thought the author had a keen imagination to write a story about someone who witnesses life vicariously from a train window.  The fact that the protagonist was an alcoholic was sad, but the author explained the reasoning behind it.  She left me with the hope that she would recover from her disease and lead a good life.
I have read reviews comparing this story to Gone Girl, but I don't agree with that perspective.  It's an interesting read, but I found my prediction of "who-dunnit" to be correct, and that was just around the middle of the book.  The characters were difficult to like...which I suppose could be the comparison to Gone Girl.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book enough to finish it quickly, as it is a page turner.  I gave it 4 stars simply for that reason.  It moves pretty quickly.
I was not crazy about this book.  I did read it to the end just because I wanted to know how things would turn out.  Rachel was kind of strange in my opinion.  She could not accept her breakup and made up things about a couple she saw from the train window and then interfered with them after a tragedy.  She definitely had a drinking problem.  This is not the kind of book that I enjoy reading, but it was chosen by a book club I belong to.  We have not met to discuss the book yet.
A really good, first-time book by Author Hawkins. The story is told from three different perspectives, with the primary voice belonging to Rachel. Rachel struggles with alcohol addiction and suffers from her broken marriage and her inability to conceive while married. Her infertility led her to increased drinking and periods of blackouts, learning afterwards from her husband of atrocious behavior while she was inebriated. The mystery in the story is spell-binding and intriguing.
When I started reading, I thought it was going to be a draggy, dreary British-y story that I wouldn't relate to at all.  However, I soon became engaged in the story, and then I began trying to figure out what it was that was eluding the main character - how she sustained her head injury, her "blackouts" , etc.  It was an entertaining story that kept me picking up my reader at every opportunity.
Interesting story but a number of elements seemed highly unlikely.  From the beginning, the characters were presented as highly dysfunctional. I suppose that was supposed to add to the mystery of identifying the person responsible for Jess' disappearance. As a reader, I felt that they all needed intense therapy. It was a very creative and clever plot that could have evolved more realistically. I would recommend you read it as many people have not been as bothered by psychology.
Rachel's decisions during her sober times, are atrocious at best.  She makes a string of bad decisions, and after two years is still very hung up on her ex, who is an equally terrible person.  Not one of the characters, except the roommate, Cathy, are remotely likable.  Each one is about the worst version of a person.  Ok, characters aside, the writing is very good.  The author keeps you interested and the story flows nicely.  It kept me interested, even if I did hate them all.
Terrific thriller! The story is told from three different points of view, but it is never confusing.  If you want a tale of love, betrayal, murder and regret  with constantly building suspense, this is it.  This book about the intertwined lives of suburban Londoners is not predictable, though it keeps you trying to guess at lots of aspects .The primary narrator is an alcoholic, so you are always on uncertain  ground with her  memories. Near the end, I could not put  the book down!
I started this book twice. The first time I just could not get into it. The main character was so depressing. But I tried again and eventually the story got better and better. The characters became much more involved and there were some comical moments that made me laugh. Anyway, I did really enjoy the book and was intrigued with the plot and characters. I had to finish. Really good first novel for the author. I gave it a four star because the beginning was difficult and slow.
It is difficult not to feel sympathy for the central character, Rachel, who is a wronged wife, an infertile woman, whose ultimate torment is to witness Anna, her former husband Tom's lover, pregnant, as is clear every time Rachel passes the house visible from her train commute, as she sees Anna happily tending her roses at the end of the garden.<br/><br/>You cannot help but feel the pain of Rachel when the combination of lost love and alcoholism is carried by this storyline.
Well written! While there was nothing to be learned from this violent tale, it moved along and kept my interest. Kudos to the author. Much like 'Gone Girl', it will sell and fill a movie theater. An ode to alcoholism, reminiscent of the movie, 'the days of wine ' Roses', heartbreaking, sad, yet not altogether without hope. A human drama depicting  5 selfish, immature and utterly shallow young people.
I picked this book for my book club this month.  I had a hard time getting through the first half of it and had it not been my book, I probably would have given up on it.  However, it did get better and I think was interesting in the last third of it.  The reasons listed in other reviews are similar to mine in the character development and early on, a difficulty in switching between characters.  I can't say I wouldn't recommend it but I'd warn about the things I've mentioned.
This was the best book I have read in a while.  It kept me guessing until the end and I couldn't put it down. The writing is sharp, as are the author's descriptions of the characters and places. I liked this better than Gone Girl and I don't think I would agree that it's similar to Gillian Flynn's books. I was hoping this author had other novels out there, I will just have to wait for her to write another one. I think anyone who likes thrillers will very much enjoy this book.
the pretense of this book being much like 'gone girl' and set against the backdrop of trains immediately caught my interest. Some parts of the story are perhaps a little far fetched and some may say predictable, but this book did not disappoint me. I felt Rachel was relatable with her poor choices and forgotten memories from excessive drinking, many of us readers have been there in the dark chapters of our lives. I will  definitely keep up with any other books by this author.
The "payoff" ending was rather lame.  The writing was good, but as a male, it was excruciating being inside the minds of 3 three women that were extremely uninteresting, needy and weak.  It took me a while to guess the ending, as this author keeps it pretty well hidden.  But the ending was about as exciting and clever as a Lifetime movie.  I'm surprised at all the glowing reviews, but what do you expect from a society that thinks The Big Bang Theory is gut splitting.
I had never before read a novel in which a character awakened from a black out drunk unable to account for what had happened the night before and *then* discovered she had apparently been on the scene when someone else, a woman she knows only vaguely, disappeared. Had she been, or is it a confused memory? Does she know what happened, or who did what? Why does she have a head wound? Who was that red headed guy?  It gets more confusing before things clear up.  I was engrossed.
Couldn't wait to finish the book.  And a twist at the end, just what I like.  Will watch the movie when it comes out and I hear that Emily Blunt is going to Rachel.  Not sure how that will work-I would l think she w/be a Megan.  But she is a good actress and will have to eat more for sure.  Interesting to glimpse into the mind of an alcoholic trying to cope w/a failed marriage.  She likes to torture herself though and does not make good decisions about just about everything.
This novel is written in first-person of three women, which provides the tension and perspective. The premise is engaging, and I was most intrigued by the insight it offers into the struggles of addiction. I have experienced the same cycling and thought patterns that the narrators are subjected to. The author either has been there herself, or is intimately acquainted with such persons.<br/><br/>Though the story drags a bit occasionally, it will keep you reading to the end.
I am still amazed at how many readers liked this book. I began listening to it and found it extremely depressing and boring. I would have returned<br/>it to the library but was more curious to see what all the hoopla was about. when I finished it, I was relieved. When I returned it to the library, the librarian admitted he discouraged his book club from reading it as he thought it was not worth discussing. After having just listened to The<br/>Nightingale, I expected more.
Did  not  like  it  made  no  sense  read  about  half  of  it .
A fast, easy read.  Several characters (including Rachel and Anna) as unlikeable as the main characters in "Gone Girl", yet I found myself looking forward to turning pages to unravel the mystery of Rachel's story.  Of course, I found myself wondering who will play the roll of Rachel, Anna and Tom in the film (that will eventually get made).  Enjoy the ride...and next time you are on a train into London don't be so nosey looking into the homes so close to the tracks.
Know the saying, 'there's his side, there's her side, then there's the truth'? While alternating between compassion and distaste for the lead character, the reader begins to think the ending is clear until - it isn't. The various characters, each presenting the plot from their own point of view, have you leaning first in one direction, then in another, and yet in still another. Tips and clues are dropped along the way.  All of this comes together for a very satisfying read.
This definitely lived up to my expectations.  It was a bit confusing at first with the chapters voiced by different characters, but the storyline unfolds as each character develops. Each nuance adds to the mystery and ultimately to the conclusion, but it's not that easy that you'll figure it out right away.  I gave it 4 stars because the middle gets a bit long, but it's necessary for character development.  Wonderful read; not just the run of the mill suspense crime novel!
Powerfully written, drawing you in to the deficits of an alcoholic's memory. How manipulated, humiliated, and controlled that memory can be. The struggle for truth is compelling. The characters are complex and interesting on many levels.<br/><br/>I'm a tough sell, and I couldn't put it down!<br/><br/>Because the characters are so well-drawn, my only criticism would be that there was no denouement for those who were suspected, but not found out.  Perhaps this is a plus?
Am almost finished with this book which I can only put down for a minute.  Love the style of writing. I have had to go over some of it again as I always have the NEED to never miss anything and in this book I don't want to miss anything.  I reread one of the character's dialogues because I was not clear on some things. But that is OK. This is the beauty of the story, a real mystery.  I had a hunch and think it may be true. Can't wait to finish but then what will I read???
The idea of a woman observing life from a train window is an interesting concept. When the story is being told from this vantage point, it remains  riveting. However, when the main character is off the train...whether in town or in her apartment... she emerges as unlikeable and foolish and in need of an intervention.  The other voices in alternating chapters add to understanding the whole story. All in all, it was a good book and the author kept me guessing until the end.
"Melancholy" is the adjective that comes to mind in this slow moving thriller. I was amazed to find a second analytical book was written to explain the plot. Our protagonist is just not that complicated and she also suffers from learned helplessness, an undesirable trait in any heroine. However, she does have compassion even if it's clumsily presented. Truly the only touching connection is that which was forged between our heroine and the woman who took her place.
The older I get the more difficult it is to find something that holds my interest .  A psychological love triangle that goes beyond what is happening into why it is happening.  Lots of  twists and turns that you  see coming but are still startled and shocked when it happens.  Spending time inside the minds of the main characters you begin to see parts of yourself...and may even gain some insight into how you have gotten to where you are in life.  Good old fashioned read.
The heroine is sappy and predictable, and afforded little depth besides her trite "daddy" issues, unconditional romanticism of her dysfunctional marriage, and eye-roll inducing alcoholism. Still, she is not unlikeable as a companion for a day at the beach. The plot easily picks up from any distractions you may encounter. It reads like a summer flick, and the biggest element of this plodding mystery is what actors will play the leading roles. Cotton candy, summer reading.
I don't understand what the hype is about this book. Prior to reading this book, I had read several reviews that it is comparable to Gone Girl, an excellent book, so I was really excited to read it. It is in no way similar to Gone Girl. The characters are completely pathetic, the pace is extremely slow and the outcome was predictable. Two other ladies read this book with me and all three of us have the same consensus that this book was a waste of time and totally boring.
With the purchase, the time invested to read it and all the thousands of stars from all the reviewers! This book left me thinking, some scenes haunted me. It kept me guessing and took me by surprise. The writing is vibrant and sharp, the characters flawed and captivating. No need to write a long review as there are so many who have done a great job describing The Girl On The Train before me. I will simply say it is a rare gem and I hope Ms. Hawkens has many more planned.
I almost didn't get this book because of the negative reviews but if you stick with it you'll enjoy it as I did. None of the three main characters (who are telling the story) are particularly likeable but they do have a very dark tale to tell and  you can't help but be pulled into it and want see it to the end. Some surprises here and it did take a bit longer than usual to figure out who-done-it. The ending was improbable but I don't think too implausible. Gove it a try.
I must admit I was somewhat confused in the first quarter of the book, I had to get familiar with the writing style and the 3 part POV, but after the first third of the book I was hooked. I had to know what would happen, and I enjoyed the many different POV's, and I was on the edge of my seat contemplating my own outcomes. All in all the book kept me entertained and if you love a good murder mystery mixed up in some trainwreck like love stories you're in for a good read.
Some people have compared this book to Gone Girl. Both books have complex troubled characters with a pretty good "whodunit" mystery. Both books keep you reading until the end. I thought I had it figured out, well, almost! But the author does a great job unfolding the clues gradually and keeps you turning those pages. One of the better books I've read in a long while. I highly recommend!
I was shocked when I saw how many reviews this book had AND a 4.5 star rating--didn't bother reading the synopsis and just purchased it (surely that many ppl had to be onto something). When they say a book is so good you can't put it down, this exemplifies that. I finished it within days bc I was reading every free second I had. Now my bad is set so high and I'm afraid it'll be awhile before I find something that even comes close, they're usually far and few in between.
So I liked the premise of this book, the idea of peeping toms is creepy but I can certainly understand trying to break up the monotony of daily commutes by creating a background for people you see in your travels. However, I was a little disappointed with the overall product. I would give it 3.5/ 5 stars overall. I thought that at least one character was left without closure. I also thought that not all of the characters were totally explored and the ending felt rushed.
I really don't know what all the hype was about on the release of this book.  The story relives one person's story timeline for a chapter, then repeats the same timeline for a different person.  The entire book is a back and forth repetition.  The storyline is a good one and could have been an excellent one; sans this annoyance.  It has twists and turns that the reader should like.  I am not saying I did not like the book bu merely stating it had so much more potential.
Despite this being recommended up the wazoo, I was tentative. Popular/trending books and I don't get along for the most part. I hated the much compared Gone Girl and couldn't finish it.<br/><br/>I needn't have worried: i finished the book in 3 days and it would have been two given more reading time. It was the perfect mystery/thriller all wrapped in a soap with some well-developed characters. Loved it. I found the ending a little unsatisfactory, but I think it worked.
It could have been better, but then, I guess, It couldn't have. The overall drama was mild, sparking sporadic bits of interest over the second half. However, it's entertaining enough to actually finish the book. Being a male reader, I had a harder time relating with the various female perspectives throughout the novel. I've heard comparisons being made of this novel to Gone Girl. In my opinion, Gone Girl was more riveting, and most of all, more bold in its storytelling.
Rachel, at times you just want to shake her and cannot believe her stupidity. Her weakness is exasperating. But Hawkins weaves an engaging tale as we follow Rachel's quest to capture the fantasy life of Jason and Jess, the couple she sees on her daily train ride to the job she no longer has. Broken, drunk, often delusional, Rachel tries to replace all she had lost with this fantasy, only to have that crumble, too, slowly dissolving, revealing lies, deception and murder.
This book is like walking into and out of layers of madness connected with a weave of love, loneliness and loss via a woman on her way descending into alcohol provoked depression and loss of self all the while trying to show some semblance of normalcy. The murder plot twists and splashes suspicion on all the characters only revealing the killer in the end and even that has a kink left in it...
This book was interesting, in the way it was written. One has to concentrate in the beginning especially, with the main character's thoughts .<br/>Not to give anything away, it just takes a little getting used to at first. After this, I enjoyed the book. I sort of guessed the perpetrator of the crime pretty early on, but that's not to say it's easy..it isn't..I would recommend this book to others liking a murder/mystery , it's well written and I could not put it down.
Well done, Ms Hawkins. Engaging characters, suspenseful with a storyline that flowed making it really easy to read. Reminded me of Hitchcock's film Rear Window. I don't usually enjoy books where there is more than one first person point of view, and generally can't stick with present tense narrative, but I had no problem with this book. I'm usually a slow reader, but I read this book in a single day - about 7 hours. Typos remarkably absent. I spotted just two. 4 stars.
I was very disappointed with this book. I kept waiting for it to get interesting, but it never did. First of all, none of the characters are likable. There's no sympathy to be had for the main character whatsoever. Furthermore, the three POV characters all felt like the same person. The twist/reveal was highly underwhelming. In fact, the party or parties responsible for the killing do things that actually go against their interests.I would not recommend this to anyone.
I have never read a book like this. At first I thought, this is weird. This person who watches from the train is nuts. And perhaps she is. Then as the story unfolds, you begin to understand that,yes, she is off, but in an understandable way. The things she has been through and how she has survived them in anyway mentally intact, is a miracle. I found that I kept on reading until I finally was done. I was exhausted. Good book. It took quite awhile to get into the story.
Ms. Hawkins has been able to go deep within the labyrinths of her characters to expose what happens when the destruction of romantic connections spiral into and uncover the very dark compulsions that are carefully kept away from view in so-called and apparent "normal" relationships.  This is such a well-crafted novel that trying to compare it to "Gone Girl" is a mistake that will only detract from the joy of reading an extraordinary work by this author.
"The Girl On The Train" is a dark and depressing suspense novel.  I could compare it to "Gone Girl," but "Gone Girl" was so off the rails.  This story was a bit more tame.  My exact words to describe this book ... bat s*** crazy.  Ms. Hawkins truly did a fabulous job creating this story.  She created deplorable characters you couldn't help but hate and root against.  Yet, the story itself - bleak, sad, depressing as it was - kept you turning the pages and wanting more.
Good book. Different than what I normally read and not what I expected but in a good way. It kept my interest all the way through. I find myself skimming through parts of a lot of books because they tend to go on and on about useless information like the color of the sky that day but not with this book. I was only a few chapters in when I recommended it to 2 friends who are reading it now. They both like it. I would be interested to read something else by this author.
ok....really tried to like this book.  First off, Rachel drives me crazy!  What an idiot and just made me so impatient.....kept skipping forward hoping the book would get better.  The ending was predictable, figured it out after a couple of chapters.  Hate the whole going back and forth with characters and dates.....gets confusing after awhile.  The ending was the best part and still not that great....sorry, don't see what is so great about this book and why it is #1.
I found this to be a quick read. Entertaining to say the least. Although I figured it out halfway through, that didn't stop me from enjoying the writing style and how it was going to get to where it was. And of course, I didn't know everything so the little twist here and there were a nice surprise. Great characters that were never dull, and a plot line that moved along and didn't linger on any one moment longer than it needed to. I would recommend this book for sure.
I do not normally like books with multipile narrators but Paula Hawkins pulls it off. The characters are well drawn, especially the principal narrator, the boozy but well meaning Rachel with a romantic view of other people's lives. The more I got into this book, the better I liked it. Ultimately I found it gripping. It has been compared to "Gone Girl," but I think this is much better. I found it very satisfying  and was sorry to finish it.<br/>Llewellyn King
I loved the twists and turns in this one!  You only know what the author wanted you to know, when she wanted to reveal it. It kept me guessing all the way through. The first 30% through was a bit confusing from the different point of views, but once I got to know the characters, I was unable to put this one down. Being inside the heads of these three women, really made you think. I love books that keep you guessing till the end. Great book for a book club discussion.
15000 reviews I'm not going to run through the novel.  All I can say is this book should be read, and I can understand its popularity.  I don't see the similarity to REAR WINDOW or GONE GIRL(except maybe the Chapter Headings),  I generally hate best seller. Yes, the characters are distasteful, but they are interesting and real.  If this book is going to be made into a movie I hope they do a better job than with GONE GIRL.  They will need a really innovative director.
This book was beyond great!  One of those novels I could not put down.  The ending was a surprise but it all came together well.  So many subjects covered.... alcoholism, lost love, obsessive love, mystery, etc.  Bravo to the author! If an author's quest is to keep the interest and satisfaction of her readers,  then Paula Hawkins certainly succeeded.  Loved it, loved it, loved it.  Dark, but enjoyable none the less. and most of the characters were worth caring about.
I'm a big mystery reader and this wasn't a Wow for me.  I did like going back and forth getting the perspective from each character and I'm a sucker for wanting to see how things end.  But, I don't think I've read a book where I didn't like any of the characters and, while interested in who was the murderer, I didn't really care which character it was.  It could have been any of them.  I though they were a pitiful lot.  Wouldn't jump at another book from this author.  For the people who love it, I can't help wondering what kind of books they read.  Wish I hadn't spent the money on this one.
I almost gave up on this book because it started so slowly -- hence, I'm giving it four instead of five stars. But my husband really liked it, so I gave it another try -- and I'm so glad I did.<br/><br/>The plot construction is really clever, with three "unreliable" narrators as well as other characters who are not what they seem. Their storylines start crisscrossing, and the tension builds. The ending has a great payoff. All in all, a truly enjoyable read.
This book was remeniscent of two goodies: Gone Girl and Strangers on a Train. I don't say it very often, but this was a book I could not put down. Okay, so I had the "bad guy" figured out about half way through, but only because I was really trying to figure it out. :) Characters and dates change out from chapter to chapter, so you kind of have to pay attention, because the timelines are important. But it was entertaining and engaging and a really good ride.
Despite some negative reviews, I liked the book. The characters were flawed and not necessarily likeable, but that shouldn't be the criteria for a book review. I did find the characters believable and their stories quite interesting. I guessed the ending, but it didn't lesson  the suspense.  I would have given it 4 1/2 stars if possible.  I suggest reading it, I don't think you will be disappointed.  That is, if you don't judge a book by the characters likeability.
There were so many reviews touting the "fabulousness" of this book that I couldn't wait to read it myself. I was not impressed. Yes there were some plot twists, but nothing that kept me riveted. The main character was very difficult to like and I never saw redeeming qualities in anyone except her<br/>long suffering roommate. I wasn't a fan of the characters in Gone Girl, I hated them by the end, but that book held my attention far better than The Girl on the Train.
I had to push myself to get into this book.  I couldn't relate to the characters, it was all very dark.  It almost took me until the end before I felt anything for the main character.  It was very well written from the aspect of not being able to put it down.  I needed to know what happened even though I wasn't thrilled with the characters.  It has been compared to "Gone Girl", but not a fair comparison I feel.<br/>It is a thriller that keeps your attention though.
Probably one of the best books I have read in a long time. It had everything I want in a book. Mystery, interesting characters, and of course a shocking twist. It was a playground for your imagination with great descriptions, multiple character perspectives, and interesting events that made you want to keep reading. I did not see the end coming at all either which is what is the best thing about this book..it outwitted me and I love that! Pick this one up for sure!
An interesting tale of a woman who sees her old neighborhood from a train which she rides daily.  She observes an occurrence that sparks her imagination and adds to her drinking problem. The three narrators share things in common and one is kept guessing as to the perceptions and realities of each of them.  There is adultery and marital conflict and  mistakes in observations.  The resolution is interesting and although not unexpected, not entirely foreseen either..
I was bored throughout the first half. Got very tired of reading about an alcoholic that can't quit, just doesn't make good reading and nothing else in the plot developed fast enough to keep me engaged. Just as I planned to quit, it got interesting enough to stick with it. Ending not a big surprise, I got there before the characters did. Always glad to know what the fuss is about, but won't read it again. Got enough alcoholism and domestic violence in this reading.
This book has a slow beginning once you get about 80 pages in it moves a little faster. It is well worth the read if you like mystery and intrigue. I had the killer picked out at the beginning, I just did not know the whys. Well you find out at the end. Paula Hawkins did a good job of developing the story with out getting you confused. It was so much easier to read than Gone Girl. All I can say is some of the characters are a train wreck waiting to happen. Teehee!
I had read so much about this book that I was expecting great things so I was a little disappointed at first. But then, the more I read the better the book got and I hope I'm not pushing this too far, but it moved along faster and faster the more I read - like a train gaining speed. I have to say there were some elements of Gone Girl, but only fleetingly. The best part was I never guessed the perpetrator so it was a big surprise. Overall, really enjoyed this book.
This is a very well written and easy story to read. A page turning psychological thriller that builds steadily towards a satisfying conclusion where empowerment is discovered and self esteem returns. There seemed to be an unlikely hole in the plot where one of the protagonists is telling her story seconds before she's killed in a forest. That bothered me. The male characters are also a little one dimensional and predictable. Nevertheless a great read on the beach!
I have to say I was a bit disappointed with this book. Not sure what all the excitement was about regarding this book. It was not a favorite. I found it had a predictable storyline (and ending). Not a fan of flashback or diary style of writing and that might be part of the problem I had with the book. It is written in the same style as Gillian Flynn (and I didn't like her books either). I have friends who loved this book and some that felt the same as I did. YMMV.
Did not see the end coming and was surprised...and I like that in a book.  It was described as a psychological thriller and it lived up to that.  I had heard it compared to Gone Girl, but it was different and that's not a fair comment.  Both are good but hardly alike.<br/><br/>I found myself wanting to reach into the book with both hands and make the main character behave the way I thought she should.  She never did and that's part of what made it so intriguing.
Knew this book was popular, but I didn't know what to expect.  I had just finished another book that I enjoyed and was hoping for another book that I would like just as much....well, this one exceeded my expectations!! Twists and turns, murder and mystery, love and hate...there's some of everything mixed together to make a story that has you turning page after page, not wanting to sleep until you finish the book. I will be recommending this to all of my friends!!!
It is a good book; finish it in 3 days. I felt like the girl on the train, I could not look away and kept on wanting to know what happened next. The author does a great job in not giving anything away until the end. This would be a great book to discuss in a reading group. The Girl on the Train is a dark and depressing thriller. You want to scream at some of the characters, others just make you sad. Life decisions can lead to poor consequences. Great summer read.
Not a happy go lucky king of book! A little far fetched but it is fiction! It reads pretty good and I read it quickly. It did keep my attention but I am not really into the gloom and doom stories! As far as the writing style..........I thought she did a good job with holding the reader's interest and making it just enough complicated to make you think about the characters and what will happen next. All in all.........not a bad book but not a great book either!!
I liked the fast pace of the story and how each character was full of flaws but still likable enough. It became somewhat predictable half way through on who the bad guy was, but I give props for imagining a good story out of the premise of a girl daydreaming and mind-stalking a couple. I felt the author was rather harsh in her description of Rachel, but maybe she drew the experience of someone she knew who was an alcoholic. Overall, pretty good, easy, fun read!
I couldn't decide on a book for the beach, and finally chose this one. I was not disappointed! I love that the author has chosen to gradually intertwine the lives of the three women from whose perspective the story is told. The characters are flawed, yet relatable. Just when you think you know the direction in which she is sending the story, there's another twist. I was on the edge of my seat until I had finished the last page. Highly recommend this great read!
I hated having to put this story aside when there was something else that needed my attention.  I have read where some reviewers say that none of these characters is likable.  This is true.  But the story is so compelling that the reader can easily overlook the flawed people.  The drama builds at a good, steady pace.  The reader is drawn to one conclusion and then forced to consider another, keeping the reader engaged.  I highly recommend The Girl On The Train.
Laborious skipping back and forth between characters and times
Terribly written, predictable plot. Do not recommend this book
depressing, a liar, a drunk, a bum and a women with no morales
A bit redundant in the middle but a good quick immersing read!
This was a good book that took an unexpected turn at the end that I never saw coming.  That's always fun!  It was interesting because the book was written from the point of view of three different women at different times, until it all came together at the end.  I couldn't wait to spend a half hour to an hour at the end of the day to curl up with it and find out what these three women were up to.  At the end it left me with a wonderful feeling of satisfaction!
I had a hard time getting through this book. I loved Gone Girl but the other books that I've read by Gillian Flynn left me annoyed with that writing style and voice. The Girl on the Train is just another version of that. The three characters that share their POV are identical in the way they think and speak. They're not very likable at all. The ending got a little better when the mystery starts to fall in place, but this was definitely not one of my favorites.
Very cleverly written story with slow building tension.  Was not sure it would turn out to be such a fascinating read after the first chapter, was not liking the main character.  But readers...stick with it, it is so worth the effort!  The author as collected a group of characters that are human, not perfect, just trying really hard to be better people. A book has to be really great to get me to do a review, and I'm stopping here so I don't give anything away.
This is no "Gone Girl." Yes, it's kind of a page-turner but I solved the "mystery" less than a quarter of the way through. I kept reading, hoping I was wrong, staying always ten steps ahead of the protagonist, but nope. It was just as I predicted. If you like these sort of dark psychological thriller murder-mysteries but want something more complex that will keep you guessing and always surprise you in the end, try any of Sophie Hannah's books.
I read this book while traveling and it made the flights go by so fast because it kept my attention the entire time. It's a different style and you get a little confused about the dates at the beginning of each chapter. I can usually predict the ending by the time I get halfway through and even though I figured out the main ending, there were some twists in their that I didn't expect.
I don't get why folks loved this book.  The mystery is interesting, but the main character is disgusting.....so utterly lacking in ANY redeeming quality.  The protagonist has to engender at least a bit of sympathy from the reader so that we actually care what ultimately happens to her/him.  In this case, I was hoping, midway through the book, that SHE would be run over by a train!  By the end, I really didn't care who killed who....blah, blah, blah.<br/>Next.
An absolute page turner ...could not put it down. This is not normally a genre I would choose, but my book club picked it as our current book. A brilliant first novel with complex and interesting characters, and a multi layered storyline. Anyone of the main characters has motive and you are kept guessing almost until the end.....quite a twist, and totally unexpected. I read the book a week ago, and cannot stop recommending it to whoever will listen! Loved it.
I read Girl on the Train on my small Kindle which did not show the name at the top of each page clearly enough, so that I became confused regarding the identity of the specific character who was central to that particular section (no fault of the author's).  Once that confusion was cleared away, the book made perfect sense and was clearly a compelling story, well written, engaging the reader sympathetically with the characters ending with a very tense climax.
You could easily have taken half out of this book. It would have made it better - as it is, it is running around in the same circles all the time for pages and pages on end. You get dead bored. The plot is ok - but why wash't it made into a long short story?<br/>Language: female (and male) characters say ,I'm sorry' at least four times on each page, which gets very tiring.<br/>It starts out very good, but I was very happy when I could finally put it aside.
Starts off slow and depressing.  Almost put it down, but it was a book club book so I couldn't!  And I'm glad I didn't.  All of a sudden the story picks up speed and what's going on under the surface - what's really going on - starts to emerge slowly and then it's a page turner.  It's an engaging look into the psyche of physically and mentally abused women from the victim's perspective.  If you've been there, it's chilling.  If you haven't, it's instructive.
Although I found this story quite predictable, I did appreciate the twists & turns that it took. This book reads a lot like Gone Girl, with a similar format and intertwined story line; however, I found it less complex and not quite as exciting. This book was a very quick read - only took me a day! - so it's great to bring along for a beach day in the Summer or a longer flight. I would re-read the story again, just wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be.
I enjoyed reading this book. It was different, kept me guessing and I was curious how it would end. Not sure what all the lower ratings are about, but maybe just not their cup of tea. There were a few "oh, come on" moments in it, but I still had to see what happened as a result. I did figure out the ending before I got to it (by picking up on a little clue from the author) but I still thought it was well written. I would try another from this author.
This is a mystery/thriller set in suburban London.  The voices of several women (whose back gardens all abut a local train line) tell the story so that each person contributes to the mosaic.  It's not a long book.  It should be read in one or two sittings to hang on to the names and places and to maintain the feel of a quiet, predictable area with an unsettling, dark backstory.  Characterization and dialogue are a big part of this psychological thriller.
Written from the perspective of three different women, one must pay attention to detail as the story unfolds. Early in the book I found myself sometimes wondering which woman was doing what when but it all came together eventually as I got deeper into the book. Kept my interest throughout and had to keep guessing how the story might turn out. I think all of my guesses were wrong, Did enjoy the ending; seemed very fitting for the story. Very entertaining.
This was the first book that I was able to finish in a while.  It hooked me quickly in the beginning and I just spent the better part  of a snow day finishing it.  It is told in the same manner as Gone Girl, but with 3 different voices instead of two.  Without giving too much away, it is the story of three woman, whose lives are intertwined in different ways, and the mystery of what happened when one disappears.  Very captivating, tense, and interesting.
A strong debut. There was a lot of character building and world building. You experienced the neighborhood and sense of daily life and the facade of it, and then you also get the ugly reality that is hidden underneath. The ending is chilling moreso the aftermath than the actual climatic action itself. It's the idea that you're left with that the person in a hotel room next to you or who moves into the house next door could be just like this protagonist.
Very depressing characters, made this story less enjoyable. The plot was ok, but  when you don't like the people the story doesn't matter. I have not read other reviews, but I understand this book is well thought of by many readers.  I read two or three books a week, so I am not looking for great literature.  I quit reading this book because it was so bad, but after being told it was well reviewed I tried again and revised my score up to three stars.
Reminded me of Gone Girl in terms of a murder mystery that has characters that aren't very likable and you're never quite sure what to believe. It was a bit of a page turner as I did want to know whodunit, but by the end I just wanted to slap the main woman character...she bugged me so much!  I will say it was an interesting glimpse into the power of alcoholism and how easy it can be slip into it, but still, by the end, I really had no sympathy for her.
it is horrible I have tried to read in many times but no goo.
Overrated - none of the main characters were interesting.....
Suspenseful ,keeps you engaged and not wanting to put it down
Wow-has been many years but this is a book I couldn't put down.  I also freelance right, but am not an expert.  I have to be at work at 5:00 a.m. in the morning and my husband will attest that I stayed up "way" later so I could read the book.  Unfortunately could relate to major character,<br/>so perhaps that made it much for relevant.  Are they going to make it into a movie?  I'm sure would be difficult but not impossible.<br/>Debby Hamilton
Well written tragic thriller about how people delude themselves about the causes of the sadness and loneliness in their lives. Rachel, the main character, drinks a lot to combat her depression and isolation. Unemployed, she rides the trains, observing the activities of her ex-husband and the neighbors. What starts as curiosity mixed with drunken fantasy evolves into an investigation that eventually gets her back on the road to peace, health and sanity.
Captivating "who-done-it" murder mystery.  Unusually presentation.  Written in 1st person.  Paints in-depth profiles of key characters and what they are thinking.  Keeps you guessing whether primary character (Rachael) has murdered someone, was imagining everything she saw, or was just plain crazy.  Suspense throughout,.....right to end.  Good read, but you will need to follow sequence of events carefully.  Chapters flip back and forth in time.
I disliked the main character from the very beginning, and as I got to know the others, I realized I didn't care for or about any of the people in this book.  Everyone has flaws, but these characters were beyond inspiring empathy.<br/> I gave it 3 stars because the writer developed the characters fairly well and the story did unfold with some surprises, but I could not relate to anyone or see anything that made me want to root for a winner at the end.
Not the usual genre I read but I enjoyed this book! The story kept me very engaged and I  cared "who done it"!  Several scenarios were plausible! The concept was original. The narrative alternated between three of the main characters and the things were tied up at the end.  The writing style was perfect for the story.  Some characters were  better developed than others and  some plot details were a little shaky but overall, this was a fun read.
Starts out promising enough but never really delivers ... the style, the formula if you will, and there is a formula at work here, very similar to Gone Girl.. I read it thru, it held my interest for the most part.. but it's not anything close to Hitchcock and certainly not worth all the hype.. oh those spin doctors.. have been at it again.The only character I really liked was Rachel's roommate, Cathy. She seemed like such a kind, patient, caring soul..
This was a very difficult book to get into and I quickly got discouraged. But wait, a little more than halfway through (reading it for Book Club) I found that it got easier and more interesting to read. Making sure you have the characters established at the beginning helps you delve into their problems and trials more easily. About 80% through the book, I found I had a hard time putting it down. Glad I finished it and suggested my daughter do the same!
One feature I strongly dislike in novels is when the villain confesses to someone (in this case two people), not only their guilt, but a complete rundown of their motive, their thoughts, the entire explanation of why and how they did it. First, this does not ring true. Second, a good plot doesn't have to rely on this to wrap up and explain the ending. I liked the first half or so of the story a lot, but then it goes down hill and ends with a dull thud.
its hard to really like a book fully when you don't really like the main character.  I understand she has problems- but I just could not really feel for her.  I really didn't care much for any of the main narrative voices nor the other characters.  It was an ok story, it held my attention enough to want to finish reading the book to find out how it ended, but I really did not like any of the characters.  I would not necessarily recommend it to anyone.
While I couldn't wait to sit down and read this book, I was somewhat disappointed !  Having been on the NY Times Bestseller's list for weeks on end, I expected more.  The story finally took off half way through the book.  I, like most readers, want to be "grabbed" right from the start, this was not one of those books.  Once into it, it finally got my attention and finished with a great ending.  For those who have patience I would recommend it.
Gritty, dark and absolutely gripping. I was pretty much caught from the start. I suspected everyone so it was very well crafted and still couldn't confidently say who it was until it was revealed. There wasn't one really likeable character but it was the point and it made you suspect everyone. I felt sympathy for many and the author wrote in such a way that you could see why and how they became so unlikeable, pathetic and pitiful. written and intense!
Three woman, three men. The steam of consciousness moves between the characters changing the readers perspective, making this mystery very seductive. Three dead bodies later, the crime scene becomes confusing who is next in danger, which character is quilty or is there more than one. Well developed storyline and weell developed characters add depth to the story. Good ending.
I expected this storyline to be similar to Gone Girl, but it really wasn't. When reading, pay attention to the dates that are the subheadings for each section. If you don't, it could be confusing. The female characters all had some sort of emotional/mental issue, and the male characters were all suspects for me. I was a little disappointed in the climax of the story.... I expected something more unexpected. If you like a mystery, this is an ok read.
No one escapes suspicion in this tale of romance, jealousy, deceit, murder and revenge. In  Paula Hawkins' hand the pen is a lethal weapon as  she<br/>spares none of her characters sufficient weakness and motive to betray, seduce and murder not once but twice and then...each time the Girl<br/>on the Train arrives the story shifts... the mystery deepens. Not a book one puts away easily! Not a villain so quickly exposed.  Excellent piece of writing!
Once I was engaged in the book, it was one of those reads where you want to find out who did what to whom.  At times a little confusing, as it jumped back in time, but I did not find this a detriment to the story.  The main character, Rachel, was interesting as she was dealing with depression and alcoholism while trying to figure out the mystery.  Also, found the scenario unique, i.e. the train, the houses along the tracks, the English culture, etc.
Similar flow to Gone Girl which seems to be the new genre these days.  It is similar in excitement with a new trick being introduced by an illusionist.  The reader is distracted with all of the background activity/noise that they ignore the actual solution going on in front of them.  The Girl on the Train ending didn't leave this reader irritated as with the ending in Gone Girl, nor did it leave me wanting a different ending.  It was nicely tied up.
The story was unique and held your interest.  I just never felt like I could truly connect with the characters.  They just weren't that interesting.  Nothing really stood out that made you feel like you really knew them.  I am an avid reader and sometimes after just a short way in to a book I already feel like one of the characters could be my friend and I want to get to know them more.  These characters felt like they had no real substance to them.
I really enjoyed the way the story was told by each of the main characters of the book.  It was very hard to figure out what was real and what was not.  But I felt empathy for the characters.  They all went through their lives with scars that never healed. And their weaknesses and strengths intertwined throughout each other propelling the story along.  What you see isn't always reality.  It can be your reality if you want your mind to believe it is.
I devoured this book in less than 3 days and it would have been even less had I not been working multiple nights in a row! This irresistible quick read has all the good stuff: unreliable narrators that weave their POV's in and out, twists, turns, and all of its hooks in you. The story as told through it's 3 narrators builds it's story solidly and then, slowly yet all at once, it all comes together and you're left wondering what you should read next.
Paula Hawkins is a truly gifted writer who I hope will write many more books in the future.<br/>Her characters are extremely well-defined,and with the unbelievable pacing of this psychological thriller and her genius for writing...you have an instant hit.<br/>I was torn between slowly pacing myself and quickly going from page to page to uncover yet another twist and turn.<br/>This is undoubtedly one of the best books I've read...truly enjoyable!
This book had me hooked from the very start. I couldn't put it down. I felt sorry for Rachael. This lonely, alcoholic who lost her job and her husband would ride the train everyday and watch others as the train passed by. She became so involved in this particular couple's life that it was her escape. When she sees something that blows her mind, she can't avoid becoming wrapped up in it. This was a real page turner. I definitely recommend this book.
Hawkins's writing is kind of amateurish, but the story itself is very compelling and suspenseful. I couldn't put it down. Pardon the cliché, but it's true; I couldn't wait until I could read it next. Rachel is a fascinating character, and the unpredictability of her self-destructive behavior is what drew me in the most. Fans of Gillian Flynn will enjoy this read, but prepare for a weaker writing style than Gone Girl or any other of Flynn's works.
I was excited to read this because I had heard so much positive feedback but for me it was just okay. I honestly didn't like any of the characters and it is important for me to at least like some of them or some parts of them. I also found it convoluted and difficult to follow at times. You have to pay special attention to the change in characters that are narrating and the dates. It was a good premise but it didn't hit it out of the park for me.
Extremely disappointing thriller. Pedestrian writing and  a twist ending you can guess from page 50 adds up to an excruciatingly underwhelming book. The nprotagonist is unbearably unlike able, something I usually admire. But with Hawkins' literary skill, her demons never become compelling, only increasingly bothersome. Gone Girl retains its throne as the literary thriller of this moment and the decade. Skip this and read another popular thriller.
The flawed heroine in this book was the key to a successful and compelling story. How often have we witnessed something<br/>and thought just maybe it should be reported? Reading this was like living a nightmare - the doubt, the questions of self-worth, the<br/>lack of control, all play into what may or may not be a very troubling disappearance.<br/>Although other reviews kept me from purchasing this earlier, I am so glad I finally did read it.
I read a little about The Girl on the Train before I purchased it and the plot sounded intriguing.  What I discovered as I read it was that the plot was really unbelievable, yet, I could not put it down.  I found myself wanting to shake the protagonist into reality, warn her of her blind stupidity, and get her some therapy!  You might see the end coming before you get there, but I don't think it will stop you from reading avidly right to the end.
Call me cranky, but I was entirely unsympathetic with the alcoholic self-pitying narrator of this story.  Nor did I find any identification with the various characters who "weren't who they seemed to be."  Jekyll and Hyde live, it seems, in the psyches of two normal appearing handsome well to do young men.  Really? . I was unable to suspend disbelief about almost every aspect of this book.  There was nothing that rang true or seemed real.
At first I did not really like this book.  I get so tired of these alcoholics that cannot stay off the bottle.  All the characters have flaws, but I cared for Meagan even though she was not true to her husband.  I ended up liking Rachel even though she could not control her drinking.  Stick with this book.  The author gradually reveals a bit more about each character.  If you can get to the middle of the book, you will not be able to put it down.
Fantastic reading. Very moving You never want to put it down
Ugh.  Boring. Went back and forth too much. Lost its flavor.
Slow start to the story but once it got going, I was hooked.
Very slow story. I'm surprised it got so many overall stars.
Literally could not put it down once it started snowballing. when things start to pick up pace there is not a single dull moment. Suspense builds faster and faster. I stayed up until 5am this past Tuesday because there was nowhere to pause confidently and get any sound sleep, I had to know what happened next! My boyfriend got a kick out of all my intense reactions as I read along. my friends are now passing it among themselves. TOTALLY WORTH IT.
Ok, so I read that people were comparing this to Gone Girl.  Too bad, because although I loved gone girl, the ending sucked.  I liked this book, the beginning was slow. Rachel was not a likable character. I just can't sympathize with a drunk who constantly lets herself go.  But that's the whole point of the book. To make the bad characters... Good.  In the end, everyone that annoyed me came out on top.  Good job.  Read this book, you'll be happy
Although I enjoyed reading "The Girl on the Train" I did figure out the ending, but maybe I was supposed to. At least the suspense did not drag on and on. Interesting development of storyline through the perspective of the three women. I am grateful a friend told me to pay attention to which woman I was reading and the dates. Advise kept me from getting confused between them. All in all it was enjoyable, but did not live up to the hype.
I surrendered to the hype and finally read this book. To say I was hooked is an understatement. I submerged myself in Rachel’s drink-binged, toxic, and blackout-filled world and could only come for air once I turned the last page. She is not a very sympathetic character but Hawkins’s writing is compelling – as in it compels you to read, from one episode to another, going back and forth in time, not knowing the full shocking truth until the end.
This is an excellent psychological thriller about an alcoholic and her imaginations from riding a train daily.  She gets involved in making up stories about a couple who live on the train route as she longs for her ex-husband who lives on the same street.  As a recovering alcoholic, I found it a little difficult to live through her drunken sprees and blackouts but it all comes together in the end with the unexpected ending. Highly recommend it.
I really enjoyed reading this book as I lived through the story.  The stupor of an alcoholic made me impatient, but it might be an accurate picture of people who consume constant large amounts of alcohol.  We all look at houses as we ride by on a train, car, etc.  It is interesting to imagine the lives of people living in those houses.  I always think that people who live on farms or in country villages are baking pies all day.  Maybe they are.
Despite the fact that this novel is a "Best Seller " it was difficult for me to get engaged. Could not identify with with any of the characters and at the risk of making a biased comment, it may be a good "women's " book. As far as being a  mystery , it doesn't even come close to P.D.Lang's "Original Sin ".<br/>I conclude that maybe it's a good "chick" book but it was a almost a waste of time for me.<br/>Robert
I love first person narrative - and this book lets you into the minds of all the "players".  I read this book in two days - couldn't wait to return to it whenever I had the chance.  I love thrillers and some are getting so predictable - this book is entirely different - I highly recommend it as a quick satisfying read.  You won't guess the outcome. ( It might also make you think twice before you pour that second or third glass of wine!)
I liked how it kept you guessing till almost the end.I don't care for books where I can anticipate what will happen during not just the ending but throughout the telling of the story.The thing that I didn't like is that the writing and dialogue don't match the location.It is written as if it takes place in America.I'm surprised, as this would be the critique of any first year writing teacher or writing group.However,this made it easier to read.
It's not good at all.  The story keeps repeating it's self.
not as good as described by the critics, quite disappointed
Had trouble staying with it and deciphering the characters!
thought it would be spell binding,  a little hard to follow
It is no Gone Girl, but it is a page turner - good mystery.
Save it for a very hot day on the beach= otherwise skip it.
Very disappointing.  Very early on I started to feel the story wasn't interesting, the plotting tiresome, and the characters people I didn't care about.  How this got such wonderful reviews is beyond me. Usually I can finish most books, liking some more than others.  This time I simply skipped to the end, confirming the outcome that I guessed near the start.  When I told a friend my opinion, she totally agreed.  Couldn't finish it either.
Starts slow, builds evenly and is pretty compulsive reading in the middle.  The twist is a little thin and the clues and reveal are muddied together in this memory-meets-diary format, so it almost felt like the climax was somehow off the beat, or ill-timed, even though I guess it wasn't.  But it fell a bit flat for me at the last.  That aside, it was the best read I've had in a long time and I'll definitely look for more from this author.
This book was on the best seller list for many weeks. I can see why. It's a different story taking place over several weeks.  None of the characters are particularly likeable and the main character does a lot of "navel gazing." But the plot is interesting -- alcoholic woman on daily train to work sees something unusual -- and has some unpredictable twists. Great summer read for who-dun-it readers. Reminds me a little of Gone Girl.
This book was well written, the characters keenly crafted and the plot devious. The whole storyline was so depressing and demoralizing that while I was curious to learn the outcome, the process was almost painful..not one character had enough redeeming qualities to find any trace of respect or dignity. I'd rather not know so many dreadful people so cannot recommend this to anyone who hopes to believe in the inherent goodness of humankind.
Since I had read Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl" and this book had reviews hinting at a similar story line, I sort of anticipated the "subtly obvious" culprit. I liked that most of the alternating main-character chapters weren't that long.  When books use this method in telling a story, there may be long chapters, for me, I have trouble remembering details of the previous character's chapter.  Looking forward to the movie.
At first I couldn't put it down. Then, the more the story deepened the more it unraveled. And when the villain was revealed, we were treated to the cliche of him/her monologuing his/her exploits, explaining everything, which was a stark contrast to the subtle beginning that really pulled me in. The fact that I guessed the villain a little more than halfway in was fine, I just wished the big reveal had been more than unadorned confession.
Paula Hawkings "The Girl on the Train" is a great entry into the mystery genre.  The structure of the story is inventive.  At first I didn't know how I would like the 2 x per day narrative, but it really works, especially when different characters enter the picture.  The back and forth timeline adds tension, and the Hawkings is able to keep up the suspense most of the way through the book.  I'll definitely read her next novel.
There is a great reason this book has captured so much attention. The author catches your interest at the beginning and does not let go. In fact, as I pick this book up to review it, I want to read it again. The book has been called a literary mystery, but it is far more. Men and women alike will find much in this book to think about with respect to the undercurrents hidden beneath the surface of seemingly peaceable matrimonial unions.
I really enjoyed this book from start to finish but I wouldn't compare it to Gone Girl. It's a great read and I found myself eager to get back to it. I wish there had been less hype about this book because I think I was expecting more. If I hadn't read all the hype I would have found it to be a good book but since my expectations were raised, I was a bit disappointed with the ending. Still, an excellent read and one I would recommend.
I picked up this book because it sounded like an interesting plot...a girl day dreaming about the lives of strangers witnesses something out of the ordinary and how her actions effected the lives of those people but also how her own life was intertwined. Very good story and if you use the whisper sync, the performance was well done. I particularly liked the different point of views of each of the main characters through out the story.
I really enjoyed this book!  I thought it was a great thriller and kept me guessing almost to the end!  Any time I read a book in a little over 24 hours it is a winner in my opinion!  I think that I can be fairly critical, but I didn't find much to criticize about this book.  The main character is a bit dark, but that did not lessen my enjoyment of the story.  If you enjoy suspense and a good murder mystery, you will enjoy this book.
Such a good, fast read! I was drawn in from the beginning. When I'm riding the train into the city, I look out at all the houses we pass and I have wondered about those who live in them. To have a story start out with a train ride with imaginings of the inhabitants of those houses was genius. And with a bonus of an extremely well-written story, it became immediately a "I can't put this down" book. I hope to see more from this author!
Number two on the best seller's list, so naturally I had to read it.  I hate stories that jump back in forth in time trying to keep up with what day it is and who is talking.  The storyline was good; just not told very well.  All the characters in the book are morons, no one to actually like or care about what happens to them.  As like others, I had to keep reading just to see who did what, and I had it picked out from the beginning.
Lots of hype over a not particularly great book. Dark, depressing, and no real character development.  A cautionary tale for problem drinkers. Flynn just does it so much better. Really can't figure out why this book has been so successful. Yes, it's a debut novel and there's hope the author will evolve even if her characters didn't, but in a world where there are so many books and such a finite amount of time, this one is just so-so.
This book was recommended by a friend after I indicated that I was really enjoyed the book Gone Girl which kept me up until the wee hours of the morning to find out what happened next.  The first half of the book moves along a little slowly, setting up the intrigue in the second part of the book.  Although it kept interested enough to want to finish the book, I found that it plodded along at times and the ending wasn't a page turner.
The ladies in my book club liked it well enough, but I thought it was very predictable and I absolutely HATE reading about stupid women - in this case there were FOUR! Not a single female in this book seemed to have half a brain or the wherewithal to stand up for the things they "said" they believed in. Not to mention the men - they were pretty much all jerks in one form or another with no moral compass whatsoever among them!
Brave writing. That's what's so great about it. Paula was brave enough to write a book with no real heroes. All flawed but desperately real people. Once you get into this book, even fifty pages in you're stuck in it. Stuck with these amazing characters and this incredible world and tragic events. It's really one of the best books I've read in a long time. Very Hitchcock as it's been said. But modern Hitchcock. This will be a classic.
This book was decent. It started way too slowly, picked up a little steam and then settled into its snail's pace. None of he characters were likeable and the payoff wasn't worth the laborious journey. I liken it to a mediocre episode of Law & Order, one where you pretty much know what's going to happen but you make yourself finish it just for closure's sake. If I had to compare it to a book I'd say it's the destitute man's Gone Girl.
I was so disappointed - especially after seeing this on the top one list for over a year.  It was confusing to me to keep jumping back to different people and different time periods.  I had figured half way into the book who did it and I was just bored.  I love mystery books, the ones that keep me guess to the end (like Beverly Barton, Harlan Cohen) but this book was slow to get into, quick to figure out and just fizzled at the end.
I found the story rather convoluted, confusing, and difficult to follow.  At first I thought that it would be similar to "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" in the writing style, but it did not turn out to be the case.  To me it was very disjointed and I had trouble even finishing the book.  I did so just as a personal commitment to myself.  The best part was the last 10% or so, but other than that it was a struggle to finish.
Unlike a traditional mystery in which a murder is the whole reason for the story, The Girl on the Train is even more so about the fascinating characters who tell the story. Maybe not the best book for right before you need to go to bed because you may find yourself unable to put it down; however, I opted to just miss sleep. Many twists and turns...and I'll stop before I give away any spoilers!
An excellent story and an great first person characterization of an alcoholic.  Everything that happened seemed realistic and intriguing and I couldn't put the book down.  The girl on the train seems headed for doom and you feel compelled to want to save her. Loved the end of the book as well.  Its a bit like Alfred Hitchcock's rear window, but with a girl that stalks her ex husband and their neighbor via passing by them on a train.
Interesting way of presenting a story through the viewpoints of key characters especially Rachel who rides the train every day.  I don't usually read fiction but was bedbound and hungry for distraction and decided to just grab something from the current best seller list.  Was not disappointed.  I felt the end (where all the loose end are finally tied up) was a bit rushed.  But if you like plot twists and turns, this is full of them.
This story begins with the reader feeling sorry for and a little put off by Rachel's drunkenness.  Megan and Anna seem to be more admirable characters.  But as the story progresses, Rachel becomes the strong character while the true natures of Megan and Anna are revealed.  All three women have definite flaws, but the male characters are even more flawed.  The author has woven them together into a thriller which was hard to put down.
Paula Hawkins managed to keep my attention from the first page to the last, and now I'll look for more of her books. Using various mechanisms (such as narration through the eyes of an alcoholic whose memories after 'black-outs' can be missing or false), Ms. Hawkins makes it difficult for the reader to discern the truth of the story as it unfolds. In that way, this thriller was very much like Gone Girl. It was a good, fast, fun read.
The Girl on the Train was a really good read, though it took me a quite a while to actually like the main female character.  In fact none of the characters where particularly likeable but into the last third of the book you really understood where they were coming from and their stories, slowly woven right through the book, came to life.  I couldn't put the book down in this last third and ended up very bleary eyed the next morning.
What a depressing book full of really funky characters....
gave up after reading 30%; extremely repetitive and boring
Started interesting but lost interest in few more chapters
Felt like I was in the mind of a delusional drunken woman.
Grammatical errors in kindle version somewhat distracting.
I enjoyed this book. It seems like it's being compared to "Gone Girl" quite a bit, which is a little misleading. It's similar in that it's a very compelling, quick read. You find yourself whipping through it very quickly because you want to see how it ends. But unlike "Gone Girl", the ending isn't a mind-f@*k. Everything is somehow resolved whether you like it or not. I can't wait for the movie starring Emily Blunt.
It started off slow, but was character building.  At first, I didn't realize that there were different characters telling the story and I was confused.  On the kindle, names are very lightly printed at the beginning of each chapter that alerts you that it's a new character story line....so be careful as to keeping characters straight if you are reading on a kindle. After I noticed that, the story was very good.  Very worth reading.
Read this book for bookclub - really didn't care much for it.  There are three narrators, and for the first half of the book I thought they were all the same person with a multiple personality disorder.  Didn't find a single major character likeable.  Do not care for unreliable narration.  Certainly don't like reading endlessly about the exploits and misadventures of a black out drunk.  Don't really get what all the hype was about.
A female alcoholic daydreams made-up stories about the people in the houses visible from her seat on a train on her daily trip into London. When a woman goes missing from one of the houses, she thinks she knows what happened but her mind is kind of fuzzy. This book fits in the “Gone Girl” genre but it was all plot with no richness to the characters or social/cultural asides. Decent but soon forgotten. Bechdel test: Pass. Grade: B
A decent murder mystery book, but I've read better. The development of the characters were alright. I thought that the author forced the main chapter to do certain things that were just unrealistic and odd to get to the proper ending. It was a page turner and I didn't realize that I wasnt a fan until I finished the book. I would only recommend this book to people who read a lot other wise I don't think you will find it enjoyable.
I thoroughly enjoyed the book . It was not predictable, that's for sure..  The characteers were interesting and the  girl with the alcohol problem and not being able to remember the red haired man on the train was also thought provoking. I read this book in 3 days.  A bit confusing in the  beginning trying to keep trach of the girls in the story and the dates, but that being said  it was a wonderful read for a cold winter night !
I chose this rating because the story kept me so interested I spent many late evenings reading it.  I liked the different points of view, the action, and Rachel's tenacious pursuit of the truth.  I had read this novel is a fine example of an unreliable narrator, and I certainly learned why.  The story twists engaged me.  This book would be great for anyone who likes a good mystery, or a peek into the interior lives of characters.
I almost quit reading this book several times before I was even halfway through.  I found the plot very slow to develop, the main characters depressing, and the story line disjointed; but I dislike not finishing a book, so I marched on. About three quarters of the way through, the plot has a major twist and I was hooked with a glimpse of that twist and then another. By the time I was in the last chapters, I couldn't put it down!
I thought the book was just not bad.  But with respect to the movie casting, all three actresses mentioned seem just okay. Emily Blunt has been cast as Rachel. Who is as described in the book as fat, puffy and not that attractive. I'm concerned that Ms Blunt will not gain weight for the role. If that occurs, this will not help the movie and Ms Blunt will relegate herself as more of a movie star rather than an actress. We'll see.
This book reminded me of another book I had read (GONE GIRL) that kept the mystery alive until the end.  It was a little hard to keep the characters straight as the reader had to switch from one first person to another as the author wrote their thoughts.  But well worth the effort as the the commuter train was central to the story and its conclusion.  The characters were well developed and the story became real as it progressed.
A friend, whose recommendations are usually "right on," missed on this one! Then again, any review is a personal reflection of "likes and dislikes!" The story was bland, lacking "punch." Of course, there were several bright spots as we should expect in a book listed on the NY Times Best list! In good conscience I could not recommend this book to serious readers: perhaps, a good "beach chair" read!
This book was very well written. It kept me turning pages and wondering what was going to happen next. It kept me guessing "Who dunnit." I thought the characters were cleverly intermingled, and I enjoyed getting to see inside the brains of multiple characters through different POVs. I was just a tad bit troubled by this book, because it's an emotionally dark story, and I still have bits of it bouncing around in my brain.
I was riveted through most of the book, good prose, sardonic humor, really clever and I thought the character of Rachel was very well developed.  The situation seemed absurd, yet believable, which was what i really loved about it.  Unfortunately, for me, the ending was a little pat.  I didn't think it needed all that violence and I would have liked a more complicated ending for Rachel.  But, still, I would recommend it and have.
The book had alternating POVs  from three female characters. The other characters were really not developed at all. There was a mystery, which was good, but I really didn't care who did it. I didn't care because the three characters points of view were vindictive, shallow and constantly whining about this and that. The resolution was kind of vague for the main whiner, and in the words of Bob Dylan "nothing was revealed".
Meh, it was ok. All three perspectives were identical. It was difficult to discern which characters point of view you were reading unless you went back and checked the chapter heading, or they referenced one of the others. It was okay. The story and concept was solid, and I enjoyed the twists and turns, but it lacked some originality. And I'm getting annoyed with thrillers that re-write themselves at the end to fit into a twist.
Very good. Sucked me in right away. One of those can't put down, just one more chapters, and then suddenly it's 3 am, type of books. I read reviews before purchasing that the characters weren't very likeable. I didn't have any issues with who the characters were. If they were totally normal women, the book wouldn't of been what it was for me. The characters made this book. Loved it. Can't wait for another one from Paula Hawkins!
Inadequate character development, and the feeling that plot twists were mechanical routes to move the story ahead, left me feeling I could care less for the characters, or how it turned out.  And I did figure out who dunnit way before I could finally finish - and the ending was as bad as the rest.  Only finished the book as it was selected by our book club.  There was a consensus that it was not a book any of us would recommend.
The story began like a slow train ride. I happen to like train travel so enjoyed and appreciated the fantasies Rachel created about the people she saw in the houses at the stops along the way..and then we begin to read the stories of the real characters in the houses and romantic fantasies are in fact nightmarish realities. There is a murder..who done it?  You won't know til yhe very last page or two.  Enjoy!  It is a good read!
I just finished this book and I have to say it was quite the page-turner.  We've been snowed in and getting under the covers with this read helped with the cabin fever.  I couldn't wait to find out what the heck was going on and I like that.  I thought it was very good and rated it 3 stars only because I like to save the 4&5 star ratings for GREAT reads.
Paula Hawkins' The Girl On The Train was hyped as being the next Gone Girl.  If it had been pitched without this comparison I would have enjoyed it as a solid, summer-read thriller.  But Hawkins' novel does not have the same psychological depth or inventiveness of plot twists and turns as Gillian Flynn's book, and therefore I was left wanting more.<br/><br/>If you have also read both books I would love to know what you think!
Sometimes this could be suspenseful...but mostly, it was irritating. I felt incredibly sorry for the main character, but at some point, I simply lost patience with her and couldn't continue reading without negative feelings after that. I believe that some books can be well-written and excellent even if all of their characters are not likable, but this book does not fall into that category. Was happy when the book finally ended.
Even though I solved the mystery about 2/3 the way through, it was still interesting to see the plot play out.  The characters were well defined, and the suspense well planned.  Easy, quick read. Enjoyed the storyline.  Little cursing; generalized sexual content - not too graphic.  Would recommend. Yes, I gave this book four stars - not necessarily for the prose, but for the well conceived story line and fleshed out characters.
Thoroughly engrossing and satisfying read. A page turner that kept me guessing. Same positive verdict from the rest of my book club who selected it. Both character and plot driven for a nice complex storyline. My sister had been trying to get me to read it for ages, and she was right. Highly recommended for losing yourself in a compelling mystery, plus watching to see what the trainwreck of a main character is going to do next!
In general, I found the story line boring, filled with characters lacking in any character.  I only finished it because I felt that it must get better soon to justify the ridiculously high rating in newspaper reviews.  Never happened.  Only read it if you have to for your book club.  I never understand how these Clubs choose their books.  I have participated in several bookclubs and only read a couple of books worth discussing.
This book was really good.  Although it took me quite a while until I got into it, when it finally came together to me (perhaps I'm a little slow?).  I had a hard time realizing that this was the same girl...I thought it was two different people and was confused for a while.  Anyway,  as the story unfolds, it became clearer who everyone was.  The ending was a surprise and it's always nice to be surprised at the end.  Good book.
The plot was weak and under developed. The characters had a name, but no dept. The story read like the author had a good idea , but she just threw the story together. The reader had no idea who the narrators were as they were introduced into the story. To add to my disappointment, they were not realistic or believable. I'm glad this was a short story, or I might not finished it. I can't believe this was on any best seller list.
I had heard both good and bad reviews of this book.  It took me a while to "get into" the story, which is probably a function of both the early pace of the book as well as the distinctly English style and prose.  Once the story took off, however, I was hooked!  It develops into a page turning story and a great read.  Perfect for summer weekends!
I began reading with a bias toward not liking it because I'm a sucker for negative reviews, but I ended up really liking this book. It had a sublime redemptive quality, and I did not find it at all predictable. I also disagree with the simplistic "unreliable narrator" take. I'd say more, but enough's been said already. Just don't dismiss this book because of the negative reviews. I almost did and am very glad I didn't.
I liked the mystery of the book.  I felt it got a little long in places and it was somewhat confusing until you realized who everyone was and how they were connected.  The ending was satisfying.  I was surprised in a couple of places by the behavior of the characters and surprise is a good thing when you are reading a book.  All in all it was a good book - I couldn't say great for me because it felt a little tedious in places.
I belong to the 'Worst Book Club Ever' and we ALL loved this book.  I can't even tell you how many books we haven't completed because someone in the group hates it.  The problem with this book is that no one wanted to stay on pace and several members kept on reading past the stopping point.  This book had real characters that weren't angels or devils, just people.  I never read books twice, but this one is worth the exception.
My book club all agreed that the book was well written for a first novel.  The suspense was there, and I think finally being able to determine the murderer in the last few pages was a plus as the reader waited to see just what would become of that character along with possible victims. We also agreed that the author had done a fine job of making us "not" like any of the characters.  In this book, that was a good thing.
So, this book kept me turning the pages until the end, even though it was unrelentingly grim and there are no characters to like or admire--not a single one. Read it for the roller coaster ride--there are plenty of twists and, if you let yourself go as I did, you'll be kept guessing about the outcome until close to the end. Just don't look for redemption. Whether there is any in the narrator's future is left for you to decide.
Good character descriptions, I didn't like any of them though. Bunch of rotten selfish people doing very destructive things to others & then  lying to themselves about what they really are. The cops, the therapist, even Scott's mom who are minor characters are ugly & sad. One red headed drunk was the only one the author did not throw under the train.  A mystery for sure, but more of a slice of life of mundane disturbed people.
A good, quick read that takes you on a suspenseful ride..
The 3 main women characters were just too stupid to live.
It really  kept  my interest.  Could hardly put it  down.
Great read.  I had a hard time putting the e-reader down.
The brilliance of Hawkins' tale is the pacing; the suspense just sneaks up on you and jumps out like a cat from a dark nighttime alley, landing on your shoulder so you can't adjust.<br/><br/>All the while, there's the train, back and forth, back and forth.<br/><br/>Flawed, creepy, real characters. Great storytelling. Best finished in the daylight.
This is one of those books that you have to read fast because you're hoping the end is better than the rest of the book.<br/>There are no poetic sentences, no great descriptions, no interesting characters, no sublime dialogue, just a horrible paranoid feeling of sadness, vindictiveness, and dread from the three women who inhabit the book.<br/>Somehow, they miraculously changed their demeanor at the end and became heroines.
I wish we could give half stars because I would give this 3.5 I was disappointed in this book. I appreciated the plot twists but sadly, the language was ordinary. This book was certainly no "Gone, Girl." I guess I was taken in by all the buzz. Nicely put together but the characters left me cold, despite the fact that they were unlikeable (my weakness). Train metaphor overdone and annoying but a good read nonetheless.
This novel was compared in some reviews to Gone Girl, which got me hooked right away.  At first I thought it would never compare, especially as the story started out nicely enough but didn't snatch me up immediately.  As I read, though, I NEEDED to see what happened to each of the players in this drama.  Lots of twists and turns, which I love, as they all make sense in the storyline.  This one, too, would make a great movie.
This is a great read for the first 3/4 of the book. The reader is constantly having to revise his opinion of the characters. Sometimes the details Rachel sees from the train are hard to believe although the reader never knows Rachel's state of mind. Shifting points of view add to the mystery. I was disappointed in the ending. The plot was resolved but the writing seemed a little hurried. Not great literature but a good read.
The story started out slowly and i was not able to grasp within the first 2 chapters the essence of the story.  The setting was not clear.  However, once the characters began to fall into place and the story developed, I found myself involved it.  I would recommend this book to others with the provision that they are patient to let the story develop.
The Girl on the Train has drawn a ton of comparisons to GONE GIRL, which seems to be both a blessing and a curse. If you go in without crazy expectations, you'll probably enjoy this dark psychological thriller. The main character is a hot mess and some people will hate her, but I thought she was an intriguing loser and her lapses in memory felt real.
I have to say, once I picked up this book, I could not put it down (I lost some sleep over it).  It is very well written, with each chapter changing from character to character and also past an present.  It was done in a way that it was very easy to follow.  It has romance, betrayal, murder, mystery, self-destructive behaviors and more.  It has been compared to Gone Girl and I have to agree with that.  Fast, thrilling read.
Book was great. Kindle Fire has since frozen and Amazon won't replace it. It is just over a year oldand have had several issues. I will not buy from Amazon again.They do not value their customers. The supervisor said, There is nothing more I can do and am ending this call. And she hung up on me.  Spent alot of money for nothing. VERY DISAPDISAPPOINTED AND FRUSTRATED.  A vey unhappy customer and I will tell everyone my story
This tale delves into the lives of Rachel and people close to her. She is at the center of a murder, which she insisted on being a part of. Her character is in even, wholly unlikable at times other times somewhat sympathetic and thus weakens the overall story. Neither villain nor hero, Rachel's problematic story drives the narrative with speed, stops and slow points similar to the train she rides daily. Good, but not great.
I love thrillers. I love smart thrillers, with compelling characters that show psychological depth. I love a story line with twists and turns that create surprises along the way and an ending I can't predict. The Girl on the Train provides all that and more! I couldn't put it down. Paula Hawkins is my new favorite writer and I just have one question for her: when is the next book? ! ? Really, don't keep us waiting too long.
It took me some time before I could really get into The Girl on the Train.  I found the beginning draggy and a little repetitious, but I decided to keep reading and I am glad that I did.  From mid point on to the end, the books' pace picked up dramatically, and I had a hard time putting it down.  The characters were interesting and unpredictable at times which made for a suspenseful read! Stick with this book until the end!
Gripping, tangled tale.  Rachel's alcoholic transgressions were very believable.  I cringed at some of her choices  - but then there wouldn't have been such a story otherwise, I guess. And I kept reading.  After I read the first chapter or so I wasn't initially very impressed but it quickly picked up and moved along like a fast moving freight train.
It was hard to get started and confusing following each character.  She changes the story from several points of view and times are somewhat confusing.  There are lots of unexpected twists.  Most of the characters are women who like several different men.  The train is a place to observe what is happening in neighborhood back yards in a suburban London area.  What is actually seen and what is imagined is one of the issues.
If your idea of good snappy read is three days with a bunch of despicable, tedious characters, then this is for you.  I like the Gillian Flynn tone, and had the author structured this a bit better, she might have adjusted the weighting of things.  Without giving anything away, you may find yourself frustrated by a laxity of progression and the sheer redundancy of events.  Hawkins is not Gillian Flynn.  Maybe next time out.
Books do not come any better than Girl on the Train. The plotting, the pacing, the characters, all of it, flawless. I was hooked from page one, read it practically in one sitting, and I see why so many people love it. Like Stephen King said, Hawkins nails that alcoholic narrator and uses the device to perfection. GOTT, like Gone Girl before it, is a perfect blend of literary and popcorn thriller. Simply put: a masterpiece.
I may be in the minority, but I did not care for this book or for the characters. Drunk, somewhat delusional young woman inserts herself into a tragedy in awkward ways. The women are either somewhat helpless or otherwise unlikeable. The men are all mean, violent, uncaring, insincere, ready at the drop of a hat to divulge confidential information, or a combination of all these. Don't waste precious reading time on this one.
An easy read.  The narration shifts between 3 women, and back and forth in time, but is quite easy to follow.  The characters are rather flat - that is to say, the psychology isn't very deep or interesting.  A mystery, with a few twists, the ending became predictable before it was revealed.  These large books, with a suspenseful plot - but nothing much else in the way of edification - make me feel like I've wasted my time.
Slow to start but once it gets going, it's a wild ride to the end.<br/><br/>I found the end horribly predictable, even though I kept telling myself that I was wrong.  It wasn't what I thought, too much didn't add up right.  For the amount of build up, the very end of the book happened so quickly that I was shocked and a smidge disappointed.  Definitely a good thriller, the end just didn't hold up to the rest of the book.
This book was a facebook recommendation & I must say, a great recommendation it was!!! The characters were pathetic, devious, calculating, weak, love lost......... I'm not usually drawn to stories like this, but it's told so wonderfully & interestingly that I couldn't put it down!  There is so much of the feelings we all experience in the best & worst of times that I couldn't help but be invested in these "people".
I looked forward to reading this book in part because it has over 34,000 reviews - however I became bored with Rachel's character who was dealing with alcoholism, blacking out at convenient times and feeling very sorry for herself. None of the characters are likable and none are well developed. The story line is OK, but not riveting and the writing isn't that great. I had had high expectations and was sorely disappointed.
Very good, I enjoyed the various characters and how the speakers changed.  Interesting writing and point of view.  Clever setting!!<br/>I would like to have had some more explanations on Megan's history, and felt let down that that was not provided.  The hardest part of writing any book is the end and this one was a little predictable.  But I definitely would recommend this book for its creativity, focus, style and plot!
From the first page, you believe this woman is a victim attempting to struggle through a major recovery of her life. To straighten out what is real and what is fantasy letting herself fall into a daydream because it's just easier, to blame others, and they help her remain the victim. But then she begins in earnest to sort things out and the reader is swept along on her journey. Gripping and it doesn't let go till the end.
After all the hype downloaded the kindle version for a transatlantic flight. What a waste of time. At first the different POV among the characters seemed like it would be interesting, but it was quickly apparent that all the women and male characters were one-dimensional, tedious, and lacked any likable qualities. The dialogue at the ending's "big reveal" was ridiculous and had no credibility. I just don't get it.
This book is very hard for me to rate, or review. It took me a while to get into the story, but once I did, I read it quickly.  The characters are not inherently likable, but that did make them more interesting and real.<br/><br/>Like most novels in this genre, the end felt rushed and a little obvious. Before I finished the book, I would have given it a 5. By the end, it was more like a 3.  I guess I'll settle on a 4...
I really liked this book.  It starts out kind of like a voyeur mystery where Rachel, the girl on the train, observes people in their homes as she rides the train passing their homes and watching them from the window of the train.  She imagines what their life is like and eventually becomes involved in a mystery that involves the very people she is observing. I have recommended this book to others I know who enjoy reading.
OK - Reading this story was a bit like watching a train wreck.....could not take my eyes off the page and had to keep reading! The author's unique way of telling the story was captivating as well. It was like reading each character's thoughts and then weaving it all together, while constantly trying to guess what would happen next. Won't say too much - don't want to spoil the read for those of you yet to pick up the book.
This book exceeded my expectations.  I read it simply because it kept coming up as a recommendation and I was glad I did.  I couldn't put it down.  I love the format of telling it in each person's perspective and the alternating in the timeline.  It can get confusing, but never for a moment did I lose interest.  Some of it was predictable, but not enough to make it not worth reading.  Simply put, I couldn't put it down.
I was a little confused when I started reading the book until I realized that it is written in first person FROM MULTIPLE POINTS OF VIEWS!  Once I realized that, the book was easier to follow.  I've never read this type of writing style before, so it was very interesting to experience it.  You got to know each person intimately by reading their personal thoughts.  The book has a good plot and a really good main character.
The Girl on the Train was very well written and revealed and concealed information in a way designed to keep you reading and keep you guessing. I enjoyed the book and the experience, but I could not give the book five stars because it was frequently confusing going back and forth between three narrators and going back and forth in the timeline. But I highly recommend The Girl on the Train, it was overall a very good book!
Keeps you guessing almost to the end but most will figure it out. This in no way detracts from the suspense. No one appears to be as they initially seem. The protagonist, Rachel, is the epitome of a hot mess. It speaks to the author's skill that I found myself alternating between disliking her intensely and rooting for her. I could not put it down.
I loved this book - I had high expectations for it due to all of the reviews I had read about it, and I could not put it down. I finished it in two days, and I just loved all of the twists and turns throughout the book all the way up until the end. I must say, it was fun trying to guess who the real bad guy was throughout the book, and the end tied things up in such a great way. I highly recommend this one, a great read!
It was good, but the number of characters became a little confusing, since the majority of the book is written in first person, and it will jump from one female character to another female.  You need to get the main characters in your mind first, and then you can get the story line.  It will be as good movie, since it does have a little "mystic" feel in the story, and you are not sure who did  the crime and why..
I was somewhat disappointed. Expected it to be like Gone Girl which I enjoyed immensely. The Girl on the Train was exciting up to a certain point. The technique of using three different voices wasn't very skillfully applied.  They all sounded the same. Same language, same way of thinking, which made the book a bit tedious. Good plot line though, although a bit contrived. A good easy read that doesn't stay long in memory.
I liked it overall but Rachel did tend to ramble on a lot. The blackouts she kept talking about were not my favorite either. I wish she would've had some resolution with Scott at the end instead of him not answering her apology email, it just fizzled and I think he should know what happened. I liked the different characters and their points of view. And I wish authors would stop using the word "bile", just say she puked!
When I first started to read this book, Girl on the Train, I was somewhat bored, so I put it down and did not return to reading it for several months. A friend encouraged me to stick with it, so I started to read it again. I didn't want to put it down; there were so many twists and turns. It was a little hard to get into, but once you did it was a very good ! I would definitely recommend it to people who like  mysteries.
I had made up my mind that this would be like the movie Rear Window but it was very different. Several characters get developed into suggested suspects and you just never know. What kept this from 5 stars for me is that, and maybe I'm naive, I couldn't really believe that many people in close proximity had so many issues. So, although they were hard to believe for me, that many issues made for a truly intriguing story.
I highly recommend reading this book and wouldn't be surprised if it becomes a movie eventually. It is a page-turner story about a young women who is depressed due to her own divorce which she self-medicates with alcohol, and imagines the happiness of another young couple whom she sees regularly at a train stop.  She becomes embroiled in their affairs with many twists and turns including her x-husband and his new wife.
The Girl on the Train works with a very cool style of using the unreliable narrator but I felt as if it kept repeating itself after awhile that I wished for them to start moving the story along.  The twist was ultimately satisfying for me and I did like the multiple narrators...made it feel like Game of Thrones in that aspect.  Overall enjoyable but I think Gone Girl handled the unreliable narrator with greater aplomb.
Don't like the characters & the storyline is ridiculous!
Story is boring and rambling.  I did not finish reading.
It was pure torture to wade through. Would not recommend
Very interesting read. I liked it and kept me intrigued.
Nice job! BTW the Kristof column alerted me to the book.
Cannot believe it has been number 1 on the reading list.
Unpredictable, holds your attention until the last page.
I didn't really enjoy this book at all.  At first I thought I was dealing with someone with 'multiple personalities'.  I found it very 'fragmented' & tried to tie the various personalities all together.  It was a 'mish mash' to me.  Never knew who was a 'real person' & who was morphing into someone else.  Maybe it is the kind of book that one needs to read at least a couple of times to get the personalities straight.
This one kept me interested. As I got closer to the end it was hard to put down. I liked how the author tied the story together, leaving few, if any, loose ends. I don't want to give the story away. As you read the story, you don't realize some of the characters are as twisted as they are. But when you finish, you can see it.  It's a good one. Pick a suspect about a quarter of the way through and see how it develops.
As I read, I found myself becoming more emotionally involved with the main character as time went on,from being embarrassed for her at first to sympathising with her and willing her to solve the mysteries surrounding herself and the missing woman.The plot developed gradually until it became intriguing  -the sort of plot that had me impatient to know how it would end Who could ask for more?It was extremely satisfying.
It took me a couple of chapters to get used to the character development.  Then I was hooked and couldn't wait for each new chapter to see how the plot evolved.  I read books as much for the writing itself as for the plot lines.  However, Hawkins kept me involved in both writing and plot.  I've recommended The Girl on the Train to many friends.  Kudo, too, to the cover designer.  The type face is perfect for the plot.
The Girl On The Train is a very readable "can't put it down" book. Many of the feelings and observations of the main character are easy to identify with - it's hard to empathize completely with someone who has no self-esteem and continually sabotages herself. Yet she continues on because she has some knowledge deeply buried that is nagging at her. That is part of the twisty-turning fascination of the mystery.
When the book started out I was really disappointed in the lead female character.  Although I thoroughly disliked her throughout most of the book, I began to have empathy for her and to understand the things she was going through.  The characters seemed to be weak and simply allowed life to happen.  The book did have a major twist at the end that made it somewhat interesting, but I really couldn't recommend the book.
Finally a work of fiction that kept me up almost through the night!  The most gripping story since "Gone Girl".  Now to find other novels by this wonderful author.  However, that is not always the best way to find a book, since the prior work of Jullian Flynn was a great disappointment to me.  "The Girl on the Train"  will be the beach book of 2015 and I am already trying to cast it in my imagination.
I just couldn't get through it. There weren't any prominent likable characters, they all seemed to be unpleasant in one way or another. The writing seemed sluggish, or maybe I mean tedious. The writer's style did not flow for me. I got to the point where I just couldn't care who did what or how it would end. I couldn't get all the way through it. Very disappointing book considering how many positive remarks about it.
I was so frustrated with Rachel for most of the book. The book is very intriguing, I couldn't stop thinking about it, and I didn't want to put it down. At the same time I didn't want to get sucked in again. It is a great suspenseful read with twists and turns. There are a lot of good things to discuss at a book club. I'm glad I read this book.
I didn't know what to think when I first started reading this. It was a great read, compelling and suspenseful. I was trying to guess who/what, had happened the whole time. It was jaw dropping and interesting trying to piece together the story. Half the time I didn't know who's part I was reading, but it definitely made you think you were Rachel. Trying to figure out the missing pieces to the puzzle! Take a guess...
this was a really good book. I was looking for something as a back up while on vacation and when I found this book at the airport, it ended up being the book I was going to read. this book caught and kept Mt attention so much so that I was able to read it in 5 days which is my personal best. I found myself trying to guess who the murder was and I did predict it, but it wasn't until the end and it still surprised me.
I struggled to get into this book until the very end, as the shifting between narrators made it more difficult to dig into what any one person was saying/thinking. But there were a lot of interesting turns and twists, and the end was very exciting. So it was an enjoyable read, particularly for a book club book, but not great enough that I didn't wish I was reading the book I was reading on my own until the very end.
A very good read but a bit confusing at times.  In the beginning of the novel I felt kind of down and depressed reading about an alcoholic and her broken life.  I almost put the book down.  But I have this compulsion to finish books so I read on.  I am so glad I read on and understand why  the book began  the way it did.  WARNING..... The book will suck you in and you won't be able to put it down.  Very suspenseful!
The characters are complex and as you listen, you suffer a range of emotions from distaste to understanding. Hawkins slowly reveals their stories allowing you to gain understanding even as you want to shake them and say, “Enough, don’t do this.” The tale unfolds from three distinct characters and is broken out in chapter form. Chapters are dated so you are able to connect perspectives and timeline. Rachel our unreliable narrator is the main perspective and we get bits of Anna, her ex-husband’s new wife, and that of Megan the woman whose been murdered.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is addictive from wondering what outrageous thing Rachel will do next to who killed Megan. Hawkins makes you think about what we see when we catch glimpses of others. Have you ever envied a neighbor whose life and family seems picture perfect from those glimpses? Only later you find out things were dreadful. Hawkins will make you as the listener think, as you crave for more answers.<br/>When done right the audio edition of a brilliant novel can add another layer to the characters and story. Clare Corbett, India Fisher, and Louise Brealey brought these characters to life allowing me to feel their frustrations, taste their fear and become completely immersed in the events that took place. I enjoyed their interpretation of the characters. I listened to the last part as I cooked and my hubby was sitting nearby and he became curious.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is the perfect buddy- read or book club read because you will want to talk about it. It has been five days since I listened and I can still hear the characters in my head. I still cringe when I think of things that happened and the way in which characters behaved. When I drive with my husband in the car and gaze out the window at others ..I cannot help but wonder . Copy provided by publisher, full review at caffeinated book reviewer.
Rachel Watson is the heroine of "The Girl on the Train," by Paula Hawkins.  Watson is a despondent and delusional alcoholic who is mired in self-pity.  Her ex-husband, Tom, has remarried, but Rachel remains single, living in her friend's flat, riding the train daily, and keeping tabs on her neighbors. Two other women also narrate their stories: Tom's second wife, Anna, and Megan Hipwell, a woman who lives nearby, have chapters of their own.<br/><br/>We soon wonder whether the troubled Rachel can ever let go of her past, gain control over her drinking, and stop harassing Tom and Anna.  In addition, Hawkins focuses on the relationship between Scott and Megan Hipwell, a "golden couple" whom Rachel enviously observes from her seat on the train.  She vividly imagines what their perfect and passionate marriage must be like. The author reveals, however, thorough the clever use of flashbacks and shifting perspectives, that not everything is as it seems.<br/><br/>One of Rachel's pressing problems is that she dimly remembers a fateful night when she was drunk and may have witnessed something crucial.  Try as she might, she cannot recall exactly what happened.  When a local woman vanishes, the police prove to be slow on the uptake and somewhat ineffectual. Rachel decides to try to stay off the booze long enough to play sleuth.  Unfortunately, her lame attempts at detecting and staying sober make her seem more like Inspector Clouseau than Sherlock Holmes. We feel sorry for this broken woman, and hope that she can find a way to regain her self-confidence and dignity.<br/><br/>This is a stylish and smart whodunit; an intriguing study of the pains and pleasures of marriage and parenthood; and a heartbreaking exploration of how dysfunctional people deceive and wound themselves and others.  The characters are intriguingly complex, and there are a host of juicy red herrings to lead unwary readers astray. "The Girl on the Train" is an assured, fast-paced, and wrenching psychological thriller.
This was an interesting book but it did take some reading of it to really get into the meat of the book. Once I did, the book and characters were. Very well written. This wasn't the best book I read recently but it did hold my interest. It did come together in the end and it was a surprise ending to say the least. I would recommend this book.
This book dragged for me and did so for a really time.  Rachel was stuck for such a long period of time that I began to lose patience with - and then interest in - her character.  However, since I was reading this for our Book Club, I continued to slog through and I'm SO glad I did!  What a wild ride to the end.  The author grabs you by the nape of the neck and won't let go until the last page. Don't miss this one!
It was a good "who done it" but lacked character development. The lead character's self-pity party was a bit hard to follow through the whole book, but overall I think the author raised a few interesting points about the complexity of relationships. It was also interesting to follow the outcome of a seemingly small event that was witnessed by one individual through the repercussions it had on several lives.
This seemed slow and depressing for the first 20 pages or slow, but THEN...I couldn't put it down! Although almost all of the characters are so flawed you just want to shake them, you have to keep reading to find out what happens next. This is one of those books that you keep thinking about the characters even when you are done reading. I love a murder mystery and "The Girl On The Train" did not disappoint.
I couldn't wait to finish this book, hoping the end would clarify my confusion while reading it.  It did, but everything about the book was irritating.  The main character kept harassing and bothering everyone and I felt like she was doing  the same to me.  It has been on all the bestseller book lists for a long time and I always assume (yeah-I know) they are going to be really good stories.  Not true in this case.
Once I picked this book up, I could not put it down.  Hawkins is a brilliant writer of this unreliable narrator genre.  I enjoyed it much more than I did Gone Girl.  As a retired educator who worked mainly in Advanced Placement English teaching, I have to say that I cannot read a poorly written novel, and I have been looking for lighter but arresting material.  This fits the bill perfectly!  I want more and more.!
I think this is a great book. The ending is different from Gone Girl in that it isn't as elusive. I disagree with what some have written about Rachel being unreliable and pathetic. She's just someone who was abused and has a mental illness. In fact, all three women are plagued with mental illness and end up being hurt by the same man. That doesn't mean they are unreliable. In the end, they all have the same story.
It was not my favorite book as I feel that the book could have conveyed values through a more discreet style.  There was a message that she was sending but the finishing lines of the book could have backed that up better.  It handled the drinking problem with an unusual style and physical abuse in a strange manner that made my skin crawl placing those that would be trustworthy into a questionable value in character.
Unbelievable that this poorly written, very amateurish book, is being compared to Gone Girl. What an insult to the author of the skillfully-written page-turner Gone Girl! The depressed and self-pitying women in this book all sound exactly alike! Hard to get through it. Badly done!
This novel follows an alcoholic woman struggling with her broken life that is the result of her drinking. I found the vivid and real portrayal of feelings and situations an alcoholic many times finds themselves in the best feature in the writing. There is a little suspense following a character's murder and a who done it story line. I gave this novel 3 stars because it entertained me however did not captivate me.
Wow!  I've read the glowing reviews, I know it's sold a bazillion copies, and it's probably only a matter of time before it's a Nicole Kidman movie.....but I don't get what's the big deal here.  For me, the novel only kicked into high gear during the last quarter. Up to then, though, it was very slow going.  If it hadn't  been for all those reviews, I'd have given up on it before I even reached that last quarter.
Wow! What a ride! I put Ms. Hawkins on a level with Tess Gerritsen, Lisa Gardner, John Sandford and Jonathan Kellerman. And this is her first novel! Can't wait for the next. And the next... I was drawn in to the characters' lives immediately. The description of Rachel's boozy, buzzy life makes me glad I don't drink much. There are SO many layers to the book. I don't want to give anything away so I'll say no more.
It took a while for me to get into this book, but once things get moving it is well worth the initial effort.  I particularly liked the way the author has three narrators, all with significantly different sets of ideas and needs, although I admit to losing patience with the main narrator. She kept making the same mistakes over and over.<br/><br/>The ending took me by surprise when it was finally revealed to me.
This was a very interesting book. The girl is definitely troubled, but it makes her real. I didn't realize it took place in London, which is pretty cool too. It took me a while to get into her character because she does make so many bad decisions - it was hard for me to relate to her. You also need to pay attention to the chapters and the date for each chapter - the chronology is very important in the story line.
Off to a relatively slow start, the novel gathered steam (no pun intended) and intensity as it progressed.  To keep the characters and story straight, the reader would be advised to pay attention to the chapter titles in order to identify the "speaker." The book would have benefited from tighter editing as the main narrator's repetition and angst became tiresome at times.[or so it seemed to this reader.]
A great unfolding mystery through the last page told from a point of view of three different women. Weaving through time over several months, we learn about each woman and their unique perspectives.  They were alternately heart-wrenching, calculating, parasitic, needy and sad.<br/><br/>Don't read it in the middle of the night.  It colors your dreams and leaves you confused about who you are when you awake.
I thought this was an utter page-turner!  The writer builds the suspense through the main character, a rather pathetic alcoholic who can't seem to get herself out of a downward spiral or make coherent life/friend/ex-husband decisions.  Thus, no one believes her when she suspects she's knows something about a murder, but can't fully pull up the memory.  Then again, perhaps no one is as they seem.  Great book.
This is an impelling read.  It definitely keeps your interest and you feel empathy with the girl.  It also is a revelation for someone like me who doesn't drink much as to how such an addiction handicaps its victims.  This is a book every young person, just getting started with the temptation of alcohol, should read and learn from.  This is not a book to read to get a uplift.  Instead it is a lesson learned.
After hearing many rave reviews I read The Girl On The Train.  The alternating characters at first was very confusing till you got into the middle of the read.  The middle started to unravel to make sense.  I didn't enjoy reading this book as much as I thought.  I was rather let down from all the reviews.  The story may play out better if made into film or television but book form it was all  over the place.
I absolutely could not put this book down. I dreamed about this book when I finally fell asleep at night (not very pleasant dreams, I must add) and woke up thinking about it, so that I felt compelled to finish it instead of doing anything else. Full of twists and turns, great writing, absolutely mesmerizing. I loved Gone Girl, but The Girl on the Train is better. Less gratuitous sex and a much better ending.
This story took awhile to get started.  I was really wondering what was going to happen.  The author does a good job at not giving away anything throughout the book.  I read some of the reviews so I knew something big was going to happen but it took awhile.<br/><br/>It makes sense this will be a movie soon since Dreamworks bought the rights.<br/><br/>Good story and I would recommend this book to readers.
I really enjoyed this book! It is basically told from the viewpoints of three different women-sometimes it flipped back and forth between time periods. Keeping track of the three women was not hard but keeping track of the time  was! It's books like this that make me want the book instead of it being on my Kindle-not so easy to flip back and forth! Very enjoyable book with a surprise solution to the mystery!
This novel has topped the best-seller list for a while now, so it doesn't need my endorsement, but it lived up to the praise it has received. The story was fast-paced; I felt as if I was riding back & forth on a train as I zipped through the chapters, and events unfolded, then twisted around. The title character was sympathetic until you wanted to get in the book and tell her what to do!! Aaarrrgh! Loved it.
Ok read. Came close to being a great read at times, but didn't quite deliver.  At times it seemed very similar to a previous book I've enjoyed by another author. It's Not nearly as good an insight into the unfortunate circumstances that create a stalker such as the Hypnotist's Love Story by Liane Moriarty, but it's a good little bit of diversion. Moriarty's book, on the other hand, is excellent in every way.
Excellent story, and a book I couldn't put down. BUT since I read it on my Kindle, I found it hard to get the time sequences. My only complaint is that by going back and forth in time, and in narrators, I found it hard to follow - at least in the beginning chapters. After I caught on, I realized I had to look carefully at the first page to see who it was and when it was. A really good story and written well.
I have been hearing about this book for months. It drove me crazy, Rachel , Anna, Meghan. Not one single character with any redeeming quality. Took awhile for me to get use to the chapters on by each character. But when I did I could not put the book down.Maybe it I could have enjoyed the book instead of trying to figure out what was going on. Did it entertain me yes. Would I recommend the book in a word no.
Interesting plot, clear writing, but lacks any surprises. You could pretty much guess what will happen by the end of the book. Spends a ton of time on how miserable the main character is, but feels like the book could have spent some of that time delving into some of the more complex aspects of each character (background, history, etc). The book was also fairly short, but it was a good read while it lasted.
Rachel is a very sad, alcoholic woman desperately clinging to her past yet, I found myself endeared to her. Maybe out of pity or understanding or a combination of both.  Either way I found myself rooting for her to regain control of her life and solve the mystery of Megan's disappearance.  The twist it took in the end was unexpected and again a little depressing. All in all an interesting, dark little tale.
This sounded like my kind of mystery book.  What ruined it for me was the main character.  I couldn't sympathize or empathize with her at all.  I know she had some issues but she was constantly getting hit on the head and/or drinking herself into oblivion.  It wasn't until the end that she finally did something about her situation.  I liked the authors writing but not the story - I found it very depressing.
The story moves quite quickly which kept me interested throughout. Switching narration keeps the book entertaining and the authors writing style is smooth and easy to follow. At times I felt the story was contrived which made it difficult to really relax into the story. This is the reason for giving the book three stars.<br/><br/>If you are looking for an easy. entertaining read, this is the book for you.
This was a good book.  Not great, but definitely good.  I would say the main theme of the book is PERSPECTIVE.  We tend to judge people and their relationships based on outward appearances when usually the truth of the person or situation is completely opposite of how we imagine.  You never know what’s going on inside of someone’s head or how happy/sad their lives really are regardless of how it may appear.
Wow! Paula Hawkins captures marital dissatisfaction, boredom, and alcoholism perfectly and then throws in a couple of little murder mysteries. That mix almost sounds too depressing and not an enjoyable read.  However, this was done so well every word was a delight.  Almost every reader will relate to one or more of the themes in this book (hopefully not the murder part).  I loved it and highly recommend it.
With elements of Rear Window and Gone Girl, Paula Hawkins' protagonist--the girl on the train-- uses her habitual familiar views from a train window to put together elements in a crime,  observations that lead to her involvement with the victim's husband. Will her observations help to unravel a grizzly crime, or are they just the workings of an overactive imagination? They keep the reader guessing, as well.
I enjoyed this book and finished it within 2 days (it was a rainy week here).  I did, however, keep thinking it just kept reminding me of "Gone Girl" with the chapters  and narrators being swapped back and forth.  I did, often have to go back and see who was speaking if I had not paid particular attention to the Chapter name.
Wow! Great mystery. I found it very dark and haunting at times but I couldn't put it down. Fabulous who done it and this book holds your attention until the very end.<br/><br/>The book is told in three different voices and the narration is wonderful. I did find the book have quite a few twists and turns and made me question what I thought was my first belief.<br/><br/>Great read.  Definitely recommend.
Entertaining at the beginning and then too repetitive.
Longwinded plot with characters that are not likeable.
It was one of the best books I've read in a long time.
This rather short novel starts off in an intriguing way, a woman living vicariously through the imagined lives of strangers she sees on the way to work. Unfortunately, it devolves into a rote thriller with a rather tedious conclusion with the villain explaining everything to the hero. The main character Rachel is quite interesting, and her struggles with depression and alcoholism deserve a better story.
After all the hype that I had been reading about this book,  I honestly expected to be more interested in finding out for myself what it was all about. I have it be honest. In my opinion it was simply boring. I found it very difficult to even become interested in it from the very beginning. Maybe it's just me, but the twists & turns of it all weren't exactly earth shattering. Quite predictable actually.
Written from perspective of three women of seemingly different natures.  Slow pace picks up towards the end for your climax and surprise.<br/>Made it 4 stars at that point but due to the slow "train speed" up front,  certainly 3 star better than 2 1/2 posted.  Was well written and at times leaned towards the four star category.... keep us chugging along Paula...hoping to see more of your books.
I picked this book because Amazon recommended it after Gone Girl. It was good, very engaging, but not the same page turner as Gone Girl. I enjoy reading novels told from different perspectives, and that aspect did not disappoint. The ending was a bit like other thrillers, and left me feeling a bit cheated. It almost seemed as though the author intended it to go a different way but then changed her mind.
The book started well, but began to drag halfway through, and towards the end it was very tough slogging. I couldn't wait to be finished. One expects a good mystery story to build in suspense, not peter out as this book did . Character development is not necessarily an essential part of a mystery. Even so, the characters in this novel were annoying to hysterical, and I never cared what happened to them.
A throughly enjoyable book, yet I was disappointed with the ending.  The story line is woven in such a way that the reader is lead to believe that it is about multiple personalities.  It would have been much more interesting and thought provoking if each character was truly within Rachel's mind as the reader is lead to believe, as the characters have overlapping traits. The ending was a let down for me!
I kept hoping that I would feel some compassion for at least one of the characters, but through the entire book, I felt absolutely no empathy.  The twists in the plot were interesting, but I did not feel compelled to pick up the book every chance I had.  I finished it because I had devoted so much time to it and wanted to know how the plot revealed the murderer eventually...I had already figured it out.
Slow moving. We know Rachel is ashamed of herself and her drinking. We know she struggles with gaps in her memory. But one day, she just remembered the truth? Far fetched. None of the characters are likeable. Anna is a wuss, Megan has issues (forgivably) and Scott's character is not well developed enough to make a judgement.<br/>I couldn't wait until it was over. I don't see what all the fuss is about.
More than the crime/mystery of the book, I was hooked by the main character of  the book. The author gives a true and honest voice of what it's like to be on the losing end of a divorce. If she seems sad and pathetic, it's because that is what it really feels like to be in that state. The author captures a dark period of time that is hard to describe and then weaves in a good mystery. Loved. This. Book.
This was a little slow going at first. I was a little hesitant at first because it was recommended to me by a friend and I had not read any of the reviews. Once I got into it, I was hooked! I couldn't put it down. There were so many twists and turns that I couldn't figure out "who done it" until the end of the book. I highly recommend this book. Just set aside lots of time to read it all in one sitting!
At first I was turned off by the similarities to "Gone Girl" but midway though I became obsessed with finishing this book. The characters developed slowly but changed from chapter to chapter. Anna was the most fascinating--who will she choose? Nice to see that every character had flaws. Much more realistic. But what became of the red-haired man? I found myself wanting a five-year later epilogue.
i found the book difficult to read.  I  was about 35% through the novel before I began to understand that it was 3 different women telling their story.  I do think that this is when reading the actual book, not the Kindle version, is easier.  It continued to go back and forth in time.  The 2nd part of the novel was much better than the beginning.  It will be interesting to discuss this in our book club.
Do I dare say it? This was almost as good as Gone Girl.<br/><br/>Almost.<br/><br/>While I sometimes felt a little lost at first, I quickly got into the story and couldn't put it down. Wow! What a great ride. I loved that each character was flawed. I loved that they did real thing vs and had real reactions,not Hollywood reactions and conversations. This felt so real. You just won't see it coming. :-)
This was an interesting book because it is all about the thoughts of each of the characters as the lives of each of these people interact.  At first I was a bit confused by reading their thoughts but as it moves forward I wanted to read further to see how their thoughts were blended together.  An interesting way to spin a mystery.
I heard so much about this books from people in the publishing industry before I read it. Everyone raved about this book. The perfect hybrid between literary and thriller, it's the stuff agents dream of.<br/><br/>I liked it. It was entertaining and a fast read, with a couple of twists. The main character was refreshingly normal with some serious flaws, which is so unusual these days. Solidly written.
I really tried to like this book, but I found the plot weak and the story horribly and painfully elongated by a drunk' s blackouts and unreliable memory. We are told that blackouts occur because no memory is created and then suddenly the drunk remembers again. Predictable ending even with the weak introduction of the red haired stranger. How did this book get such reviews? What a waste of reading time.
I could not put this book down. It's better than Gone Girl. It's dark and twisted and keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Raw beautifully written .  If you want a book that you constantly sneak to in the checkout line, waiting outside the school to pick up your children, at work when you're supposed to be doing something else, etc, this is IT.  When I wasn't reading it I was thinking about reading it.
Honestly, I'm struggling to get through this book (3/4 through now so I'm not done). I'm plugging along because that is what I do with books that have been recommended and I've spent money on. I don't care for the characters. They don't engage me. It doesn't thrill me. I don't know London and can't relate. Overall it's just BLAH. Going to complete it though just to find out about the missing woman...
Pretty good, intriguing premise, good first person narrative.  My only complaint was that due to the few number of active characters, it was easy to figure out who was responsible for what was going on.  Perhaps a few more red herrings wouldn't have hurt to keep the reader off track.<br/><br/>But I liked the flawed main character and her inner monologue.  Interested in seeing more from this writer.
The mystery was fine theme and to have the book stay on the #1 seller position says something. I am afraid I like my mysteries  filled with more action and overt clues etc. The breaking down of the characters into each women's part served only to confuse me. Perhaps it might appeal more to the woman reader. I' m really sorry I started to read it as I felt it's got to get better, and for me it didn't.
I devoured this book in mostly one sitting.  The slow reveal of the truth of the situation was handled beautifully by the author.  I usually catch on quickly, but she kept me guessing for well over half of the book.  It is a dark story....and doesn't shy away from the gritty details of alcoholism or binge drinking, but the suspense was palpable.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys mysteries.
I thought the first part of the book moved too slowly with all the "self pity", which was depressing.  .None of the characters won my heart but I think it portrayed the life of those with problems quite well.  I enjoyed the train rides and analysis made of the people and places while riding to and from her "supposed" job.  I would recommend reading it if you enjoy psychological books.
Three narrators, three points of view...where does the truth lie? In this riveting novel, the reader journeys along with Rachel as she struggles to make sense of her alcohol-fogged memories after the disappearance of Megan, who lives down tge street from Rachel' s former husband and his new wife Anna. Loved it, couldn't put it down. Still deciding whose was tthe most chilling voice. Highly recommend.
This was an okay story, nothing special.  The premise was intriguing, but did not deliver for me.<br/>Did not like the characters at all, none of them.  They were all annoying and unbelievable.  I tried Gillian Flynn's books in the past and never could get into them (hated Gone Girl, just didn't get all the hoopla).  I think this is similar to her books.  I will pass on other books by Paula Hawkins.
The Girl on the Train was a suspenseful thriller similar to Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl.  Rachel rides a train everyday and is able to see a young couple through the Windows of their home during the trains stop every morning and every evening.  When the young woman of the couple goes missing,  Rachel finds herself implicated in her disappearance.  This is a must read for those who like a good whodunit.
A pager turner from the beginning.  I thought the author did an excellent job developing the characters.  I actually thought that the characters were more intriguing than the plot.  I was a little disappointed with the ending... it was not all unexpected, and the final confrontation was a little extreme.  However, even with that said, I thought it was an excellent read and highly recommend the book.
At he first few chapters I was beginning to think I made a mistake in getting this book...but, oh my, am I ever glad that I did.  It messed up my sleep at nights because I did not want to put it down.  It is written in such a way that you include all the characters and they intertwine with each other, so you get all the viewpoints.  The plot is a wonderful take and it is going to make a great movie.
Meh, it's a little mysterious for a while, it's a little exciting for a while, and it's somewhat interesting. Enough so to make it a quick and mostly enjoyable read. But it's too much in the head of an an over reactive, neurotic, depressed alcoholic lady with a strange train fascination who mostly brought all her issues on herself and is hard to empathize with. I sure many do, but I had a hard time.
I was on vacation in Mexico and saw so many people with this book. I was super interested so I checked it out. I enjoy a good mystery and this one kept my attention. The only thing that I had a problem with was that I didn't really like the characters in the book and it seemed very easy to figure out who, in the end, was the reason for the mystery. I think it was a good read though and recommend it.
Entertaining novel throughout the entire read. I liked some of the readers better than others. The fun part was there were three readers, so that's not a large complaint. It took me almost until the end of the book to solve the mystery which made me listen for more extended periods of time. (I listened to it on Audible) I would give this book 4.5 stars if that was available. Well worth your credits.
Paula Hawkins writing was excellent, but I disliked the storyline. I grew tired of the main character, Rachel, who was one-dimensional. This is on the best sellers list, but it was a painful read for me. Perhaps, a movie of the book would create more suspense in a shorter amount of time.  I did not find it a "thriller," as described in the review of the book, "The Girl on the Train."
It was a good read.  It kept me interested and I didn't really want to put down the book.  The one thing that stood out for ME, is the part where she admits to wanting a baby so badly, that when she couldn't, she became hardened, bitter and depressed and eventually an alcoholic.  It helped me see into the brain of somebody I know.  I have more sympathy now.<br/><br/>Anyway...it's very suspenseful.
It was a surprising mystery, but I was frustrated by all the characters of the book.  There were no likeable characters, and lots of vomiting by the main character.  It appeared that the author intended to turn her character into a victim by the end of the book to provide some sympathy or understanding for why she has such an awful character.  I just didn't find anything redeemable with this ending.
I'm not sure why this book is on everyone's best seller list.  Maybe because the story line is unique.  There are basically no attractive or redeeming characters in the book.  No one I could buy into or route for.  They were pretty much people I'd want to stay clear of.  Perhaps the author intended to keep the reader unsettled and on edge. I know I breathed a sigh of relief when I finished the book.
I actually didn’t like this book at first. The main character wasn’t someone I could relate to. And I am not a big fan of chapters flipping back and forth between characters’ dialogs. I knew how popular the book was and I had seen the author on a talk show discussing the novel, so I persisted. I am glad I did. It became very suspenseful with surprises along the way and a twist at the end. Well done!
This book was imaginative and gripping.  Definitely not your typical thriller or protagonist. The women in this book are complicated and as the layers peel away you get to learn a little more, not just about them, but about how the human mind works. Rachel, the main character and narrator is sympathetic in spite of herself.  The others are a harder to know. I would consider this a literary thriller.
I saw this novel on the best seller list so I decided to read it. I cannot really judge it accurately because it is not my type of novel. The first few chapters were complex and slow but I stayed with it. As the pieces came together the story held my interest. The fact that I finished this book speaks for itself.  It is possible I should have given it four but for me it was not a rapid page turner.
Clever idea -- the train, a girl looking into the houses that line the track as she passes daily, the things she sees, the things she imagines, making up stories of other people's lives. Then the pile of clothes, the unexpected scenario, the unreliable narrator, the different voices and all the possibilities. What makes this most readable is that one wants to know who did it; the writer has you guessing -- it could be one or the other, or even another. At one point everyone seems guilty. It drives the narrative -- that and the train.
I was immediately drawn into the characters and their development.  The steady paced building of suspense was thrilling and suspenseful.<br/>It was challenging to not want to read ahead to reach the ending, but the properties of reading on a Kindle denies one that ability.  I must admit that I sometime do that with regular books. Kudos to Kindle for making me wait to end of my reading experience.
Hated it!  Comparison to Hitchcock is insulting.  If you like drunks that black out again and again and AGAIN and guess what "I can't remember", taking forever to get a story told, this book is for you.  It took patience to get to the end because it was the same thing over and over and anyone could guess the end.  Kept on reading waiting for this book to stand up to the reviews-it didn't..
I could not put this book down! The girl on the train is a riveting read about a commuter, who thinks she might have a clue to help local  authorities regarding a missing person.  The problem is, she really isn't certain she has all the pieces to be considered a reliable witness, but Rachel decides to tell authorities what she knows. The story is enthralling and suspenseful.  A rollercoaster read!
The graphic violence is only a small part of this book and is somewhat necessary to tell the story. I would recommend this book despite this. Paula does a great job making you feel some detest for Rachel, the main character but you must continue to read on. The last part of the book takes you into the lives  of almost all the characters and their faults and heroics. Don't get fixated on the dates.
I didn't particularly like The Girl On the Train, although it kept me reading to see what might happen in what was a not very satisfactory end. I didn't like it because I am absolutely sick and tired of reading novels with totally dysfunctional characters. I know a lot of people are dysfunctional in the real world: I just don't find it enlightening or entertaining to read about them. Nola Shelley.
After reading about halfway through this tedious novel I gave up and jumped to the last 20 pages to find out who killed whom. The excessive wordiness and the slow pace of the book caused me to lose interest after the first 50 pages. I forced myself to read further because it's popularity suggested that I must be missing something of value in this book but I was mistaken. It was a waste of my time.
Whats all the hype about this book?  Read it and discussed it to great length with my bookclub.  None of us enjoyed or supported any of the characters in the book - I found myself getting annoyed by their actions, not wanting to take a stance with them.  The layering of the stories was perhaps the only interesting facet to this book.  Glad I've read it but our Book Club concluded it is NOT a must read.<br/><br/>Must reads are The Orphan Train, Gone Girl, My Husbands Secret, The Rosie Project, Where did you go Bernadette, Sarah's Key, Unbroken, Me Before You.
Rachel Watson leaps straight off of the pages of this Gillian Flynn-like novel with multiple narrators<br/>and varying views of reality from its characters. What is real and what is imagined becomes the mystery<br/>buried beneath the half truths and lies that spring from their self-serving imaginations in this page turner that<br/>will entrance readers of Gillian Flynn.The reader slowly slips into the narrator's stream of consciousness and<br/>is caught up in a world in which reality is always in question. I didn't want it to end.
This book would make a good movie.  Suspenseful and descriptive without being too dramatic.  I think the author captured the curiosity you have while looking out a train window at homes, glancing briefly into others lives, thinking you know them but it's only your imagination that keeps you wondering.  We've all experienced a playwrights mind in that instance creating characters and conversations.
If you've ever been through some tough stuff, this is very relatable. I highlighted so many things in this book because I've felt so many of the exact same things. This book hit really close to home in more than one way and I know its one I'll never be able to get out of my head. Definitely one of those books that sticks with you and makes you think a little differently. Just WOW! Two thumbs up!!
This book kept me interested until the end.  I did figure the whodunnit about a third of the way through (which was disappointing, as I prefer to be jolted at the end), but I stayed with the story to see how the narrator would figure it out and to make sure I was right.  The author skillfully wove the accounts from an unreliable narrator into a tale that the reader has to unravel.  I recommend.
At first I had trouble keeping the characters clear......I had to keep back-tracking to see which person the next chapter was about.  Once I had that under control, the book is a great read - not what I expected at all!  Towards the end I figured out the 'who done it' but loved the style of this book.  Will I read this book again?  YES, for sure!  If you are looking for a great read - this is it!
I think it was a good story, well developed. However, it dragged toward the middle of the book. I also think the development of the characters could have been more distinct; they were too much alike and you had to depend on the chapter title to know who was talking at the time. There are too many similarities in the way they thought and talked.  The author could have developed them more uniquely.
Thought it was different, expected something like rear window, It was anything but. I suspected the killer toward the end. It had multiple first person narrators. And it worked. I remember reading that Wuthering Heights  was criticized for it' multiple narrators. However trey were all observers. These all had something In common as they advanced the plot. I said dark, but it was also suspenseful.
What a fantastic enjoyable scary and thought provoking story. It keeps you on your toes never knowing what will happen next. Definitely a great murder mystery novel. I love how the author gets into the head of each character. Very interesting to learn each ones perceived weaknesses and how a goo d mate can help them. I was scared to read this at first since my brother was killed on a train.......
If you hated Gone Girl, you'll hate this. If you enjoyed Gone Girl, as I did, you still might not like this. Other reviewers have done a great job reviewing the weakness of the characterization in this novel. One loses patience for the lot of them. Interestingly, though, I felt compelled to read to the end to find out if my (eventual) guess was correct. If I had to do it again, I'd skip this one.
This was a mediocre read.  Others compared it to Gone Girl which was a trashy beach novel at best.  The Girl on the Train was better written and was certainly able to convey a decent story without stooping to literary profanity that insults the reader's intellect the way Gone Girl did.  All in all it was an ok read however it was not good enough to entice me to seek out other work by this author.
I really enjoyed this book.  It keeps you reading to the end.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that it was a little hard to follow in the beginning.  I kept going back to see who I was reading about.  (And that it was truly a cast of characters you love to hate).  There were a lot of twists and turns and when you thought you figured out what was going on, it went in another direction.
Great read, well written, twisted plot. Characters are awful people and I was so frustrated by their bad behavior. But there was something about poor Rachel that I liked, she is pathetic but not hopeless. I loved the story and how you hear from each woman's side of things. We can all be those normal women who do something awful to the men we love and for the men we love. Alcoholism is disgusting.
This book was not as good as I had been led to believe that it would be. It's narrated by three different people and at first, it's hard to understand who they are and who's talking about what. It was very confusing until the characters were all straightened out. The names of the narrators should be in a darker font, as well, because it is easy to miss the names on the Kindle as you are reading.
Filled with lots of twists and turns, this mystery thriller is a real goodie!  It starts slowly, gathering momentum as each chapter passes, until the exciting conclusion comes at you like an oncoming train.  Once I got into the meat of it, all household tasks were put aside until I finished.  Yes, I can see the comparisons to Gone Girl.  If you like the one, you will undoubtedly enjoy the other.
Great book!  Keeps you turning the pages to find out what has happened. Everyone in the novel is highly flawed, and none of the narrators are reliable.  That the author can still keep you engaged is a true testament to how well she has developed the characters and plot.  People compare it to Gone Girl, but it reminded me more of Rear Window.  Creepy, suspenseful, and the pace moves along nicely.
The main character imagines the life of a couple she observes from the train on her commute, reminiscent  of the movie, Rear Window.  Something many of us probably do as we people-watch. This character, however, gets involved with the couple she has watched.  She seems to be a nosey nuisance seeking to be important.  The story grows through the viewpoint of three characters to an unexpected end.
I thought it was a fairly good read but definitely overhyped. The constant switching of perspectives had me looking to the chapter header often to make sure I knew whose voice it was I was reading. Rachel seemed overly pathetic and not interested in change. Her actions became repetitive which elicited eye-rolling on my part. I wanted to like her but just couldn't seem to invest in the character.
Four stars is a very good rating from me, because I really am not fond of fiction.  I just read it because I have heard a lot of talk about it.  I know Paula Hawkins is considered one of the best modern day writers.  However, I don't care for filthy words that don't really add anything to the plot.  It was a good character study of those in the story, and the plot kept you interested to the end.
God it's so great reading a book you can't put down, such a unique feeling in life which there is no substitute for.  I haven't come across a book like that in a while but thankfully I came across this book. I read it in three days. Really fast paced and interesting and anything unrealistic you don't even notice because it was so well laid out.  I hope this author keeps writing. Excellent story.
I wanted to like this book, I really did. It got great reviews, and I was excited to dig in. What a disappointment. I saw myself in some of the characters, but they became stupidly predictable and unrealistic. The whole plot was unrealistic, to be honest. I also had a hard time just getting into the book. I took frequent breaks while reading it because I just kept getting bored with it. Oh well.
I watched an interview with the author on CBS Morning News.  She talked about her book, a story about a girl who travels the train daily and becomes involved in the lives of those she sees from the train intrigued me.  I was really glad I purchased this book.  I would highly recommend it.  I can see why it made the Best Sellers list - it has to be about the best story I have read in a long time.
This book was listed as a must read in a magazine I read, so I had great anticipation. I thought the book was just okay. I kept reading because I wanted to get to the end, but I felt like skipping ahead. It was somewhat a depressing story, and you do feel for the main character, but at the same time I just wanted to tell her to get off her ass. It does keep you in suspense and has a good ending.
Expected a better story from a NY Times best seller. Really hard to get into the story line and three first person confusing, repetitive. Kept waiting for something to happen then re reading the same dreary and depressing story from three very sick women. Only came together the last three chapters.<br/><br/>Those chapters, however, were bizarre and ending unexpected. Wish I'd saved my money.
Paula Haskins created a deeply flawed main character who alternated between disgusting, nothing, to empathy.  The story telling by the three women in the drama was innovative and intriguing.  The story was an equal to "Gone Girl" and also leaves the reader with a satisfaction with the ending and the hint of something else even worse around the next bend even as the credits are rolling.
Girl on the Train kept me entertained, and I quite enjoyed the twisty ending.  This isn't a story with credible, fleshed out characters, but that lends itself to the protagonist's alcohol-bruised, myopic view of the world.  Drunk with tunnel vision, irrational desires and failures of common sense, GOTT is one, lonely woman's suspenseful journey from her boozy black-outs to sobriety and sanity.
I enjoyed the true train wreck of this book- at times, I was so irritated with the main character and her drunken pity party that I wanted to throw the book across the room but then I couldn't, because I wanted to know how the story untwisted.  Indeed what a twisted story it was.... at any rate, in the long run, I'd recommend it if you can stand some mopey, black outs from the main character.
This is one of the best books I have read this year!! Its not what you would expect. And it takes a long time to get to a point where you sense a mystery. But the characters are so developed and intriguing. I love how the main character seems like a nut case but the whole book throws you for twist after twist until you see how not crazy she is. I really want more, though the ending was great.
Engrossing from the beginning but then had some difficulty with time frame. Once I worked out the what was happening I was unable to put the book down. The characters were believable and variable. I had sympathy for Rachel and it was confronting to read  about her issues and how her mind worked and the resultant problems. The story was well constructed and thought provoking. A very good read.
"The Girl..." kept showing up on the NYT best sellers list.  So, I ordered it on my Kindle.  I knew it was a psychological thriller.  To me, the story moved way too slow.  Maybe I expected a little more excitement.  I had no sympathy for "The Girl."  Throughout most of the book, she was a drunk and loser.  I'm sure I missed something since so many people made it a best-seller.
I was immediately swept up in this book. The character development was believable and thorough. The insight into their lives was creepy and real.  Real lives are messy and unhappy sometimes. I thought this book brought that to light and then preceded to twist it and distort it till you were on the edge of your seat. I was slightly disappointed with the ending,but I would totally recommend it.
While the story sounds interesting and is done through first person narrative of three different women, it does not lead anywhere and there are no new events to keep it going. The same instances are repeated over no over again until it is time to 'spill the beans', which frankly could have been done anytime after the first 100 odd pages.<br/>Slow, boring and repetitive. Nothing more to it...
Many books may have an untruthful narrator - this one had three which made the book a very fun read, especially given the grimness of the tale. The sudden 180 degree turnaround of one of the min characters - from a self-pitying, sniveling alcohol I to a woman of clear thinking action - was a little jarring, but all of the characters were well-drawn and tied together by a propulsive narrative.
I would give this book 4.5 stars. Very entertaining. The book resembles a mix of a modern day Hitchcock movie and GONE GIRL. The characters are complex and seriously troubled. The book will take you on quite a ride. So many twists and turns. Cannot give it away. It is destined to be a movie. It would make a great movie.
Easy to put down. Kind of boring at first.  Not at all the thriller it is made out to be and not what I expected.  If I put it down, I had to think about who was who when I picked it back up.  Right away I figured the bad guy to be one of two people and as I got near the end I had no trouble at all figuring who did it.  Don't know how it ever made the Best Seller's list.  Fairly predictable.
While it might seem to be more of a "chick" book I'd recommend it to anyone who likes suspense. It's little difficult to get into as its told by different characters and it goes back and forth in time a bit. But just as I guessed what may have happened to Megan, I also realized that I was probably wrong. The book is very well written, suspenseful, and keeps the reader guessing "who done it!"
This is not my favorite genre but was recommended by a friend. This book is fairly well written and I like the changes in point of view and points in time,  however the protagonist is made out to be too much of a victim for my taste and the attempts to divert the reader from figuring out who the killer is were disappointing and predictable. Several ancillary characters were poorly developed.
Not the fastest moving book so a little difficult to get into. A very interesting story. Different than i would normally read. I got the book on a whim in order to use up my audible credits since I have been reading more than listening lately.<br/><br/>The main character's alcoholism was very sad and believable. Overall a good read (or listen in this case) and I'd recommend it to a friend.
Thoroughly enjoyable!!! I lived in England and rode the train on the south coast on a daily basis to and from work.  There are all sorts of events that happen, like the couple carrying on an affair on the train.  Train would get to my stop and both of them got off at my stop.  The man's wife picked him up from the train station, the wife none the wiser.  Brought back funny and fond memories.
This book was the best I have read all summer! It is the only book that I have read in my lifetime in less than 24 hours. It is nothing like Gone Girl! For any other reviews stating that it is hard to follow Rachel's thoughts, I disagree. I thought the alcoholic character in her was very realistic. I recommend this book to any adult wanting a fast, beautifully written summer read! Excellent!
Found the book to be a struggle and was glad when I finished it.  Following the lead character (Rachel) was exhausting with her alcohol problems. The author left out some answers to questions that I had in my mind:  who tipped the police about human remains buried in the garden?  What eventually happened to Scott and Anna?<br/>Would not recommend this book to any of my book reading friends.
After enduring my wife's prodding to read this book hovering atop the best seller list for so long, I read it, and marvel with great admiration at the superb marketing that propelled a middling story of totally screwed up people to make so much money. It's not that there is anything wrong with it--after all I kept reading,but wonder why. I still recommend it if you have nothing better to do.
A friend told me this was every bit as creepy as Gone Girl. I would disagree. It had me guessing for awhile but about 2/3 of the way through I guessed who the bad guy was. It also lacked the sheer horror factor of Gone Girl. I remember reading that one and wondering if there were really people that twisted in the world. The bad guy in this one was bad, but not psycho twisted. Just my opinion
I really, really enjoyed this book. The writing is engaging and it keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time. The characters are great. The big problem is that I easily figured out whodunnit and why about halfway through the book, which is kind of a bummer. The author made it way too easy. Still, it was a fun enough book that I gave it four stars. It really deserves no more than 3.5.
I was pleasantly surprised with this book. At first it was slightly boring but I had to keep reading. The way the story is told, I days, from points of view, I could see the mystery and I needed to know what happened. Was the drink really as crazy as she seemed? Was Anna as innocan't as she acted? Who was the unnamed man.... The one who "couldn't keep doing this"? This book is worth reading.
This book is well written and beautifully plotted. As a writer myself, I am a fierce critic. Not once did I doubt the characters. Not once did any of their voices falter. Not once did the author slip or fumble my suspension of disbelief.<br/>The most brilliant plot mechanism is the use of two timelines. You know they are going to meet, the question is how.  I also love poor, flawed Rachel.
I just finished reading this book as I savored it over several weeks.  Because each chapter alternates between characters, I sometimes found myself going back to the start of the chapter to remind myself which character it was I was reading about.<br/><br/>I enjoyed how all the characters tied together as well as the outcome, which was not what I was expecting.  I really enjoyed the read!
I enjoyed reading this book even though halfway through I figured out the "who dunnit". I think everyone can identify someone they know similar to the main character. That one person who always seems to have some kind of issue and story going on that you just don't know whether to invest the energy of befriending. Told through the point of view of three women, it ties together well.
The protagonist apparently had blackouts every time she got drunk so the murderer could manipulate her.  Didn't seem very realistic.  The murderer at the end and upon disclosure had a villainous personality which wasn't ever indicated in the earlier part of the book.  The helpful roommate was so "patient and understanding" which became unbelievable.  I would not recommend this book.
This was a good and fast read for me. I would not say it is the best book I have ever read but I have certainly recommended it to friends and family who are avid readers. I enjoyed the character development and how the author told it from different character's points of view. The way it was written made it hard to put down and very fast paced.<br/><br/>All in all, an enjoyable summer read
I liked the character development of each woman in the labeled chapters. The men were a little more vague but that helped sustain the mystery. I did guess "who done it" correctly about half way through but the "why" was harder to figure out. Even with knowing, it still held the suspense and my interest. I'm undecided about how it ends. I will probably go back and read the last two chapters.
This book is made up of a cast of awful characters largely doing awful things. It's a promising story that takes too long to unfold and ultimately is unsatisfying.<br/><br/>With that said, if you are a new reading or are looking for a lazy beach/vacation read and enjoy the likes of dan brown you may appreciate this page turner...otherwise there are literally hundreds of better books to be had.
I didn't know what to think about this book before I bought it but I thought I'd give it a try. I'm glad I did. I got it as an audiobook for my road trip from San Diego to Baltimore. I believe this book is the soul reason my husband and I were able to be in the car together for 40 hours without bickering. We found ourselves picking out actors to play each character. The book is a must have!
The book held my interest.  I read it aloud to my husband on a long trip and he wasn't as intrigued with it as I was.  The characters each have a fatal flaw which damaged their lives and each were coping with previous emotional wounds.  Overall, it was an interesting read even though sometimes the characters were one dimensional.  You could predict how they would respond to most situations.
Really enjoyable read.....well organized, well written,  and clever enough to keep you reading and guessing.<br/>Finished it over a long weekend and was entertained the entire time. Didn't give it 5 stars because I had some suspicions as it moved along. However, nothing could stop me from finishing and finding out if I was right or wrong with my hypothesis....the sign of a good mystery. :)
Ugh.  So silly and stupid and superficial and cheap.
Hated The girl on the train,  didn't even finish it.
What's all the hype? The plot isn't even believable!
I did not like it at all . I couldn't even finish it
Worst book I've read in a long time . Annoying !!!!!
was not expecting such a good read, it was very good
Great character development. I couldn't put it down!
Worst book i ever read. Didn't get half way thru it.
This is a very good mystery and I really enjoyed it.
All men are violent and abusive to women, as betrayed by this author.  Many women are whores and alcoholics and are stupid, so the author believes.  Not a pretty picture of metro London culture.  Every character in this book has an abnormal life.  If you are looking for an uplifting story, don't bother with this book.
I kept reading hoping that I would get to the end ASAP.  I got tired of all the jumping around with flashbacks and then back to the present as well as jumping from character to character trying to keep them straight.  I just wasn't worth it to me to have spent so much time on such a disappointment.  I believe that there might be some readers who would find the book passable, but i did not.
To me it was a slow starter.  "The Girl" was a sorrowful character making up stories that became a serial in own mind.  However, once the characters took real life they were much more complex than originally described.  I got interested, and really enjoyed the story and the eventual outcome.  Besides, I always thought British trains were so given to be participants in such a story.
I read this book in less than a day. From beginning to end I was captivated by all the twists and turns. Ms. Hawkins is an incredible writer. Each character is so complicated that you want to reach out and smack some sense into them. But as the story reveals more about each character you see their human frailties. The story kept me at the edge of my seat. Fabulous read. I give it a 4 star.
Honestly I do not understand how this book gets on and stays on the best seller list!<br/>It is really ho-hum----and some of the books on the BS list have been there so long<br/>while others (new ones) get passed over.  Really have never understood their way<br/>of chosing.  Now, one that is wonderful is "All the Light that ever was"---an<br/>inspiring story and lovely writing.
This is a well written book. It captures the essence of each of the characters and allows you to envision them as the author intended. Of course, there is a little predictability towards the later chapters, but nonetheless it is a well written, intriguing book. No doubt it will be a hit movie, but it will be hard to capture the story as well as the author did. I highly recommend this book.
It was a quick read that kept your interest to a point but there are absolutely no endearing characters in the book.  Every person in the story has issues.  There is not one character to route for.  They are a cast of characters with no morals.  Unlike a thriller like Gone Girl where you could get behind someone this just didn't do it for me. Just bad people doing bad things to each other.
The main character is clearly an alcoholic and the author's insight about alcoholism is accurate.  However, she did not capture the true reality of the disease and did not show how the one thing an alcoholic wants to do is to stay sober and have the compulsion to drink lifted.  The book was also too long for the story being told.  There was also nothing redeeming about the end of the story
I have read that the purpose of a novel is to teach you something.  What you from this novel is don't drink yourself into blackouts, because really bad things happen that you won't recall.  After I finished this book, I felt icky for having been sucked in to devouring it to find out what happens--sort of like regretting eating too many chocolates.  There is nothing redeeming in this novel.
I read gone girl and I honestly loved it such an original story. So when I read the reviews comparing this book I thought what the hay. This book did not disappoint. There were some<br/>Sections that I wish had a warning label but I have read darker books. I thing I liked the best is the "hero" or main character is normal troubled even somewhat  disturbed which made the whole story more.
I listened to this novel in audio format and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The story is suspenseful, and interesting, but I think the that 3 narrators do a fantastic job of enhancing the effect of the narrative. Bravo Paula Hawkins for creating such convincing characters, and a congrats to the sound team for making a book I had to listen to a second time, just to hear how well it was produced.
I thought this was a fabulous book.  Could not put it down.  Reminded me a lot of the "Gone Girl".  It definitely kept you on the edge and it had a great ending.  I liked that it was written in alternating persons, so you saw it from each one's view.  I won't go into any details as I don't want to spoil it for anyone, but it is a great book and look forward to more of her writing.
Interesting lead character with few positive qualities, kind of like most of us at our all time worst. You want to yell at her at the same time you want to help her and hope she comes out on top. The writing is brilliantly salted with small inconsistencies and mental blocks, creating the multiple mysteries in small doses. I was especially pleased with the well written and through wrap up.
More entertaining and fun than I ever expected. I just kept thinking 'what's is she doing!' Though out the whole book. Moves along and I just had to keep reading it every chance I got. Of course a murder mystery isn't supposed to be humorous but I had to chuckle a number of times. The absurdity I guess. I am not big on fiction but I do enjoy an entertaining read. Very recommended as such.
Incredible story....Loved it!  Three people have voices throughout the story that keep you captivated and on the edge of your seat.  Rachel's voice was different ... like she was saying what she felt and it was unfiltered and scattered.....like she was the train wreck!  Began the story thinking one thing and was surprised by the twists that got me from the beginning to the end.  Loved it!
Twist follows turn in this complicated mystery. The story is told through the eyes of three women each of which have unstable lives. The first is Rachel, the ex-wife of Tom, next, Anna, the "other woman" who is now married to Tom. They have a baby, Evie. The third is Megan, married to Scott and who lives four houses down from Tom. Early in the novel, Megan goes missing, the story follows!
Disappointing. This novel's  best part are the descriptions of the thought processes of the narrator especially in connection with her drinking. Well done. However, the plot line is fairly obvious and not unique. Writing is good but not exceptional. Suspense is middling. A lot repetition makes the book hard to read on a sustained basis. I could only get through about 50 pages per sitting.
A fast read albeit a bit choppy and contrived. The book's non-linear diction, with short snapshots of one character broken into even smaller pieces, was a bit disconcerting. The writing itself was fine. The story line's backbone lies with the main character's blackouts, which is a bit of a contrivance. An easy but bumpy read, very much like a train ride, the book does have its brilliance.
No happy endings here.  I finished this book quickly because I could not put it down.  I enjoyed the characters even though all of them were miserable and I really disliked some of them.  I had asked some friends and co-workers questions about the book which they refused to answer.  I am so glad they refused to answer those questions.  If you want to find out more, open the book.  Enjoy!
Recommended by a friend, I gave this book a try without reading any reviews. I know it is on the 'Best Seller' list, but I found it boring and rather slow paced at times. Good writing but not great. Depressing. Plot was different. Good character development. I don't enjoy book that go back and forth between characters though. Each chapter switched back and forth. Would not recommend it.
Although I did think this title was engaging, the characters were all so flawed that I found it to be a bit depressing and frustrating.  If you like film noire, this will be an enjoyable read.  However, if you like to see characters grow or be redeemed or you like hopeful/happy endings, this one will not be your "cup of tea"!  Glad I read it.  Glad I won't have to read it again!
I did not enjoy reading this book because the main character was a drunk and was prying into other's business. She seemed to have many mental issues as well. The ending was a surprise and may justify the means of telling the story the way it was told, from the point of view of 3 different women whose lives are entangled. I would not recommend this to others unless they enjoy dark drama.
I rate a book on how well it held my attention and whether or not I look forward to picking it back up each day.  This book fit both criteria.  A really good read and I liked the authors writing style.  If you're reading this review, you probably already know the plot from other reviews.  Just go for it.  Characters are complex and full of faults but hey, thats what makes it a fun read.
Loved the telling of this story, very well read and characters developed at right speed.  I listen to audio books as I have a long commute to/fro work.  I was quick to learn that a good audio book is 100% dependent on the quality of narration.  Nothing is worse than too much inflection, making characters and their conversations unbelievable.  I would certainly recommend this audio book.
Paula Hawkins hit one out of the park with her first effort. This was an amazing ride that was difficult to put down. As we watched Rachel spiral down ever further into self-doubt, we learn that not everything we see is as it actually is. It turns out the both Rachel, Anna and Megan were all riding the same train, with the same engineer, only at different times. Intelligent and intense.
As unreliable narrated stories go, this on is a doozie!  As the story unfolded I found myself following the twists and turns avidly, and reinterpreting the narrator over and over.  The basic set up required a stretch of imagination for me, but once I slipped into her world I couldn't stop.  This was one of those books that I found myself losing track of time, and I enjoyed it very much.
Although the story is slow to get into because of its unique style of changing first person speakers, it turns out to be a page turner. It is well structured because the reader does not consider Tom as the killer until Rachel finally remembers him with a woman at the underpass. A good read. By Alice Dennis Kennedy, author of the new novel, THE SCAR, but itand Extraordinary Circumstances
Suspense, thriller, plot-twister. Downloaded before bed last night and finished this morning. Worth every last cent. Wish I could have found it in paperback in town, but settled for the Kindle version. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys suspense and mystery. Characterizations are amazing. Author did a fantastic job fleshing this novel out. Writing is morose and beautiful. Five stars.
I enjoyed The Girl on the Train for the most part.  I would have given this book 5 stores, but I was somewhat frustrated with how pathetic the protagonist was in the first half of the book....although, I believe that was to create  mystery.!?!  I couldn't get enough of the last half of the book.  Every chance I got I found myself reading this book, to get to the bottom of what happened.
Dont know why I got this book, because nothing exciting out there at the moment....I am a "thriller" type junkie.....Baldacci, Patterson, etc:<br/>So this book was downright sad.  Had a few good moments, if you like white trash novels.....who lives next to train track,  ( none here in<br/>Beverly Hills)...oh what the h____.<br/>Waiting for another thriller novel ...<br/>HELP
I absolutely loved this novel. The depth of the character development and richness of the emotions of every character is amazing. I was so emotionally invested in every character right from the beginning. Absolutely riveting storyline, and it had me trying to contemplate the plot twists the whole time, and then I was always surprised. Well done, Paula Hawkins. I was extremely impressed.
What a terrific book! Brilliantly done, what a blast. There are many wonderful surprises in store, certainly, with plot and character and also how the story is told. Even better, though, is the clear concise writing and perfectly drawn characters, Rachel, the lead, in particular. The less you know the better. Get this book and enjoy. I cannot wait to see what Hawkins comes up with next.
Story is slow at first and a little confusing, but then becomes clear after several pages. It is interesting and sad and a mystery that is solved by a woman who is an alcoholic with accompanying blackouts.She has trials that seem to be insurmountable but has more strength than she ever thought she did. Unique story line, surprisingly powerful lead character, wonderful book. I loved it.
Rachael is broken, and as she mends, then undoes the mending, and then mends again, I cared.  I wanted her to be whole, even though I predicted what had happened early on.  One sentence tells the story, but if you are not paying attention you might miss it.  This is one of those books that is easily devoured on a rainy day, or a day at the beach.  It is a book you miss when it is done.
In the beginning I wasn't paying attention to the titles of each chapter and the dates.  Once the plot started to unfold and the dimensions of each character developed I went back and reread first few chapters. Then the unfolding story made sense.  In the end I was glad I stuck with the book which provided food for thought about some of the serious social issues the author delved into.
Great concept and touches on some intense issues that people deal with but aren't in discussed in real life. Not quite "the next Gone Girl", but a good story nonetheless. Slow start. I wanted to throttle the main character for the first 30 pages, but that might have been intentional. Ending was good, but fell off quickly and could have used more resolution after the denouement.
I did not enjoy this book.  It kept me guessing for most of the book, but it felt like a chore to read because I did not like the main character who was an alcoholic loser.  I did not particularly like or dislike the other characters, but Rachel just kept getting more and more despicable.  Once I start a book I always finish it, but this was one of the harder ones I've labored through.
This story delves into the darkness and weakness of the human mind and gives the reader a glimpse, perhaps an explanation, of how women get caught up in abusive relationships. It left a few unanswered questions (what happened to Scott, Anna, and Rachel in the end?) and the character development suffers for the sake of the plot twists. These flaws aside, it was a good stay-up-late read.
I really enjoyed this book mostly because it kept my attention from the very first few chapters.  Also, I never guessed the ending which was a nice surprise.  I do agree with other reviews stating that if you read and enjoyed "Gone Girl" then you will this one as well.  The thing with this book is it actually has a conclusive ending....whereas Gone Girl left you hanging more...
Then you'll love The Girl on the Train.  I enjoyed the character of Rachel, an interesting perspective on life.  But I found the male characters to be unbelievable and under developed. Also, I'm honestly not a fan of this type of book regardless.  I didn't enjoy Gone Girl or Into the Woods or similar.  I have a feeling this book is fav of those who did enjoy the murder mystery variety.
This was a great read, I was gripped, and enjoyed the setting being on the train and the back and forth. A clever book, with twists and turns to the end. Even though I did - sort of - guess the ending before it started to unfold, I liked the way it finished and that it was ultimately uplifting. I read the book in one sitting, for an avid reader this one is a keeper. Highly recommended.
I know lots of people liked this book, but I'm not one of them.  I kept reading it because when so many people like a book there must be something there.  And I did finally find out why, but I was about 90% through some very painful, annoying reading before I found the reason.  It was one of those experiences where You are Here and the rest of the world is There.  Not my style of book.
Excellent writing, intriguing mystery.  I couldn't put it down.  Loved the twists and turns, and the depth of the characters.  Each chapter told by a different character, so you got their point of view.  I won't ruin anything for those haven't read it, with details of what the story is.  It's just a great mystery.
I didn't score this book too highly as it wasn't really my style, and it just had no likable characters in it. A very depressing story. But in its defense, the author did make me want to finish it to see what happened in the end. I think this would probably make a very good movie.<br/>There are enough other reviews that will give you the gist of the story, so I will not go into that.
Some of the best stories ever told, begin with something most people might have done and then continue to "what if..". Paula Hawkins certainly took this to the edge of what could happen, with enough quirky twists and characters to keep me turning pages right up to the unexpected ending. The secrets kept until the end made for good suspense. It's dark sometimes, but so is life.
I couldn't stand the main character Rachel.  It seemed she made every problem worse, and, she was so needy. It was interesting hearing from three women's perspective.  She made up a fantasy of the people she could see from the train in her old neighborhood. She was seen as a crank by the police. It was fascinating how she worked on her memory to piece what really happened in her life.
I read "The Girl on the Train" today. Wow! If you're at all a fan of suspense, you need to read this one.  I had the "who" figured out a bit early, but it didn't lessen at all my enjoyment of how we got there.  The way the author's handled the narrative, switching among first-person accounts, is remarkably effective at heightening the suspense. I really love this book!
I loved the way the author played with time in the book, jumping between narratives and months/years. The development of the characters, particularly Rachel, gripped me from the get-go. This isn't a book to read bit-by-bit...it's made to be read in BIG gulps. The ending was a bit of letdown, as it seemed a bit too on the soap opera side... but I still really enjoyed this book overall.
I f you believe that every young woman in England is a mental case, that every young man is a bastard and that the police are incompetent then this book is for you.  Or, if you thought "Gone Girl" was a good book then this book is for you.  Alternatively, if  you don't enjoy reading about crazy women and the as*#oles that attract them, pick up something else to fill your time.
after reading the hype,i was very interested in this book,but i found it very predicable,the outcome was obvious,from early on,and the protagonists where neither likable,or believable.such a shame because the premise for the story had so much promise .but the outcome became so obvious with one sentence,very early in the story!i cant say more,dont want to spoil the plot,for newcomers!!
A great juicy read. Engaging till the very end. Characters are all flawed, but they're so well drawn, real and relatable that you empathize with them,and get invested in what happens to them; making this book much more than a typical "who dunnit". Ms. Hawkins' direct and no frills writing style makes reading this book go down as smoothly and deliciously as an ice cream sundae.
Not since the golden age of thrillers has there been a story as craftfully told as Hawkin's.  Reminds me of The Morning After.  Flawed protagonist, hate, jealousy, motives for revenge built into each of the characters, and a reveal that both surprises and feels organic to the plot.  A truly satisfying story that respects the intelligence of its readers. Wish there were more like this.
I was excited to read this book because I was told it was really good & I wasn't disappointed.  I found myself not wanting to put it down & to find out what really happened.  I was able to figure out who did it before the end, but it was still worth the read.  Also had some pretty quirky characters & I thought the concept of watching people from the train was a new & interesting idea.
It's a while since I read this book but really enjoyed it. Did eventually work out 'who dunnit' but not too quickly and it was a great read in between. The main character (girl watching from the train) was a bit pathetic so no one really believed her until the end. Would like to have seen her get her life back together a bit more, her ongoing issues didn't seem any better by the end.
Wow! I read in the evenings and often have a glass of wine too. Not while reading this book! If you are struggling with maybe thinking you drink a bit too much...read this, it'll sober you up. The characters were tragic and so is the story but it is written well and I enjoyed all of the London connections. I picked this for my book club and will know in a few weeks what they thought.
Excellent read. Similar in tone and even in plot to Gone Girl. I loved Gone Girl so I read this, and loved it, too. Very compelling, hard to put down. Be sure to pay attention to the title of the chapters, as it is telling you who is narrating. I sheepishly admit that I didn't catch on to that for awhile. However, it was still great poolside fare. Fiction "junk food.'' Thumbs up!
"The Girl on the Train" haunted me from the bookshelves in our local stores and libraries until I gave in and purchased it. The story was interesting. The main character's circumstances were very sad but believable. The mystery was handled quite well and took twists and turns along the way which really held my interest. It was a very good book - a page-turner. I recommend it.
This book was so good! While the writing style wasn't difficult to get through, the author managed to keep me guessing the whole time. The multiple unreliable narrators are what made this book so good-there was never enough overlap to piece it together until the end. The corkscrew ending could potentially be symbolic with her relationship with alcohol. Very interesting exciting read.
I almost gave up on this book at the halfway mark. While the writing is quite good, I really hated all of the characters. They were all either self indulgent, addicts of one sort or another, self-loathing, etc. But I stuck with it and I'm glad I did. One character does have a very significant growth arc and while the ending wasn't a total surprise, it was well crafted and intriguing.
I was fully prepared to love this book, but I was sorely disappointed.  The three female characters need to get a life!  Their main activities seem to be drinking and sleeping around.  The two male characters didn't fare much better.  Had these characters led productive lives they probably wouldn't be in the morass they found themselves in.  I found it very had to identify with them.
After a somewhat  slow start, the novel gathered steam and triumphantly reached its destination. It was a whodunnit in the best sense...reminiscent of Hitchcock's 'The Lady Vanishes.'  Because I never managed to get ahead of the book, the conclusion was a gratifying surprise. Looking back I could see how the pieces all fit together, which is what the best mysteries achieve, isn't it?
I'm not sure where to begin.  Anything I write will not do justice to this VERY intriguing story.<br/><br/>A daily commute on a train to satisfy a voyeurism habit of a lonely girl turns into a mystery, love story, heartache, thriller all rolled into one tightly written package.<br/><br/>I've read it twice.  Yes, it's that good, and justly deserves a spot on the best sellers list.
Bought this book based on the reviews.  Kept on reading it thinking it would get better but after more than half way through I gave it up..  I really don't get why this book is popular.  Psychological thriller... you got to be kidding.  It's just page after page of personal rambling by two self obsessed characters.  I did not care about the characters and the plot was flimsy at best.
This book is one of the more unusual murder mysteries I've encountered. The story revolves around an ex-wife's inability to let go of the past including her ex-husband. The reader is skillfully led down many false paths. The writing is not as literary a style as I often enjoy (i.e. Dorothy Sayers and her descendants), but it suits this contemporary gritty British tale. Good escapism.
I was told this book was similar to Gone Girl. Not quite that twisted but I did enjoy the gaps in the story due to main characters issues with alcohol. It was entertaining and moved quickly. That being said, I figured out the plot twists pretty early on and just read the rest seeing what I already knew play out.
What a stupid book.  Doesn't even deserve one star.
I enjoyed getting to the end.....wasn't a favorite.
Not the "best seller" I thought it would be
Takes a little while to grab you, but worth the wait.  Some reviewers cited similarity to Gone Girl and I understand why, but the differences make this a book that you'll be glad you read.  Poor Rachel has let her abusive husband dominate her completely.  Then he dumps her for another woman.  She sinks into drunken depression.  Ultimately Rachel must take steps to get her life back.
I was intrigued with the story so it was hard to put down. Riding the same rail train, passing the same sites every day, noticing the patterns of others in day to day activities, led to a girl to imagine what others were doing. The girl gets involved in the lives of the people she sees from the train window. There are a few twists in the story which keeps you guessing the out come.
This book had me ravenous. Beautiful character development.  Unique voices.  I loved every minute of suspense and mystery.  Totally recommend it. It's a story of redemption in a way and a story of the relentless disappointment life can be. It makes you question what you really know.Do we know anything really ?
The story is great and it's a fast read.  My only issue is I think this could have been one book and not a 3 book series.  Read the second book now have to wait until book 3 comes out.  If I would have known that I would have waited to real all three after the 3rd one is released.  That being said I really enjoy the characters and can't wait to find out what is going on with them.
I read this book because my wife liked it and thought I would too. Rachel's introspection threw me off at first, but she as the protagonist began to make observations that made my curiosity perk up. When she revealed that the man she thought was another's husband was not, I was hooked. Her fantasy had become a reality too frightening that she had to get involved. And you will too.
I had heard so many great reviews about this book that I couldn't wait to read it. I was very disappointed at first because I found it hard to keep the characters and storyline straight since it jumped around between characters. Once I got to almost the halfway point, it all came together and I couldn't put it down. I am glad I stuck with it because it ended up being a great read.
while this book had a good story line, I found it a bit long. I read it in two sections and would not have gone back to the second half but for the urging of friends who had read and enjoyed it.  I am pleased their recommendations were successful because it turned out to be well worth it.  The story is told by several characters in separate chapters, all leading to the conclusion.
This book has been on the best-seller lists for some time.  I wondered why.  It's a quick read and I did finish it.  However,  the story and the character development where a bit thin.  It's a fairly predictable suspense.<br/><br/>I can understand the interest in it but it's just not that good a book.<br/><br/>Read it if you can't get it at a bargain or free from your library.
Surprised at all the bad reviews! This.book pulled me in and I couldnt put it down. Its a very easy read for.those that enjoy a great story.<br/><br/>The main charactor is incredibly flawed and broken. From the beginning you get the feeling there is more to her behavior and choices than are on the surface, and there most definitely is.<br/><br/>Very good and.unexpected ending!
I really like this book.  It had lots of twists and turns, the main characters were all even in terms of being redeemable.  I was intrigued and interested throughout the whole book.  I read quickly and had a hard time putting it down when I needed to.  For all those that though Gone Girl had twists and turns, you will be shown that you were wrong.  This book was waaaaaaaay better.
Interesting character development and fast moving plot make this a fun book to read! Told thru the eyes of the female characters, it gives insight into the angst that so often comes to young women in their 30's as they begin married life. The denouement in this book will keep you reading until the conclusion!
I was enthralled by Hawkins' uncanny ability to describe the demons with which alcoholics live. The vast majority of the human race doesn't understand the illness that keeps an alcoholic from sobriety, nor fully comprehend the depth of an alcoholic blackout. The "Who done it"aspect of the story took a back seat to Rachael's inability to leave the bottle alone. Well done, Hawkins.
One of the best books I've read this year.  I loved the first person narration--by three different narrators.  The women's stories start at different points in time and converge at the end of the novel.  (Watch the narrator and dates on each chapter as you read.)  Perhaps the most original murder mystery I have ever read.  I would say more, but I don't want to give anything away!
The characters were so difficult and haunting. Not a good read if it is by your bedside. While reading it, I felt dread and misery for the main character such that I did not want to know her, but kept on as I hate to give up so easily and hoped it would lighten up--and it never did. Once finished, I had nightmares. As ugly a story as "Gone Girl" with very sick characters.
I thought the beginning of this book was a bit hard to follow as it kept switching perspective.  Once I was able to get to know the characters the book was much easier to read.  I think the author is English so much of the content was in the 'English' way of speaking which was a bit confusing.  A friend had told me this was a great book so I guess I was just expecting a bit more.
This book was well written and I couldn't put it down!  It was suspenseful and despite the fact that the characters weren't depicted in the best light and I think the author could have done a better job with character analysis - I did appreciate the vivid descriptions and colorful roles they played throughout the novel.<br/><br/>A nice twist and I liked how everything unfolded.
Girl on a Train is suspenseful and fun. I travel for work so I read it at the airport, on the plane and back. I'm a pretty hard sell- so 5 stars is a bit too high but I DO recommend this book if you like to figure things out as you read and if you enjoy books that aren't too literary --- but aren't completely light reads either. Many of my friends read and recommended it as well.
I really enjoyed and recommend this book!  To me, it was reminiscent of Gillian Flynn's novels.  The characters are dark and troubled and you really get a sense of who they are.  The story is told from different character's perspectives and as the story unfolds you see how their lives are all entertwined.  The book is a perfect example that a person's life is never what it seems.
The Girl On The Train is getting all the buzz as "the book" of 2015.  It's February!  But, I think the buzz is worthy.  There are comparisons to Gone Girl which are somewhat valid.  It's an unpredictable ride and has characters you will care about (and others you won't) but they're not typically sympathetic.  The perspective is unique to a mystery/thriller.  Just read it!
I don't usually review books, but Amazon recommended this one to me, and I wanted to leave feedback in the hope that it will improve future recommendations. The writing, while grammatically correct, was lackluster, the characters were annoying, and the plot was simultaneously unbelievable and predictable. 2 stars because I actually read it, though I shouldn't have wasted my time.
The author's style of presenting the story is rare in the sense that it's not the usual Chapter 1 , 2 and so on.  As presented, you get into the mind of several characters, their developing and interweaving story. I specially like that of the main character Rachel who at the start was such a loser but who eventually vindicated herself after she put her act together. A good read.
It literally takes 200 pages to get good. It's a repetitive and somewhat boring book the only thing that kept me going was to find out the ending. The women's stories aren't told in chronological order so it's confusing and they all sound like the same person. I did like the ending. It was an easy read on nights where I don't want to think and there's nothing on tv. It was ok. I
While, I couldn't put this book down. I can't decide if I loved it or not. Kept me guessing and it had a few unexpected twists. At times very thought provoking. Do we see what we want to see? Or do our subjective thoughts about ourselves or others influence our version of reality? I'm not sure overall it was worth 4 stars, but I couldn't put the book down and it got me thinking.
Intriguing characters and story that hold your attention but have a quirky common thread. This story could be placed anywhere where commuter trains, buses, trolleys feature into daily lives. There is a observed (watchful sense of possession) and longing by Rachel that makes the reader wonder about her sanity. is she stable? She needs help! Anna what a sorry piece on work. Enjoy!
I found the first half of this book to be very compelling and suspenseful...a real page-turner. But mid-way through, as more was revealed about each character, I found myself not wanting to read this book or just read a few pages at a time. The main character Rachel, was a mess, but in an intriguing, unique sort of way. But in the end I found all the characters to be despicable!
I am amazed that this book was a best seller.  I found it slow going with no character with whom I identified.  I found the women vacuous and weak while the men were also weak but scary.  It wasn't even surprising or suspenseful, except when one of the men was beating on one of the women.  Goes to show that just because a book is a best seller doesn't mean it is worth reading!!!
I just didn't think this book was that great.  I wasn't crazy about the author's writing style and found the characters extremely unlikable.  I only finished it because I kept waiting for it to get better, because everyone loved this book. Then again, I absolutely hated Gone Girl and everyone said this book was "the next Gone girl"; so I probably should have know better.
I got off to a slow start, had to re-read the beginning to keep the key characters apart.  The three primary characters are all speaking in first person so at first they were all running together, to me.  But after the first few chapters, it hooked me.  It is a true "who done it" - and I was surprised.  Had some theories through the whole book but they were knocked away.
This book was recommended to me after I read Little Black Lies, by Sandra Block.  I found each of the three narrators in The Girl on the Train to be unsympathetic in their own way, which made the book much less enjoyable than Little Black Lies.  Mini Spoiler Alert:  It would be hard to pick which of the three characters would be my choice in offing but one is as good as another.
Read this book! It is one of the best I have read in a long time. Allow time - you will have a hard time putting it down. I rarely give a book five stars - seem to want to give 4.5-4.9 - always some flaw, but this one meets the test. To avoid spoilers, I will only say that I like books which view events from several characters perspectives and this book does that extremely well.
I highly recommend the book.  Before I bought the book, I read reviews that were critical of the author. But I bought it anyway and am glad I did.  The story is told from the perspective of the central character, a struggling alcoholic who spends much of her time in a daze searching for reality. I found the plot engaging with elements that reminded me of Hitchcock's Rear Window.
I find it difficult to recommend a book where all three of the female characters are not particularly likable.  In fact, there isn't a single character in this book that I would want to have coffee with.  Rachel is a tragic alcoholic, Megan is a psychological nightmare and Anna is  selfish, mean spirited and unapologetic about her affair.  And don't get me started about the men.
Wow this book is amazing from beginning to end! I'm not going to give any details or spoilers about the book. But I will say this book is not depressing, sad or unhappy their are reason why some may say depressing or sad but not without reasons. The twists and turns are amazing! The ending very satisfying and great closure! Overall one of the best books I've read in a long time!
The Girl on the Train is a novel that keeps your attention throughout- you are always questioning, "Who did it?". I am not a huge fan of the end... thought it wrapped up the mystery too quickly and was a bit to blunt in comparison to the drawn out plot. But, I couldn't put it down and enjoyed the element of suspense, and the multiple perspectives the story is told from.
Perhaps I thought this book was such a disappointment because prior to reading this I just finished "The Goldfinch", which was a masterpiece, but I found this book dull and flat. I couldn't relate to any of the characters because their flaws were so forced and cliche, that I was nearly rolling my eyes the entire time. Not recommended other than for a beach read (maybe).
Quite a gripping novel which keeps you guessing to the end. I guessed twice and was wrong both times.<br/>A clever concept by the writer of a view from a train by a woman gripped in her own psychological problems trying to fantasise what she would wish her own life to be. She could never know the impact she was to have on several lives.<br/>It kept me gripped to the very end.
I loved Gone Girl, but I found this easier to get into once you got the characters straight -- I was a little confused at first. Then it all came together and I had a hard time putting it down to go to sleep. I also liked the ending -- it didn't leave you hanging or wondering what would happen next, which, again, I refer back to Gone Girl because the ending left you wondering..
Absolutely one of the best books I've ever read-and I read a lot!  I was able to find it easy to relate to the main female character which was probably one of the strong points of appreciation for me. After this book I can't wait to read something else by her.  The story was presented well.  Excellent writing, character development and it held my interest the whole way through.
This is not a happy "feel good about the world" read. There are no traditional hero types. Instead you are seeing the lives of two unhappy, self-destructive women that are not very likable. However, unsympathic you feel about the characters the author continues to draw you into their lives peeling back the surface and revealing the true vulnerable tragic souls they are.
Just because there's a diary, this is not the same novel.<br/>Yes, there's also an unreliable narrator but that's where the similarities end.<br/>God I loved this book. Had me on edge, making theories, not believing, going back for clues, feeling sorry for all women, especially for the girl on the train and how low a person can fall, wondering when would she reach her bottom.
I had high hopes for this book.  But I had to force myself to finish it.  All of the characters deserved a big kick. From the alcoholic stalker, to the chronic cheater (x 2) to the woman who plotted to get another woman's husband. And to top it off I figured out who done it halfway through.  Sure glad I was doing other things as I listened to it, as was 11 hours of wasted time.
This novel totally lived up to its publicity. What a page Turner. I couldn't wait to resume reading. The author hides the truth until the end of the story. I was looking for hints along the way but she successfully hid them. Three women, all flawed, all unable to escape the men in their lives, at times whining and deplorable, need a twist in plot to save them. Hawkins delivers.
I would recommend this book. It started slow and since I didn't read a synopsis of it before starting, had no idea where it was going. However, about a third of the way through. I couldn't put it down.  All of the pieces of the mystery start to fall into place faster and faster. It's fun to have the different perspectives of the three main women. Nobody is completely innocent.
It seems lately all of the books that are recommended seem a bit on the slimy side. Sad state of affairs. But ironically I loved Outlander which had lots of sex but there was passion and warmth. The same goes for Fifty Shades, I read all of them and although I do not like the sadist aspect, you could see why he was the way he was. Once again passion, love, loss and redemption.
After reading so many positive reviews, I purchased The Girl on the Train.  Big mistake!  Miserable main character living a miserable life equals a miserable book. And the other characters weren't any better.  Always an optimist, I kept reading it hoping it would get better but by the time I got to the end, I didn't really care who did what to whom.  (Apologies to the author.)
This is a story of someone you know, or someone you'd rather not know (depending upon your preference for drama). My mood toward Rachel changed as the story moved along, because at first, I wasn't sure I could stand her. But we are given plenty of reasons to keep reading. Had me on edge of seat toward the end. Pay attention to the chapter headings (as I learned while reading).
Rarely have I continued to read a book when I did not care much for any of the characters.  This one was an exception.  Every character was severely flawed, and all of the male characters were awful, but I kept reading due to the suspense which built.  Even though the outcome was predictable I kept reading.  It was a vary interesting novel and perhaps I surprised myself a bit.
It is interesting what makes a novel popular.  I did not find it to be a thriller, or spell bounding.  As someone else already stated all the character are unlikeable.  I decided a couple of times to stop reading it but I figured the engrossing part would come.  I finish it  in "speed" read mode and still never found what everyone with the good reviews saw in the book.
I really enjoyed "The Girl On The Train", I thought the premises for this story was very unique. With all the Gone Girl (which I absolutely loved) copycat books that have flooded the market recently this was a very refreshing psychological thriller. Would definitely recommend this book to everyone & would read another by Paula Hawkins. I also look forward to the movie!
Liked the format of different points of view...good building of suspense...Kept me interested and wanting to pick back up to read a few more chapters.<br/><br/>Only drawback was that for such  good development of characters/plot/thriller it was wrapped up a bit too neat and quick.  Do like that the main character was left flawed and not "healed" at the end.  Satisfying read!
Filled with suspense. Couldn't wait to pick it up to resume the ride. Even though I guessed the culprit, I still wasn't sure til the end. I had very little sympathy for Rachel until understanding the WHY of how her life had evolved as it had. This is an absolutely "must read" for lovers of suspenseful thrillers. If you liked Gone Girl, you will definitely like this train ride.
I don't know how this got on the best seller list!
This is a great book, I really enjoyed reading it!
Great summer reading, could not put this one down.
Can't believe this is so high on best seller list.
Too convoluted and boring till the last 100 pages.
Not at all what I expected. A big disappointment .
very suspenseful but I found Rachel very annoying.
Loved it - interesting and continually surprising!
About life, and loss , and violence and how much damage people can do to themselves and to each other. I did not like this book at the beginning, but little by little it started making sense and the pieces feel smoothly together at the end. Psychological thriller, I liked that that we received different perspectives on the same events on different time frames, one year apart.
I agree with those folks who say that Gone Girl was better. Gone girl was more complex and gave much more of the essential character background which Girl on a Train lacked.  Read this in eight days definitely a page turner but it wont be the epic novel that impacts or changes the readers life.. But if you are going on vacation, this is a good book to take along for the ride.
The book had its moments, but was very predictable. It had a good story with good character development but did not live up to "Like Gone Girl" expectations. The publisher or Audible was unfair to proclaim such statements.<br/><br/>Not worth a credit; but worth a read. If you like this book it reminds me a lot of a book called "MICE", a decent story as well.
In no way is this as good as Gone Girl. it's boring, repetitive, and I didn't care to finish it even after reading to page 207.  I didn't care for the "protagonist" or any of the other characters.  I tried so hard to like it because of all the hoopla around it  being a bestseller, but there was nothing at all redeeming about it. A waste of paper and time, imo. Sorry.
This was a riviting story that first moved rather slowly--a bit like peeling an onion. Without giving anything away, at first, the story looks like a fantasy induced by the alcoholic haze of a bitter woman. Then--whamo! it becomes something else entirely, gently pulling you into the haze between truth, fact and fiction. I would recommend this to others who like good mystery.
We read this book for my book club. In the beginning it's hard to sort out the characters, but once you get into it you'll get hooked. There are intriguing depictions of alcoholism, depression, infidelity, love, the loss of children, and the suburban dream. The story is set in a rainy, dreary town outside London and features interludes of transit via the famous train system.
Author writes three good chapters and then goes astray.  I felt like she stalled out, the editor called with a deadline, and she wrote anything she had to just to polish it off. Characters were unrelatable and the plot strayed into the Not-Even-B-Movie territory.  If it gets made into a movie, it will star some silly alleged actress who was on a reality TV show for 3 months.
The book was good, not great and a real stretch if someone compares it to Gone Girl. Problem is no one character is likeable  and way too much time is spent on Rachel's drinking problem.  I almost didn't finish it just because I really got tired of same thing going on so long in the middle. Everyone I know has read this book and they all seem to have about the  same opinion.
This story is told from the perspective of three women whose worlds collide as a result of their choices in life.  The plot turns and twists with each chapter and I can never decide if I Ike or hate the characters because they"re each so flawed.  The common theme of the train and the poetic way the author describes the scenes and feelings kept me reading straight to the end!
I gave this book four stars because it took a while to grab me.  Once I got into the story I could not put it down.  There are a few plot twists that make it interesting reading.<br/>This book also provides a sad tale of an alcoholic as well as multiple abusive relationships. It provides insights from the female characters' perspectives that add to the richness of the tale.
I really enjoyed the style of this book, the way the chapters were written from the perspectives of three of the characters. Rachel's character was beautifully and painfully real, her personal struggle written so well that you felt as though you really understood how difficult it was to conquer that 'demon'. I couldn't put the book down as I neared the last 100 pages or so.
This book for me started slow. I had a time keeping up with the three women characters. It soon picked up and was very hard to put down. Each woman we could all relate to. Sometimes life brings about changes that are hard to accept. We refuse to let go, so we hang on however we can. We also become allies with those whom we accuse of taken what's precious from us. Good read!
The book is written in the first person from three different characters. I found this writing style overly confusing and cumbersome.as I would often forget which character was writing. Otherwise, the story kept my interest, even though at times, I felt, overly descriptive of the emotion felt by each character. Dare I say it is possibly a book enjoyed more by women than men.
I loved this book!  I will not spoil it by giving a description of the book other than to say it is suspenseful!!  I bought it on my Kindle and read nearly straight through in one day because I could not put it down!!!  I loved the characters and I loved the way the book was written from the perspective of three characters.  I can't wait to see what this author writes next.
The book was good and very well written.  I thought it was a bit overhyped as a psychological thriller.  Characters were very well developed and there were several suspects interjected throughout the novel to keep one guessing as to who the real murderer was.  I didn't have it figured out until almost the end.  An enjoyable read but not the "thriller" I anticipated.
it was a fast read for me; however, it seemed to get bogged down as the main character kept repeating her<br/>behaviors over and over again ..it made me want to scream at her for never learning a lesson... but then thats<br/>the first sign of some problems that the character has.  So all in all, I'd have to say it was good writing ... and<br/>I liked the surprise ending.
Left me with the feeling that you have when you miss your train stop by accident. Annoyed! Women should be offended by this book. It makes the female character(s) seem weak, stupid and inferior. Why so many women like this garbage is beyond me. Scenarios and plausibility are laughable. I'm still in awe that a female author wrote this story. Final words: It just wasn't good.
Loved this novel!  A book club I'm a part of online, is voting on the book of the month for February.  so far, I think this is the book with the most votes.  My husband, Greg, read a review of it & bought me the Kindle edition.  I read it very quickly, because I could hardly put it down, once I started!
I thought this was going to be a straightforward  mutder mystery but how wrong I was, lots of twists and red herrings intertwined with personal pain and emotional suffering. Quite dark and sinister and a little disturbing at various points in the book, a good read, not one that can be skipped through lightly as it tackles dysfunctional relationships with dire consequences.
Gone Girl wanna-be, Rear Window NEVER-BE.  The story is ok, but the author should have spent another six months on it.  I wasn't given a reason to care much about any of the characters.  And it's to bad the lead didn't see more from the train, ala Rear Window.  Instead, she sees just ONE weird thing.  I had a pretty good idea who dunnit less than half way through the book.
I have to agree with everyone else on this book.  It's really good. Who hasn't made up stories of people when driving by houses or viewing from a train?  I thought this was well-written.  I really liked Rachel and all the machinations that lead to who done it.  I admire authors that can think of all of these twists and turns, all while leading the reader along, hopelessly.
While I might normally give this book 4 stars, I'm giving an extra star due to the well-developed characters. The author has the courage to delve to the darkest places of people, in all characters. It is in that darkness that even a small flicker of light can be seen and even nourished. A great mystery read with strong and interesting female characters. Highly recommended.
The first part was confusing - it was hard to understand who was speaking. Rachel and the alcoholic episodes were hard to follow. Later in the book, all came together and it made sense - in Rachel's lucid moments, she knew she had witnessed something dark and sinister but it took too long to reach that point. So glad I did not quit reading before events vindicated Rachel.
Someone left this book at my work and when nobody claimed it i decided to take it home and give it a shot.  Needless to say i could not put this down all weekend long.  All together a great suspense novel.  Definitely a page turner that will keep you interested the whole way. If your a fan of suspense/thriller/crime stories then you will most likely enjoy this very much!!
Great book. Very few errors found in it. It kept me guessing .  If you are thinking about reading this book I would highly recommend it. I also recommend that you pay attention to the name of the chapter (as it tells you who is speaking in first person) as well as the dates that are extremely important. I had to back track in the beginning until I knew what was happening.
I was so excited to read this book.  However, after reading 50% of the book and being totally uninterested, I wanted to put it down and stop reading it.  I kept thinking something good had to be coming... WRONG!  I found the book extremely boring and don't see how it is so popular.  I've read 30 books in the last few months, and this one would be at the bottom of my list!
I love mysteries but found this story a bit drawn out. The chapters tell the stories from perspective of main female characters. It's a bit far fetched and coincidental. Not my favorite. Also used whisper sync and the narration was British accent which took me ( for some reason) to think of historic story, but reference to Internet and modern technology seemed disjointed.
Fast paced and suspenseful; hard to put down.  Overall, a very enjoyable read.  HOWEVER, the preposterously risky decisions made by the principal characters putting them into danger numerous times really tested the bounds of believability.  I know you're supposed to suspend disbelief when reading fiction but this narrative went way beyond what's reasonable in that regard.
I came close to dumping this book after about 4 chapters...it is a slow-burn.  I really disliked where I thought it was going. But, since it was on the Best Seller List, I thought there just had to be more to it. I was so pleasantly surprised at how this book developed.  It was really, really good!  I hope this author can write more books that are this full of surprises!
I could not wait to get this book after all the hype about it. I wait 5 months on the library hold list. I sat, ready to be taken over by it.....only to feel hoodwinked.  Book is dull, sob story about a drunk that has no life and attempts to insert herself in the drama of others to feel.....important. the last thirty pages I sped thru because of the predictability of it.
I knew nothing about this book, I downloaded it a minute before take off so I'd have something to read on an East to West coast flight. It popped up as a recommend on Kindle. I was engaged by and liked a fairly unlikeable character at first glance. Paula Hawkins has a wonderful writing style. It felt authentic to each character's voice. And I was surprised once or twice.
This book was so difficult to put down and I was instantly hooked. It has a similar feel to Gone Girl, but the story is entirely different. It kept me guessing and the ending did turn out a bit different from what I expected. I like how each chapter alternates characters so you really learn about the different perspectives and it aids in the suspense. Highly recommended!
This was a very good who did it page turner.  I like the way the author switched back and forth from each character's point of view.  The reason I didn't give 5 stars was because I never liked any of the characters.  Not one was a good person so it left an "oh well" feeling.  Well written though and keeps you reading to figure out which quirky character was the murderer.
Mixed bag. A page turner at times and at other times tempted to quit.  All characters are shallow and unlikable.  They all deserved each other. I read to find out it 'who did it' but the writer was not fair with the details.  Sad, lonely, pained, lying, helpless, hopeless men and women.  Not one ounce of happiness or joy. Story was  too depressing, I wished I skipped it.
The book was ok...a bit predictable...pathetic characters...dismal setting...not quite sure how I really feel.  I guess the storyline was interesting but the main character<br/>was so sad...but then being an alcoholic is sad.  In fact every character had such a troubled past that you almost  couldn't believe  how they could function at all.  This is also a sad review!!!
It started a bit slow ... but once I felt the sad, desperation and self-devaluation Rachel fel and then, her determination to investigate the many ???'s of what was real vs. fantasy ... oh , WOW ... this book had me hooked.  Yes, a little like "Gone Girl" and "Fatal Attraction" but definitely unique unto itself.  Intense, suspense, psychological thriller!
This story is written in a different way from many novels, and keeps you interested. The relationships of the characters are intertwined, and this keeps you guessing. There are dark parts in the story, and it has suspense. The fantasies of the girl riding the train are interesting, and it is surprising when she meets the people whom she has been watching from the train.
This book was great! I liked how the author told the story from different character's view points. She kept her readers wondering the entire book.  I don't finish all of my books because they lose my interest, but this one kept me wanting to read more.  I stayed up late trying to finish "just one more chapter". Parts of it can drag on,  but I skim read thru those parts.
I love easy and lighthearted reads, but this was neither.  I had to keep referring back to make sure I following along as it was told in the voice of 3 different characters over a period of time.  So knowing who was "talking" and when was important.  But I found that made me pay more attention to the content.  It was hard to put the book down.  I loved the book!
The book's popularity gave me hope that I, too, would love it.  But I was a bit disappointed in it.  It did, at least, hold my interest long enough to finish it.  I had a real problem with liking the main character, which always makes it more difficult to fully enjoy a book like this.  And I did guess who the bad guy/gal was about halfway through, so no surprises there.
This was a good read.  It was suspenseful and the ending was somewhat of a twist.  I suspected (correctly) who the villain was well before the end, but the way the author got to the resolution, WAS surprising.  And I liked that the protagonist was definitely NOT a heroic type...she was human.<br/><br/>A good book, and I recommend it to anyone who likes suspense books.
I agree with some other reviewers. The characters in this novel were all annoying and not believable.  The main character, Rachel, you just want to reach out and smack some sense into her.  I just keep reading so I could be done with it. It is one crazy female after another, surrounded by awful men. I fail to see why this book is getting so many good reviews. Stay away.
I bought this book because I had a very long air trip to survive, and I admit The Girl on the Train made that easier.  However, story taught me very little, the setting was not interesting for me, the characters frankly, hard to feel attached to.  I was actually relieved when it was over and I could get away from it.  BUT, it did occupy me for two days of boring travel.
It was ok. Not good, not terrible.  The story was fine, but about 100 pages could have been shaved off due to repetitive writing and details. Yes, we know she is a drinker. Yes, we know she can't remember what happened on Saturday night. Yes, we know her life is a mess.  I don't know why so many compare it to Gone Girl.  Overall it's fine, but not one I would recommend.
It starts out like a train leaving a station, slowly. It gains a bit of speed within a few pages and then quickly gains more speed. You'll feel like the train is going at warp speed by the end. 12,000+ people have written reviews on this novel already so how can mine be different? It can't be. So do what I did. Pick up the book and just READ IT! Then you can decide for yourself.
I enjoyed reading this story. I liked the the three characters the novel followed: Rachel, Megan and Anna. Very intriguing until the last page. Perhaps knowing what causes Tom to behave the way he did would have been an added bonus (ie childhood). Getting to know the root cause of his psychosis would have been an added bonus.  A good read for sure and very entertaining!
I've skimmed over for book for a while, read  the reviews and description but never purchased it.  Last weekend I was looking for something to read and decided to give it a try.  I'm glad I did!  This is an amazing story with the right amount of suspense.  The characters are well developed and the outcome will blow you away.  Who would have thought? Well worth the read.
Hawkins did a great job of putting me into Rachel's twisted mind.  The crazy confusion was riveting and kept me glued to the story.  I found most of the middle of the book quite boring because Megan and Anna weren't as interesting -  but the tension toward the end snapped me right back to attention.
Many of you will figure this out about 2/3 of the way through the reading, which is fine, but it certainly takes away from any super tension build up.  I did like the book, but desperately wanted to love it.  Some aspects of the book we just too convenient and frankly, on some cases, tedious.<br/><br/>The premise is a home run.  The execution is a ground rule double.
It's no mean feat to manage all three POV characters to be un-likeable, not loathsome or love to hate, just people you don't care for. I finished the book to find out if I was right about the killer's identity, and for book club . No big surprises or twists because all the characters seemed to be hiding themselves from the reader, and not in a shocking motive type way.
After thousands of reviews there is no point in repeating the story.  I bought this as an audible book and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The book is narrated in the voices of the 3 female lead characters and the story is refreshingly different.  It may be more of a woman's book as my husband really didn't enjoy reading  this book and didn't finish it, it wasn't to his taste.
I plodded through the book but can't say I enjoyed it, not much redeeming about ANY of the characters, quite the opposite.  It was a slow read seeming to take ages to get anywhere. As mentioned by others, the premise of the book was good, but I would highly recommend Into the Darkest Corner by Elizabeth Haynes as a great read and a better example of it. A book I loved.
Good read!  Keeps you wanting to keep on reading.
Disliked the characters and story was predictable
The story was great, took to long in the telling.
Really good read.  Had me guessing until the end.
Great story! Well written.  Couldn't put it down.
absolutely  LOVED the book! Hated to see it end!!
Kept me guessing right to the end. Most enjoyable
Another book about a women who needs help. Crazy.
An absorbing Hitchcockian thriller. I figured out the bad guy fairly early but there were still enough twists and turns that kept me on the edge of my seat. Rachel was a well developed character but I felt Anna and Megan could have been more fully realized. Overall though it was a really good book.
Pretty good story, you can really feel for the protagonist (Rachel) as she struggles with depression and an addiction to alcohol. All the while, she constantly struggles to let go of her ex husband and the life they once had together.<br/>Told through the perspective of 3 different characters, all women, all with a part to play in the disappearance of a young woman .
No spoilers - but this is a writerly sort of book, with three questionable narrators, with three subplots told from three different points of view, and once you start reading, you will keep reading until you can finally answer the question: who killed Megan?  After you finish reading, this novel will keep you thinking about the lies we tell each other - and ourselves.
couldn't put it down, I needed to know what would happened. Great book. The story itself is not super incredibly original but, it has some good unexpected twists and turns that keeps you engaged and most importantly, in suspense!! The writer did a great job with the characters and tying everything/everyone together. I would be very excited if this turns in to a movie.
This was an outstanding book. Very well written with lots of plot twists and complex characters. I was surprised at how often my empathy for the characters changed, but I was surprised that my suspicion of the killer was finally narrowed down and accurate. I am constantly amazed at how women can so often justify their behavior in pursuit of flawed men. Just a thought.
i was a little leery about reading this as its not something i normally read but once i started i couldnt stop. while the main character is sort of annoying and can be aggrivating the story does hold you captive and i rather enjoyed reading it. the plot twist is totally unexpected which makes it even better. you dont really see it coming until the main character does.
I was surprised by how much I liked this novel. Very strange in the beginning, going back and forth. However, the more I read, the more I was pulled in. Scott was a complete jerk, but so was Megan. Rachel is just a poor lost soul. Anna, although I didn't like her, at least came through. The only character I felt was okay was the psychiatrist. Wouldn't really recommend
Girl on The Train starts out interesting enough and then gets bogged down in the middle.  The main character is a drunk who suddenly recovers.  She is a notorious snoop and not likeable in the least.  She is quite pathetic.  The story has enough uncovered situations which keep you guessing and makes the book interesting enough to continue.  The ending was predictable.
But it was good - very quick read, interesting and gripping story. It felt a little bit me-too-ish in terms of the Gone Girl craze, but it's great for what it is! Some of my friends were really disturbed by the emotional state of the main character, Rachel, but if you go into it not expecting to be on anyone's "side" so to speak, you might enjoy the book more.
For an airport novel, this was a fun read. Many reviewers have repeatedly compared this to Gone Girl and the Millennium series, but I wouldn't go that far. Flynn and Larson's works were significantly better with deeper characters and more complex stories, while Hawkins' are a bit shallow in comparison.  Otherwise, it's a decent thriller with a unsurprising plot twist.
I saw this book recommended in a publication. Once I started it, couldn't stop reading it.  The story alternates between three main characters, each telling you what is happening.  You may think you know who the person is who killed a girl but things keep changing and the ending will surprise you.
A page turner from the start, the characters are unique and the narration suspicious, but at about the three quarter mark the bridge that suspends disbelief crumbled into the water. Things just got far too coincidental and fortuitous. I was really wrapped up until the narration sort of fell apart.
Even though I was supposed to be reading my next "assigned" Book Club selection, a fellow member suggested The Girl on the Train.  It was a fabulous read...one that passes ever too quickly!  I read it in two sittings and highly recommend it!  Kudos to Paula Hawkins!  Keep the books coming!
The Girl On The Train was a nice beach read. I had high expectations when I heard Stephen King gave it glowing reviews. I didn't LOVE it, but it did interest me enough to read it in about two days. I do like the current trend of flawed main characters, and it did keep me guessing until the end. I would recommend it to anyone who is into the "Gone Girl" genre.
When I first started reading I thought...whats all the fuss over this book?  As I read on I was slowly drawn into this woman's  nightmare.  Slowly dipping into a life held hostage by the past and drowning herself with alcohol because she thinks she is such a loser..only to discover all was not as she thought..and she dipped over an abyss, sinking slowly into madness.
Fast paced thriller with alcohol abuse, psychological and domestic abuse, adultery & murder. Trust no one as their story is not just on the surface; what you see is not what it really is.  All characters are "messed up" which makes for a very interesting read. Fascinating & creepy all in one. I'm glad I read it even though a little disappointed in the ending.
Except that half way into the story you learn that there is a trifecta of flawed men as well. I felt that the characters, especially the women, were so real and believable--I can't remember the last novel I read where this was the case. So many novelists overdo their characters. This was a welcomed change. Thrillers aren't my genre of choice, hence the 4-star rating.
Everyone raves about this book, so I bought it.  It's OK.  I found it to be overly repetitive, and unbalanced in that we know lots about the main character, and not enough about everyone else.  I never bonded with her, and so found it hard to maintain my interest in her obsessions.  (Enough, already!)  I was relieved when the story came to an end and I could move on.
The Girl on the Train was put together in such a fun and unique way, with characters in the book as chapters. The story itself took the mundane and made it interesting and realistic. I am not shy about putting a book down if I feel it is not going the way i want.... Self centered much?? Hahaha! This one I finished and actually felt better about myself. Worth reading!
Quick read, perfectly addicting book for a vacation, although it's pretty dark. I was hooked from the first page to the last page. But it doesn't leave you feeling fulfilled or happy in any way, that's why I gave it 4 stars. It's the sort of book that can make you crabby while you are reading it - you are hooked and want to finish, but the story is bringing you down.
Great plot and fast paced reading - perfect for a short weekend or travel read. The ending was a little predictable, which is my reason for knocking down one star. I was hoping for some more surprising plot twists a la Gone Girl. The story almost puttered out toward the end, but managed to wrap everything up into a nice, clean finish, even if it was very predictable.
Speaking of trains...reading this is like sitting at a railroad crossing and waiting for a freight train to pass.  I became so frustrated that I began loosing interest in reading; there are other things to do around the house that are more rewarding.  That is my cue to find another book.  I struggled halfway through this book and had no interest in going any further.
Wow, this was gripping. Loved the way the viewpoint shifted between Rachel, Anna and Megan. Well written.  All the characters were flawed in interesting ways....a drunk, a narcissistic other woman turned wife, a sex crazed guilt ridden wife trapped in a marriage.  I did not even begin to guess who committed the murder until shortly before it was revealed.  Well done!
A well-written story but not  "Gillian Flynn evil genius" level. The voyeur on a train jumping off point is good, but for a British novel there was no real style to it; no one was likable and there were zero relationships that I was rooting for. When it was done I realized that, beyond drinking and sleeping around, there wasn't much going on with these folks.
This is a very well written suspense novel. It is also a very dark story without a lot of redemption in it. I enjoyed reading it because it was engaging and the main characters were finely drawn, and yet I hesitate to give it 5 stars because of the content. I usually try to keep explicit violence out of my movie and book choices since there is so much in daily life.
This book had a good premise which it failed to deliver upon.<br/>The story was at best a basic who done it, I figured it out straight away.<br/>I was told there was a great twist in this book, I can quite catorgorally state that's not true I knew who was who and who'd end up doing what.<br/>On the plus side it's a very fast read.<br/>Would I recommend it no way
The story is told from the point of view of three women. It starts off with Rachel. She tells her story of taking the train everyday and seeing the same people on that route and create her own story about these people. One day she sees something that is out of the norm. This begins the story of rachel becoming involved in the life of those she watched from the train
As someone with an active imagination and who used to commute by train into the big city daily, I could relate to the protagonist's obsession with wondering about lives of the inhabitants of the homes along the route. Hawkins imagination did not disappoint. Each  character with her or his egocentric imperfections and expectations made the story entirely believeable.
Interesting read, kept my attention through out and kept me guessing.  Felt back for Rachel - main character.  Disgusted by Anna.  Dismayed for Megan.  Can see what it got compared to Gone Girl the organization is similar (paragraphs from different characters perspective so you just see part of the story and have to put it together like a puzzle).  Enjoyed the book!
An edge of your seat thriller! I would have rated it 4.5 stars if that was possible. I did the audible version and the readers were very good!, I don't usually do audible but my eyes needed a rest and my ears needed some good entertainment! I found that it had a Hitchcock type intrigue. The narration was very good, the readers drew me into the story from the get-go.
This book was a bit of a page turner, although it took a while to figure out who was who in the beginning with all the skipping around. Overall, a decent novel that pretty much held my interest throughout; although at times the main character got sidetracked with retelling too much detail of past events that weren't all that relevant to what was currently happening.
I thought that this was an excellent debut novel by Paula Hawkins.  It was an easy, fast, and very entertaining read, and all the while I kept wondering "who done it".  There are many twists and turns and at first it was difficult to keep the characters straight.  Not quite as gripping as Gone Girl but very good none the less.  I would highly recommend this.
Recommended by a friend and having seen it all over book stores etc, I figured I'd give this book a try.  It seemed a little hard to get into but having persevered it is sustaining my interest but I would not call it a page turner.  Both the violence and the sexual content are inferred not in your face.  It is just somewhat a contorted story seemingly just because.
entertaining reading for summer vacation or a long flight, not high brow, scholarly literature, it will probably be made into a movie, some might think it's predictable, but I didn't see it coming, slow at first then it becomes a trashy 'ol page turner [I went to college and read the books on the reading list, now I'm a grown up and I just want to have a good time]
Hi : It was exciting , yet drawn out a bit too much. (alright already ,we get the people and their motivations. Remember the important fact and let's move on.). It was a bit of a "Gone Girl" wanna-be. For a person who was warned to "stay away" from the ex., she should have rented a room from them. She kept going  over there more than she went  home.
It was too confusing on kindle when each chapter had a women's name and you were trying to remember which character was telling her part of the story, The main character was so crazy and into drinking you couldn't tell if it was her imagination talking or if she really had seen what she was explaining happened.  In the end it was revealed but it was hard to follow.
For me a great suspense is unpredictable and this book definitely fit the bill. I wasn't able to figure out who the killer was until the author wanted me to. The writing was impeccable and the story line was original. I gave four stars instead of five because parts of the book were a bit slow moving but overall this was a great read and I would highly recommend it.
I am surprised that I actually liked this book.  There is no redeeming hero or heroine, but the very flawed (all of them)  characters have a certain  appeal, and one cannot help feeling a sorrowful desire for at least one of them  to have something good in the end.  I guess it is appealing for the reader to get to feel a bit superior to those we are reading about..
I got my reviews mixed up - the review I gave for The Pocket Wife is actually my review for The Girl on the Train.  This one kept my attention and kept me guessing up to a point.  I figured out before the ending that Tom was the killer.  Did not deter my interest in finishing the novel.  I hope Paul Hawkins keeps writing novels like this one - enjoyed it immensely.
Right off the bat I admit I wasn't a big fan of Gone Girl (both book and movie). That being said, I came to this book with an open mind. On the plus side, it was quite readable. On the other side, I found most of the characters shallow, manic and unbelievable. The ending (no spoiler alert needed), was not such a big surprise. Read it, don't read it, it's up to you.
Interesting book, flawed, off-kilter characters (that's good).  You never quite knew who (if anyone) to trust.  I feel that the author manipulated us readers to keep the suspense by having one character withhold information from us until we knew where the book was headed.  And I tired of the protagonist's many flaws over the entire book.  Overall, it's a fun read.
I would give it 3.5 stars if I could. It certainly held my interest. Difficult to follow in first person POV, especially when the narrators voices are so similar. I didn't like the self-absorbed whining nor the endless lying, but the premise, the mystery, kept me reading. The lead character's actions at the end, while worth cheering, were totally out of character.
Suspenseful novel, skillfully written, and with a very human protagonist that was certainly no hero, but someone who I couldn't help but feel a great deal of sympathy for.  I especially liked the way the author wrote the book in first person, but switched between points of view for each chapter so the reader was exposed to the mystery from multiple points of view.
There is not a character in this book with any redeeming qualities.  Each one is vile and self absorbed.  Cathy was a good person. But, she was made to look weak for all her kindness.  I feel saddened and somewhat violated after having read the book and getting involved in these pathetic people's lives.  I kept hoping for redemption but there was none to be found.
It took me longer than usual to get through this book, but I was determined to get through it.  Several times, when I had to stop reading and didn't get back to it for a few days, I had to backtrack to see who the chapter was about because I just couldn't pick up where I had left off.  The good part, I didn't figure out who did it till just before it was revealed.
Good story, but something was missing.  It moved quickly and held my attention.... but....I wasn't passionately connected to any of the characters. I think because the voice of the three women sounded the same, I didn't really connect more with one than the other.  I had to often look at the chapter title at first to see who was speaking. But... overall good plot.
I had a lot of lead up to this book before reading it. I finished it through, perhaps personal preference but I never fully identified with Rachel and it made it hard to be empathetic to her character. The whole Jess and Jason thing was a little creepy to me as well. Because I could never really identify with some of the key characters it made for just an OK read.
Intriguing and suspenseful from the beginning to the end.  As you read, you are searching for the guilty person and decide on each one at different times during the story. The character development is excellent, in that, you form opinions about each and assign personality traits to each. Remember assumptions may be misleading. To say more would give too much away.
It reminded readers of "Gone Girl" so I should have known better as I really did not like that book, but I took the chance and read most of "Girl on the Train" which I struggled through hoping it would finally get better.  It never did and I gave up without finishing the book something I try never to do, but it just wasn't worth anymore of my time.
I liked this book but didn't love it as much as I expected I would, probably due to all the hype. The author's writing was very strong and the characters were compelling, but I found the plot to be predictable. I figured it out long before the end and was surprised there wasn't a final twist. Still, it was generally a good mystery and I'll read more by the author.
As other reviewers have noted, this is not great literature, but, IMHO, it is a fun read.  In the "people are rotten" vein of THE DINNER and GONE GIRL, the author pulls the read pretty quickly into wanting to know who does what next, even though s/he must suspend some logic and probably does not like any of the characters.  It is a quick read just for fun.
This is a good book!  It is fast paced, and goes from one character to the other by chapter.  I did find it a bit confusing at first but once I read more I was able to navigate the flow of the book.  The story of intertwining the female characters is an effective method for building the tension in the story.  The ending is a bit predictible but good.  I recommend.
This was a nice, fast, enjoyable read.  The main character was very, very flawed and a bit one-dimensional, but I ended up liking her nonetheless.  Was it the best book I've ever read?  Not even close.  Was it a fun way to pass time?  Yes.  Didn't hate it, didn't love it.  Would recommend it as a beach read or maybe on a plane (or a train - see what I did there?).
The set-up is original, but the 3 narrators and their husbands are unlikable, selfish, neurotic people.  Some of it seemed unbelievable.  For example, Rachel wants to remember what happened during a drunken blackout, but learns this can't be done, since the brain makes no memories at that time.  Then, just in time to unmask the culprit, she remembers what happens?
This book easily gets five stars. The story is told from the point of view of three women, the central figure being Rachel. The three stories weave around one another growing close and closer with nice twists and turns, but without deus ex machina artifice, and gradually blend. It is true page turner which I highly recommend. I hope this author gives us some more.
Great modern story. Somewhat predictable. But it was definitely hard to put down. Sometimes the struggle with Rachels addiction and memory lapses would be redundant. Also I feel the author could have gone into more depth of why she had this struggle and how important it was to Rachel to fix it. It would also be interesting to elborate on Tom's character/addiction.
I didn't like Rachael at first but she grew on me. As you read along you find out how she became that way and how truly you could not really know someone. She drinks her life away. There is nothing I don't like about this book. It is slow to start but when you get past it's none stop. I kept going back and forth with who killed Megan but it the end it was obvious.
Very well written and entertaining. Explores the psychological damage wrought by narcissism, abuse and addiction. The ending is telegraphed for the attentive reader and the ending contains some criminal procedural hand-waving, but it is all in the service of tight plotting and a visceral tone.
Completely absorbing story told with such immediacy from the perspective of three women . Initially somewhat difficult to sort out but that became part of the fun as the tension increased . The lies we are told and the lies we tell ourselves :  those buried and those just beneath the surface .
When I finally forced myself to finish it, it was worth reading.  However, it was so difficult to get into it (I had to read almost 1/3 of the way before I began to like it), and I only finished it because it was a book club book.  I'm not sure how the author could have solved it.  Perhaps a list of characters at the front of the book with some surrounding  info.
Twists and turns everywhere for a down-and-out woman who can't seem to get her life together after her husband gives her the boot.  The interwoven layers in this book are fascinating.  I loved how she pieced it all together, and was impressed by the character development.  I kept wanting this character to see that she was more than she was allowing herself to be.
Don't know what all the fuss was about, quite frankly. I found the novel boring. Thought the use of first person voice<br/>awkward and time sequences confusing and unnecessary.<br/>The book was akin to slowly rolling through endless midwest cornfields with nary a point of interest in sight. The only anticipation being<br/> finally reaching the end of the line.
Wouldn't recommend it. Not as good as Gone Girl.
Quick read! I did not want to put the book down!
unlikely scenario,flawed heroine---a dismal read
I didn't care for the style of writing and story
Enjoyable read - kept me guessing until the end!
This kept me guessing until the end. Great book!
I enjoyed the multiple characters telling their story.  The main character was a touch pathetic at times but u still cheered for her.  It was an easy read and it moved quite quickly.  I looked forward each night to getting back to the book.  it only took three nights.  The main story line being told from the view of a person in a train was unique and intriquing
This book starts out really slow. By slow I mean it starts out at a glacial pace. I didn't start enjoying this book until maybe 75-80% into it. It did have me wanting to continue reading until the plot was revealed. If you don't mind a slow read, this is the book for you. The ending is good and I think a just one. This book is good if it has the right audience.
It was just ok, quick read, decent suspense but I felt as if was lacking the "can't put it down" quality that other reviews seemed to believe it had. The characters were well defined but some of the reactions that they had to certain situations seemed unrealistic. It was like a good lifetime movie.  You wanted to finish it, but you just wouldn't watch it again.
The author writes very well.  It was a little tough to read, not because the writing style isn't great, but because the character is not in a good place and she made me a little uncomfortable because of her bad choices.  It was essential to the story to be written that way.  Interesting story and the plot is carried out very well.  I enjoyed the book very much.
It was interesting, at times confusing, but now I know that was by design. I would recommend it because it's different than the other stuff out there, it's well written and you care about the characters. Once I got into it's rhythm it held my interest and I wanted to see it through. That says something since I currently have about 4 half finished books on tap!
Did not see the end coming. Great character development, they were believable and grew throughout the story. Rachael was a great character and the nuances of her  were believable and we all know one or have known a Rachael. I enjoyed the read and it was for our Book Club, my pick. I think the characters are deep enough for the ladies to pick apart and discuss.
All my friends have read this book and thought it was great with all sorts of twists right through the end. I have to disagree.  I predicted the book's outcome about halfway through and it seemed like it just took the author forever to get there. The main character was not very likable and I only kept reading it because it was this month's book club selection.
The story is told in the first person by three women.  Some of the other characters are not well developed.  Why the protagonist takes a round trip to London every day is, of course, at the crux of the story, but makes no sense because of the great expense involved, especially for someone who has been made redundant.  The time lines of the novel drove me nuts.
Read for book club, lots of differing opinions, but primarily there were no characters to like or identify with.  Interesting use of short sentences by the author as well as the train as the framework of the story.  So much had to do with Rachael's drinking, we were all fed up with her behavior.  Most did not figure out who "did it" until the very end.
If you're a reader, you could probably predict the twists in this book. It was an entertaining way to pass the time for a week's commute but I doubt it's a book I'd go back to read again. The editing needed to be better - there were some loose ends and inconsistencies that needed to be wrapped up better and feels like should have been caught before publication
The Girl on the Train was one of those books I just couldn't put down!  Every time I thought I had figured things out, another facet of the story came up and changed my guess.  It definitely kept me reading as I couldn't wait to find out what really happened!  Don't pick this book up unless you've got some time to kill because you won't be able to put it down!
The writing technique took me a little while to get used to, but after a while, I got into it a bit, just had to pay attention to the dates and person perspective noted at each chapter to follow along. The story itself wasn't groundbreaking or particularly noteworthy to me, just the way it was told in the bouncing perspectives.  A decent read, not spectacular.
A little slow to begin with as it was read like a journal and changed so often it was a hard to get to know the characters and their lives. This I then realised was well done because their lives intertwined into solving a mystery and gave a great insight to the different personalities coping with their own demons. A great novel to read with a gripping ending.
Good fast paced thriller. Paula did a good job in keeping you guessing as to who the actual killer was. Gave it four out of five stars only because the general plot is a bit unoriginal. Like "Sleeping with the enemy" and "Fatal attraction" (to name a couple) you reach a point where the outcome is obvious. Well done though. Better than most thrillers I've read.
I give The Girl on the Train 4 starts because it is a true page turner. The "who done it" aspect is played up very well.  The end was a bit unsatisfying, and there are a few characters I wish were better developed with more in depth background stories. Over all a good read that turned me into an antisocial hermit for 2 days, until I was able to finish!
Read this one. It will keep you on your toes while weighing the various options of the meaning of what the girl on the train saw and the tragic events that followed. The protagonist (the girl on the train)  does become something of a busybody while doggedly pursuing a solution to the twisted events that she stumbled upon. The train moves fast and the girl even faster.
It is not a book you can pick up and put down.  The many characters in it tended to confuse the reader if you didn't continue reading. If you put it down, when you picked it up, you had to go back to see who the different characters were in relation to the story line.  Then different names were put to the same person by the main character.  At times confusing.
On recommendation, I picked this up. I liked the interwoven life stories of the main characters, but it felt there was a decided lack of connection between the tertiary and main characters. An interesting approach to the storytelling, though I didn't find any of the characters at all likable. Except for maybe Rachel, who I didn't like until the last 30 pages.
This was hands down one of the best books I have ever read. If your one of the many who loved gone girl, this book is defiantly for you. Its one of those books you can't put down, you finish within days and at the same time don't want to actually finish because it's just that good. Real page turner, real suspense, constant unexpected plot twist. A must read!!
Maybe my expectations were too high - but the story was not strong.  Rachel was an unlikable character - she torments her X-husband and his new wife.  She grabs the husband's baby and runs unto the yard (!?). Rachel's struggles with alcohol - and - miracle! - she stopped after she killed her husband.  It is hard for me when the main character is so unlikable.
I had a very hard time putting this book down.  The beginning was slow, but into the third chapter, I could not stop reading.  The characters were very complex and at times, I got a bit mixed up with who was who, but in the end, I would highly reccommend this for a summer read.  This would also make a great movie.  I saw a little of "Gone Girl" in it.
As hard as I tried to want to like this story, it just became more and more depressing, disappointing and irritating with each turn of the page. The title is great, if only the story lived up to it. The characters, especially Rachel, were twits spinning around a hard to believe lame story. I kept hoping it would get better, alas, it is a trainwreck of a tale.
This novel held me spell-bound!  When I thought I had figured it out, I found I was way off!  It was a real page-turner with great character development.  I especially enjoyed the story being presented from changing points of view; Rachel, the alcoholic ex-wife, Anna the current wife, and Meagan, the murder victim....so many possible motives to want her gone!
I started reading about a day and a half ago. I would've finished sooner if I didn't have a job and kids ;)<br/><br/>From the very beginning, the author creates such emotion that you can't help but sympathize with each of the characters. The added suspense and the way the twist unravels made it literally impossible for me to stop until I knew what happened!
I love books which change authors thereby changing perspectives.  I found I had to keep a timeline of events and even then I was caught off guard.  I do love it when that happens!  The main character is pathetic in her alcohol-soaked state and her severe lapses in judgement seem par for the course.  Lots of twists and turns and kept me guessing to the end....
Couldn't put this down from the beginning.  While the main character's life seems to be unraveling, the book takes you through her story, past and present, to unfold why she is the way she is.  Parallel stories told from the point of view of the other characters weave together to make a suspenseful, well written tale of betrayal, lies, and eventually, murder.
I did not like Gone Girl that much. So when I read the description of this one I was willing to give it a chance based on the fact that the premise was interesting to me I liked Girl on the Train much better.  I can't even articulate why but I would just say if the premise intrigues you and you were disappointed with Gone Girl, then maybe give this one a try.
The book started out slowly, not really explaining a lot.  But, as the story progressed it got very interesting.  It was hard to know if the women characters were actually one person with multiple personalities (my thought!) or really different people.  It was a very interesting style of writing once I got into the book.  I was relieved at how the book ended.
I found The Girl on the Train intriguing.  I haven't read anything like it .. it was so honest about the emotional deluge of divorce when love is lost, manipulation and the use of alcohol to dull the pain.  Paula Hawkins drags you along to such a different ending than you imagine... It took me quite a while to pick the plot... a great read and a great ending.
I haven't had a book In a while that I wanted to actually continue to read without feeling forced to just finish it because I started it . I really like this book , it kept me interested , I actually felt like I was on the train with her watching these people and I felt most scenes the same way .. excellent read , quick , I hope to read more from this author
I didn't want to read this book, but my book club selected it and I want to be part of the discussion. Has all the earmarks of the giant best seller it is - short chapters, no challenging vocabulary words or complex ideas, and just enough sexual references to satisfy those who require that. An unsatisfying read about damaged, unlikable people. Time wasted...
Having the tale told from the perspective of the three main women in the book helped to create depth and interest in each of their stories. I thought it helped to keep the suspense and prolong the identity of the culprit. A little weak at the end, would have liked more epilogue details, but I find that to be typical in most novels. Overall an enjoyable read.
I liked this book. The word pictures and descriptions were very good, and you could almost see everything as you read along. I had a little difficulty with Rachel. She seemed incredibly stupid in the risks she took,but maybe there are people who would act as she did. The book kept me guessing, and it was hard to put down.<br/><br/>who would act as she did.
would have given this book 5 stars, but I really don't like when the narrator changes characters, but I wanted to give it a 4.75 because although the narrator changes characters, they are separated chapters.  But over all, the book was great.  Character development was perfect.  I could really imagine all the characters in my mind.  This is a must read book.
The author slowly  reveals a tantalizing murder mystery through the narratives of the three female characters. It is a quick paced who-dunnit that leaves the reader not quite sure who the culprit is until the very end. A real page turner that keeps the reader engaged from start to finish.
IT IS INTERESTING TO HAVE THE STORY TOLD FROM THE POINTS OF VIEW OF THREE WOMEN.  THERE IS SUSPENSE, AND THE ENDING IS SOMEWHAT UNEXPECTED.  IT WAS FUN TO READ, BUT I WOULD NOT CARE TO READ IT AGAIN.  AS WITH ALL (IT SEEMS) CONTEMPORARY NOVELS, THE AUTHOR FEELS COMPELLED TO INSERT THE VULGAR "F WORD", WHICH I FIND DISGUSTING AND TOTALLY UNNECESSARY.
I was looking for a summer read and decided to grab this book on a whim.  Paula Hawkins writing is amazing and she delivers this novel in a very uniquely written way. You do have to pay close attention at the beginning of every chapter so you are aware of which character's life you are taking a peak into. It took me two days to read, I couldn't put it down.
When I first started reading this, it was hard for me to grasp the narratives.  Once I realized how it was being written, I got more in tuned with the story line.  About halfway to 3/4 of the way through the book, I then got anxious to see how it was going to end.  In talking with others who have read the book, my take away is they liked it more than I did.
Of course the characters were all over the top crazy, and like others reviewers, none if them (except Cathy) were likable.  I don't happen to think, however that the characters have to be likable for a book to be good. The story is woven together beautifully, with many twists, and I didn't figure it out until almost the end. I was entirely hooked. Loved it.
This book starts slow and confusing, but overall a great read.  It was so well written you could not put it down.  My only complaint was that the beginning failed to grab my attention because I could not figure out what the overall story was about.  It seemed as though it was a slow story about a troubled girls life on a train, but that was only part of it.
I just completed this thriller, which will be reviewed by my book club this summer.  It was a little hard to follow initially, because of all the twists and turns and the fact that I have a Kindle copy, when a paper book may have made follow-along easier.  I made a paper list of all the characters and their parts in the novel, and loved the book thereafter.
I enjoyed this book but just admit it frustrated me that the main character is so helpless. It does have some good twists and is action packed, so never a dull moment. I do recommend reading it, but just have patience with the main character...she does have some break through moments here and there that make it worth bearing through her self imposed issues.
A great read. Good characters with lots of twists and turns. I had several changes in my feeling towards the main character ranging from disdain to compassion. I had read the reviews prior to purchasing and nearly didn't read it because someone said the characters were too complicated and confusing. But I am glad I went with the other reviews that liked it.
I enjoyed this book.  It is a good mystery and  an entertaining read, and  at the end of the day that's pretty much what I look for in light fiction.  I think the author did a good job of developing the main character. Rachel is sadly intriguing,  I did care about her and what was going to happen to her.<br/> I also enjoyed the setting which is in England.
This book had interesting characters,and an intriguing premise. I used to ride the El in Chicago and create stories about the people who lived in the houses we passed and so I was interested right away in this book. It  had enough suspense to keep my interest. I thought the characters were well drawn.  I think this book is comparable to "Gone Girl".
much heralded book was disappointing to me.  unfortunately I didn't care at all what happened to any of the main characters, I didn't find them interesting.  however,  the 'thriller' ending was well done. also I found the gimmicky chapters with titles that named the characters with a particular date and time wasn't worth the effort to keep track of.  SORRY!
All I can say is that if you enjoy good literature you will not be disappointed in this book. I loved the story from beginning to end. The paragraphs were beautifully written. I don't review by telling the story. I can tell you, though,  that my time was very well spent reading this book. I immediately recommended it to family and friends after reading it.
It was an easy summer read. It was not the best mystery novel written...and the characters were a pretty one note. But I was looking for a quick summer read and this fit the bill. The writing was good and the plot kept me in it...I was fairly certain I knew who did it early on but nevertheless it was worth the read. I would give it 3 1/ 2 stars if I could.
At some point I figured out where the book was going. I won't spoil it for other readers, but pretty much in Megan's first chapter. Still an entertaining read. The story was engaging and well-planned. I love the flawed, unreliable narrator. Also recommend "The First Bad Man" by Miranda July, which is not a mystery but has the same type of narrator.
It is really rare for a book to be so interesting that I can't put it down, but this one I just couldn't stop reading! The storyline is very well organized so that the characters are not confusing to keep straight. If you like a good mystery, this one is for you. Hopefully this will be a movie soon! This would be a fabulous summer book for you on vacation.
The Girl on the Train is a solid book and I loved the writing style. The human qualities of the characters and the narrative draws the reader into the story. Though the story is bleak, depressing at times, Paula keeps you engaged and attentive as you find out more about Rachel's sordid life. Well written, well executed and a wonderful read!
interesting enough to keep me reading. Wish there had been more explanation  of / consequences to the "villain". would have made a more satisfying ending for me. However, I did enjoy the read and was not entirely sure who did what which I usually figure out way before the end so I'd have to give points here. All in all a good weekend/ bedtime read.
As I read this book, I could already see the movie coming out next year (cast your actors once you've finished).  Yes, it was reminiscent of "Gone Girl" as far as the narratives and dates but the overall tone was much softer than Gillian Flynn's.  It's a good mystery and even if you figure out who did it, the ending is still thrilling with a twist.
I liked the premise of this book, but felt it kept doubling back on itself. The mental problems of the heroine were very clear and at times over-dramatized. The message in this book could have been delivered more succinctly. I didn't feel there was much suspense in the latter half of the book. The beginning was good. About a C plus or B minus as things go.
I was surprised that I couldn't give it a 5 star.  With the book being on the number best sellers list I thought it would be much better.<br/>Good story - good ending but hard to get thru to the great surprise ending!  My friend was having trouble finishing the book - I told her to read quickly the ending was worth it.  Another friend is STILL reading it.
I'm about 3/4 of the way through and am not liking the book at all.  I'll update when finished, but I dislike this book enough I can't resist posting something about it.  Utterly unlikeable characters.  There's nobody that I like enough to root for and the characters all make such ridiculous, stupid decisions that they all deserve whatever happens to them.<br/><br/>Update:<br/>Finished now and my opinion hasn't changed.  Predictable, unsatisfying ending.  Characters remained thoroughly unlikeable from beginning to end.
This book wasn't as good as I had hoped, but a friend told me it was worth the time to read, and it was.  It did have some twists which I did not see coming, and there were some sad parts too (mainly about the girl herself).  It isn't the kind of book that is going to keep you up at night to finish, and I wouldn't pay full publisher's price for it either.
I was curious to read this book and had a wonderful time with it. Its organization is very ingenious, you are quite captivated by the characters and there is an interesting element of hopelessness yet not completely that's well balanced. The twists are not so surprising but very enjoyable. It's a very good thriller, well narrated and extremely well paced.
This book is slow to start and from the beginning you question why it was on the best seller list for so long.  The main characters are depressing and seem to never truly develop for the reader.  Although the last third of the book starts to pick up, it was not worth the wait.  Unless you have nothing else available, I would look for another book to read.
This was darker and drearier than I expected, and I almost stopped reading less than 20 pages in.  This was getting great reviews, so I persevered.  I found the switching back and forth between the different character's view points confusing.  I was not surprised at the ending,  and found the plot depressing.  If you like dark murder mysteries, go for it.
I read a lot of mysteries but apparently not so much this style. I found it creepy as I read but I couldn't quit reading till the end. It was very well structured and written. I kept wondering how it could be made into a movie because it would be great! Sort of a British Gone Girl with peeks into private lives and twists and turns. I still think about it!
This book was recommended to me by a friend with who we read each other's recommendations all the time.  But this book started out with the "squirm" factor (uncomfortable for me) and I almost put it down.  Because I trust my friend, I stuck with it.  "The Girl on the Train" wound up being one of the most enjoyable books I've read all year.
At first I was a bit taken back by the format. After I got used to the idea that each chapter was from a different characters perspective  I found it quite interesting. When reading this book it is very  important to keep track of the time frames, posted every so often, and the characters. All in all I found it a great book and recommend it to my friends.
This might be the fastest I've ever read a book.  It held my interest and I loved how the chapters jumped between each of the three women. Rachel, the main character, is sad, sick, drunk, and just plain crazy most of the time. But, I liked her. The only reason for 4/5 stars is because the book ended too abruptly. I wanted more story after the dramatic end
I found this novel difficult to begin. If I had stayed with it for several hours at the beginning it would have impacted me more and I would have gotten a better grasp of the main characters when the author  jumped  from one to another.  When I Put the book down for a few days, I had to retrace pages/chapters to follow the story line. Interesting mystery.
I bought this book based on it's reviews which were mostly very good.  The book was a good mystery with many twists and turns.  However,<br/>I thought it dragged on with not much action or plot for some period of time.  Towards the end, the book finally livened up with quite a surprise<br/>conclusion.  It's an OK book but not one that I would recommend.
This book tried too hard to be a twisting mystery.  I got tired of hearing about the main character's drinking problem and the way this all played out ended up being pretty unrealistic.  The story idea was a good one, but I just didn't care for this actual story.  I did give it 3 stars because I did finish it.  If I don't even finish a book it gets a one.
I think references to "Gone Girl" are not fair. Other than a missing girl and first person, there's nothing else....so don't expect that.<br/><br/>Expect to get sucked into the character's inner thoughts. This author does a great job of giving each character a unique voice. And those voices will sit with you weeks after you've finished the book.
I was disappointed in the book mostly because of the writing style. I found it difficult to keep track of who was telling the story without going back to the chapter beginning. Since I was reading on my Kindle that was not an easy feat. That being said, I was kept in suspense until the end! An entertaining read that would make a good "beach book".
It was a page turner!  I kept trying to guess all the angles, but it wasn't until the end of the book that it all came together!  I felt frustrated with the ongoing day to day stuff that was going on.  They tease you just enough to keep you going.  I felt that the girl should get a job in her home town so  she wouldn't have to watch people from the train!
If you like a good mystery with deeply constructed characters, you'll enjoy this book. Although I did find the main character a bit too needy and overbearing to be likable at times, there is good reason for her behavior. I read this novel in less than a day and this is not usually the case with me. The storyline was good enough to keep me that interested.
I love this book.  The twists and turns. The feeling that  you knew and were part of every woman involved in the mystery and you cared for each one of them. The writer made you feel compassion for their flaws and weaved you through a mystery that keeps you guessing until the final page
Found this book hard going and did not enjoy it
Never finished it. Just didn't hold my interest
The story starts out very identifyably with a daily train commute to and from a job that passes a row of houses, one in which reveals a young couple that intrigues the main character. She day dreams a whole life scenario for the couple never thinking in her wildest dreams her life would intertwine with theirs in a psychological thriller of uncertainties.
I saw this book on the best seller list for a while and decided to try it.  I got the book with my audible credits.  I've never listened to an audiobook so fast before.  Kept me guessing and I had no idea of who the "bad guy" was until the very end.  Can't wait to see this in a movie.  Just saw that potentially Emily Blunt will be playing Rachel.
This book can best be described as "clumsy". I can't believe that anyone could remotely compare it to Rear Window. Frustration is a poor substitute for suspense yet that is what the author creates with her first person narration and back in forth in time thing. If you want to hear a neurotic drunk relating her  life story you will love thsi book.
The characters in this book are not very likeable. However, the author does a wonderful job drawing you into the story. It is "slightly" weird, but very intriguing at the same time. It is a book I could not put down. I had to find out what happened. Great read for what I called a psychological mystery with a lot of feeling for the main character.
I absolutely LOVED Gone Girl, so when this was likened to that book, I was immediately interested. I thought it was a wonderfully woven story, and could identify with the wistfulness of the main character. She was messed up by life, and just trying to crawl out of her depression and hang on to hope. I liked it and will read more of Paula Hawkins' novels.
I did like any of the characters in this book.  I felt that they were all so needy, winey and uninteresting.  I could not wait to finish the book.  I knew something was going to happen but could not figure it out until close to the end. I could not understand why the husband Tom put up with Rachel like he did.  I definitely would not recommend this book.
Twisted emotions, love gone wrong . . . those are the basic ingredients in this gripping tale of love, revenge, abuse and human fragility. And, although the carefully crafted plot is in some ways a classic "whodunnit" that'll keep you guessing, it's beautifully wrought character that makes it almost impossible to put down.<br/><br/>I suggest you don't.
I wasn't in love with this book as much as some were. The best characters are always flawed, but I found it hard to like Rachel, or any of them for that matter. I found the plot simplistic and not very suspenseful, and I guessed the ending pretty early on.  But I was engaged enough to read to the end. It was certainly no "Gone Girl" but not awful either.
I hesitated purchasing this book but found myself captivated by such a cast of unlikable characters. Rachel was interesting as she sought to find a purpose in her life. The ending happened rapidly and was a bit of a surprise. I probably could have figured it out if I hadn't been reading so rapidly to find out what horrible thing was going to happen next.
Kept thinking how similar it is to "Gone Girl" - which was a better crafted piece. But, this is, still, a good read. It's important to keep the timeline straight. So, pay attention to the dates and times at the chapter openings. Interesting device of telling the story always from the first person point-of-view depending on chapter identification.
This book has a very slow start. I picked through the first twenty pages for a month before I actually sat down to read it. It was worth the second effort. It's a well written whodunnit and I should have been more persistent when I first started reading book.  Readers will find an enjoyable book with plot twists and turns to stimulate your imagination!
I found the book to be well written, but at times annoying switching back and forth from the characters.  I didn't think it was as good as some of the reviews claimed.  I figured out who did what well into the book, but it really was painful at times to get to the main point.  I would recommend it as it is well written, but I did find it was just okay.
So much more than I expected! I have to admit I did figure it out right before the end. At first, I was disgusted with Rachel and then I began to see what had happened to her. A great story in that it shows how life is not always how it seems or appears. After I finished reading the story, I thought about Rachel for days afterwards. Very intense story.
It took a few pages to warm up to the the sad and pathetic girl on the train, but once I was in her head I held on for the ride of my life!  So many twists and turns...I was guessing right up until the end!  Wonderful characters, and while I liked some, and despised others the author kept me rethinking my judgements right up until the end.  Great read!
I purchased this book because it was on the New York Bestseller list. When I begin reading the book, the narrator was so incredibly flawed. She was a hopeless alcoholic who had blackouts and who had lost her job, husband, and house. She was "a hot mess." I liked Rachel. She becomes stronger as the book progresses. Please read the book you will love it!
This was one of the more enjoyable reads from my recent reading jag.  As an American, all of the British stuff was refreshingly different, but more than that, the story and particularly the interesting circumstances of the protagonist absolutely drew me in.  Did not see the ending, or even most of the plot twists, coming.  Excellent job, Paula Hawkins!
A real page turner in the manner of "Gone Girl."  Enjoyed the psychological insights to those afflicted to alcoholism and unrequited love. I also enjoyed the England-English (as opposed to American-English). ex: "Would you like A coffee?" instead of "Would you like coffee?" Kept me on my toes looking for these little nuances. :)
While Rachel is not the most sympathetic protagonist (drunks usually aren't) her story is a fascinating one. Interesting approach in this book to weave the viewpoints together of the major participants. Lots of false leads, red herrings, and the self centered perspectives that people often have combine for an interesting mystery and a fascinating read.
This book read like a cross between Big Little Lies and Gone Girl--it was very suspenseful and dark, but also had a lot of relationship drama. None of the characters are very likeable, but they are all interesting. The twists and turns in this book are hard to predict and Hawkins keeps you guessing until the end. I would definitely recommend this book.
Hard for me to get into , but, went back and finished it.  So many characters in first person that at times hard to follow.  Slow to get into then picks up.  Happy to see Rachel finally find herself!  You do want to find out who killed one of characters so picks up speed after.  Both Tom and Scot were pathetic male characters with no respect for women.
I ended up really enjoying this book, although it took me awhile to get into it. At first the story is disjointed in the telling, since you are getting different perspectives. I have read many books that employ this technique, so I think it can be done in a less confusing way. Overall though it was a good read and quite suspenseful. I would recommend!
This is a great mystery and a really fun read.  i ended each chapter with a different guess as to the final outcome, and the book is well written but the word choice is accessible, making for a smooth, totally engrossing read.  I fully recommend it, but only if you have a couple of days to curl up and do nothing, because it is pretty hard to put down.
I thought this book was pretty good. I was little annoyed with the main character she was so down on herself and just depressing but once you keep reading the book you begin to understand her more and her actions (good character development). There is also quite the twist in this book, totally unexpected! It has a Gone Girl feel to it but not as dark.
A story of smoke and mirrors.  A sad sack of a woman rides the trains to her supposed job in London daily and makes up names and personalities for the people she sees out the window.  When she witnesses an unlikely behavior in one of these people, she decides to get involved.  Is she really the person she has been led to believe she is?  What is real?
I can only assume that MS. HAWKINS paints an accurate picture of contemporary angst and addiction since I deliberately avoid both as much as possible.  If readers learn to avoid both, and build positive lives, then she will have made a valuable contribution.  If today's " low infos" miss both, then it will become just another forgotten story.
main character is quite depressing so i sped through the book to avoid having to deal with her for too long. the story and its characters are pretty messed up and i see why some people compare the book to gone girl.  i'd say you get better closure than gone girl.  minus one star for how the main character makes the reader depressed/miserable as well.
I can see people wanting to call this THIS YEAR'S GONE GIRL, and this would be somewhat apt. Unreliable narrator. Inventive, circuitous narration. Flawed, even unlikable, characters.  It seems not as strong as Flynn's book in its ambition, but better in the sense that you don't feel like you need a shower afterwards to wash the characters off of you.
Loved this book, great suspense. It did take me a little while to get in to it. I felt like it started off so dark and depressing. Now that I'm reviewing it, I am realizing it stayed pretty dark. But the story really picked up and by the end it was one of the books that caused me to forgo bedtime and stay up into the morning trying to get to the end.
A pretty good novel that forces you into the lives of several people, with a murder that brings the whole plot into focus.  Some may find the style a bit irritating as the chapters flip from one person to the next.  Each personality is similar enough that I sometimes had to look back to see which one was engaged.  I enjoyed the book and recommend it.
I really enjoyed it! It's a fun & exciting read that keeps you interested from page 1, holding your attention until the very end.  I love the description of Rachel, you almost feel like you know her from somewhere.  It's a perfect weekend book for a trip to the beach or just have a chance for a nice lazy weekend, this is perfect. Highly recommend!!!!
It took a long time to get the action going and I never really identified with the main character.  It took some perseverance to read the book.  I know why they compare it to Gone Girl, because there are similarities between the books in the writing style and formatting of the plot.  If you have the time to dedicate to the book, by all means read it.
A bit confusing in the beginning understanding the various voices, but once you realize there are 3 women points of view narrating, it's a fast and easy read. Don't be influenced one way or the other by the comparison to Gone Girl. Yes, the story is told by more than one person, and yes, you're not sure who "did it." But it stands on its own.
I will never see a train again without thinking of this book.  Very unusual main character and a plot that kept me reading just one more little bit...okay, just one more...one more.  Loved all of the twists and turns.  My husband who seldom reads things like this is reading it now and has just said, "Just one more little bit...."  Great book!
When I first started reading this book I didn't think I would like it The format was a little different Three women names list for different chapters but once I got started it sure kept me interested  only a few main character probably 5 or 6 and that all the author need good read
While it was definitely a page- turner, all three females are pathetic! They seem to put way too much of their worth into their relation w the men in the book, very flawed, controlling, lying men. The only man who seems decent is the psychiatrist. I was rolling my eyes ALOT but it was a book club book so I dutifully read. No character was like-able.
It was a fast, easy read once you realized that the chapters were different characters viewpoint.  The publisher's heading the chapters with the names in such light type caused one to skip over them and created the confusion.  Seems to be a combination of Gone Girl and the true life situations in a couple of murders in the headlines in recent times.
Loved it! One of the few books I've read really quickly (1 day - only because I had to sleep!) It was that good. Interesting characters and gripping suspense which makes a perfect formula for a blockbuster.<br/><br/>The ending got a little predictable about halfway in but the ride throughout was like a rollercoaster.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
So often one reads that a "book" keeps them up all night, and when you read that "book" you do not stay up all night. Well, this book did keep me up all night.  From the first page you are mesmerized and keep trying to figure out the outcome.  It was one of the best books that I have read in a long time and the characters came alive.
Loved this book. First time I have read anything form this Author and am looking forward to reading another. Her character development had me genuinely feeling sorry for the main character and believing what the main character was perceiving as real. I love books that keep my mind trying to guess whats going to happen next. Definitely a page turner!
A real page turner. Complex plot that unravelled bit by bit keeping the reader fascinated.  believable characters, tightly and well written. The technique of telling the story from the point of view of 3 women worked well but it took me a few chapters to realise the dates at the head of each chapter were vital to the understanding. Highly recommend.
I felt it was suspenseful and I wanted to see what would happen next. Good characters. I am a f an of British shows so I was happy with the setting. I felt as though I could picture the rows of homes from the train. The story plot from the train was interesting, I wondered how it would feel to know people on the train are watching you as they go by.
Took several chapters to get into the book, but there was enough in the early stages to peak the interest to keep going. It is definitely a book that will keep you guessing until about 3/4 quarters of the way through it then you put it together, which I was hoping for a little more suspense...however it is well written and definitely worth the read.
I was confused for a while about who was the girl on the train but the characters kept me reading and guessing as to who was the killer. It was a good book and I was pleased how the women helped each other out in the end. Opposition brings us together. It really bad when you lie so much that you can't believe yourself or don't know the true reality.
One of the most disfunctional characters I've ever encountered. The book was a little difficult because of how unlikable she was. There were some interesting twist throughout. I'd say the book was worth reading but didn't like up to all the hype around it.
It took me a while to get into it.
Just when you think it's time to go to the next book - it get's good.  Stick with it! / great ending
It was a little difficult to get in to book but once I did it was pretty good.
Fantastic.  Could not put it down.
An interesting story being told through different people and their perspective. A very different take.
I friend I work with recommended that I read this book. I have never read the author before, but I so enjoyed it.  I read the whole thing in a weekend and it lingered with me way longer. Very powerful narrative and contagious. For days after reading this book, I would catch myself narrating my mundane life in my head. Loved it! You need to read it!
I loved it.  She really kept the suspense building throughout the entire book.  I've read two books recently where the last two chapters are spent wrapping up the story, blah!  Paula truly takes you on a journey till the bitter end.  Very believable accounting of alcoholism, she really gives you a raw perspective from the inside of a tortured mind.
Book drags in spots and repeats itself.  Mainly about three troubled women and an unsolved murder.  No great literary masterpiece but entertaining<br/>and a quick read. Gets depressing as it goes on. No happy beginning and no happy ending. Good at getting you in the head of these characters<br/>and how they are thinking at each poiny of the book.
Just could not get into it. After  about 50 pages I gave up. It was confusing to the point I had to keep flipping backwards to see who was narrating, Just kept waiting for it to become interesting, but decided not too invest any more time in it.  After all the reviews I was expecting a book that I could not put down, so was disappointed in this one
I finished this book in two days.  It was a page turner!
I purchased the audio book because I listen to them to and from work.  If I had bought the book I would have had a very hard time putting it down.  It draws the reader into it as three women speak of their days and you learn how they are enter twined.  I loved it and wouldn't hesitate buying another book by this author.<br/>As for the violence, and sexual content it's very minimal.  For me it enhances the background lives of the women.
Well written novel that delves into self doubt and alcoholism without coy metaphors. The characters are unique, some are tropes but the main characters are complex and intriguing.<br/><br/>I didn't know what to expect from the book's vague descriptions and it was best that the plot wasn't spoiled for me. Don't read too many reviews. Just read it.
Great book
A great read that initially requires a bit of extra attention to grasp which of the character's perspective you are hearing from. Perhaps more of an issue on a kindle than the book. However after the initial confusion I found the book to move at a fast pace. With some twists that were predictable and some surprising. As a book club book it was fun.
This book is so good!  I could not put it down.  I highly recommend it!
The characters were great.  The story was unexpected and I could barely stop reading for dinner!  As the story took it's twists and turns (much like a train), I found my loyalties and likes/dislikes of each character changing with the story.
Amazing Hitchcock type novel. Enthralling had me gripped to the end. Loved the intrigue twists and turns.  Couldn't put it down.
Almost read it in one day, held my attention, full of interesting twists and the ending was a surprise. I could see this made into a movie.
This was a quick read and we'll written, but very predictable.
Took a few tracks to really get into it, but once I did it was a very compelling story.  Well-performed by all 3 readers.
I flipped through the pages to find out what happens but I didn't like the characters at all.  If someone told me how it ended I would not have felt the need to read the story through.
The story of one of the main characters felt a bit over-played for a while, however by the end of the book this makes more sense.  A good story that held my attention.  Finished the book in two days.
this was recommened to me by many friends. Boy was it a treat!!! twists and turns and tons of good plots!
Intense! Twisty plot. Just when I thought I have it figured out, I realize I am not even close. I could not put down. I read it in two days.
A brilliant book, compelling, complex and a fabulous read.
Great read
I read this book in a day. It was a great read all the way through.
Very intriguing story, very enjoyable read!
What a great read! I couldn't stop even with a newborn at home I had to finish!! Kept me on the edge of my seat.
Must read,the suspense will have you riveted to your seat!<br/>Best suspense book ever!<br/> I am still in shock with the ending...
Great character buildup and very suspenseful with easy writing style. Hooks you from the first few pages. Quick and light read... Hope they make it into a movie!!
A great read!!!
I would rate this book 3-1/2 stars.  I enjoyed most of it, and did finish it.  However, I did not care for ANY of the characters.  In particular, I found the main character, Rachel, highly dislikable, as she consistently made poor choices.  There was not anyone I was routing for throughout this entire novel.  At the end, what kept me reading was that I was concerned about whether or not the little girl would be kept safe.....and that's about it!
Poorly written. Characters bursting in tears about every other page
Gripping and sexy.
The idea of the girl on the train...her life and the life of others whirring along is intriguing. But then there is the dark, twisted, and bizarre parts...
Story is about predictable characters doing predictable things, with a writing style that is confusing as best, and uneven in it's story telling. Pacing is steady until first half, and falls of second half, the suspense is not so much of it as in converging viewpoints of three predictable characters. At the end this book is just like a passing train - you blink and you missed nothing.
This was a good read. The story had a few twists and turns and I loved the unpredictability of the plot. The main character was a hot mess, but endearing at the same time.
I did not enjoy this book at all. I did not actually LIKE any of the characters, making it extremely difficult to slog through. It is hard to be concerned about a cast of people you cannot sympathize with! I found the main character annoying, making constant bad decisions, even while commenting on how bad her decisions were. Although the actual writing was good, and there were some surprises, I am not quite sure why this one is so popular.
Couldn't put it down!  It has been awhile since I've read a book that has kept my attention as well as this one.
I was hooked after the first chapter. As a former train commuter I could definitely relate to Rachel's observations of life through the train window. I sympathized with her struggle with divorce and alcoholism. Her character flaws lead her to uncover some bitter truths in life.  Not everyone is who they seem to be.  The book was well written and engaging. I did figure out the twist in the plot, but as facts were revealed, I wanted to know more. I would highly recommend it.
Started out well, and the premise is intriguing,but it but quickly slid into tedium. The characters were interchangeable, and the plotting and dialogue were clunky. I'm not a huge Gillian Flynn fan, but even she does this same sort of thing much better. I kept waiting for the clever twists, the suspense, the shocking denouement. I'm still waiting.
So engrossing! Read this book in less than two days, and I work during the day. Highly recommend, this fast paced mystery, centered around the life of a dysfunctional young woman.
Best psychological thriller that I've read in a while.
It had too slow a start (a little confusing in spots)
Terrible story, similar to the psychotic heroine in 'Gone Girl'; waste of time to read!!!
Exciting, could not put it down, the characters well written and interesting, kept you wondering who done it. A great read.
Don't stop reading this book!  Once you get thought the first little bit (and it is not boring... just building slowly and with purpose), you won't be able to stop.  Like the trains that permeate the story, moving it along and giving it reason, the book begins slowly, like a chugging locomotive trying to pull its passengers, overcoming inertia, and then builds as the story weaves itself in and out of the lives of each character, ultimately racing along like a runaway train rushing headlong with its full inertia, dragging all the passengers (and you) to the final conclusion while making you unable and unwanting to put it down.  Once you figure out the mystery you will watch the characters as they put together the pieces and make decisions leading to their ultimate destinies... and you will be unable to turn away, watching, wishing.<br/>As you read, you meet each character through both her own eyes as well as through the eyes of others... very intriguing.  And I love the use of paralleling the characters and their lives... wonderful!  When you begin reading, you must pay attention to the dates... they are important.<br/>As a warning to those who become engrossed and completely absorbed into books and their characters I must say that during my first couple of chapters I did feel nauseous, but only because one of the main characters was "feeling ill" (and it was not due to content).  Again, this is only because I allow myself to really enter the lives of the characters.  But I am so happy that I did not let that deter me from continuing.  Read this book!
This book was so intense. There were times I just wanted to shake the main character. Great read.
it wandered, confusion in character development.  not my favorite read.
Couldn't put it down.  I had to know. If you liked Gone Girl, this will extend your need for who, what and why.  Great read.
Had a difficult time getting started.
different but i enjoyed it
Kept me on the edge of my seat for the entire ride.
The author purposely intended an interesting story to be confusing...and it was....hard to really get into it.
Excellent read!
Enjoyed
Read the first chapter and I was hooked. Each character has layers and layers. As you proceed through the novel you encounter more mystery and more possibilities of what might have happened. Fun read!
I truly enjoyed reading this book, and once I "got into it", I couldn't put it down.  The ending was a complete surprise!<br/>The character development was great, and I could picture them in my mind as I was reading the book'<br/>I think it would make a good movie!
Great mystery.  Lots of twists and turns.  Hard to put down.
Amazing book. Can't wait for it to get turned into a movie. Kept me in suspense and surprised at every turn!
Couldn't put it down!
I really  enjoyed the book and it's story  line. A regular who did it.  It was a fast  read. Kept your interest.
Entertaining
If you like dark characters and mysteries with twists, this book is for you!
Not the best suspense thriller I've read- wasn't too far in when I figured out who the culprit was. The main character's drunken obsessive behavior is annoying to say the least. Not as good as Gone Girl in my opinion- not sure why the novels are compared aside from both authors having a similar writing style. I say read for the summer- you may love it if your expectations aren't too high.
This is a great book if you're looking for something entertaining that you can get through quickly.  I was able to read it in 3 nights.  It's definitely a page turner and the pace is quick so there weren't any parts where I got bored.  The main character has some issues that were handled in a one dimensional way for me but other than that, I found it to be a solid read.  It was in the same vein as Gone Girl for me.
It isn't the deepest book you will ever read, but you will likely fly through it. It is interesting and you want to keep reading. I consider that a successful book, even if it isn't the most developed content. If you are looking for a good beach or vacation read, this is it.
This book is a faster paced, more realistic, and more disturbing version of Gone Girl. So, if you LOVED Gone Girl then pick this up as your beach read!<br/><br/>To elaborate, the book has a choppy conversational writing style that lends itself perfectly for an audiobook adaptation. (This style seemed somewhat barbaric to me since I read this immediately after reading two of Tana French's Dublin Murder Series novels in a row.) Overall, the writing was nondescript and unimpressively focused on plot and character opinions rather than the setting or descriptions.<br/><br/>The plot itself was pretty good for a brand new mystery/thriller author. I think you can pretty easily determine what happened to the missing woman about halfway through the book, but figuring out the details keeps you reading. Honestly, here were points in the book where I had to pause because it made me feel ill and I knew it would give me nightmares. The book can just get a bit depressing and alarming if you get attached to any of the characters or, heaven forbid, can relate the characters to people you know.<br/><br/>If you'd like an example, here is a quote from the protagonist, Rachel - "I once read a book by a former alcoholic where she described giving oral sex to two different men, men she'd just met in a restaurant on a busy London high street. I read it and I thought, I'm not that bad. This is where the bar is set."<br/><br/>Nonetheless, I'm glad I read this book and I think it makes a wonderful book club discussion book. I look forward to discussing it with my book club at the end of the month, even though I now can see many of them have given it 3 stars on Goodreads.
So many reviews have compared this to Gone Girl and The Silent Wife, but I enjoyed this much more. It was fast paced and I enjoyed the character development. I didn't see the ending coming.
I loved it.  It is a great read. I couldn't put it down.  Lots of twists<br/>And I couldn't begin to figure it out til the end.
well written thriller
I couldn't put it down.
Kept me interested. Predictable towards the end. Makes you wonder what people see as they drive/ride by your house! If you enjoyed gone girl, you'll enjoy this book too.
Good book.  Jumping back and forth in time made it somewhat difficult to follow on an e-book.
Suspenseful read full of twists and turns told in such a way you feel there, a part of the story. Highly recommend the journey from this well written author!<br/>RBS
I started the book at work on lunch, but kept sneaking my Kindle out all afternoon . This book was great fun!
Good mystery!
super
A couldn't put it down book.
I didn't read this, but bought it for my wife. She's a prolific reader with good taste (well...she's my wife) so I listen to her opinions when I'm hungry for my next read. She said this one was just "boring." The plot took was slow to develop and when it did, was unexciting. "Just another murder." She struggled to finish it, saying "...the last quarter was OK if you make it that far."
This book made me think a lot about alcoholism, PTSD, mental illness, how much one should be involved in others' lives - how so many people cope. Also has me thinking about the reliability or not, of memories and how susceptible we are to some one else telling us what happened, how we behaved - there is no "what really happened". It's about what we perceive and commit to memory.  I listened to this on Audio and loved the 3 voices of the women.
Intriguing premise, well-written, made me want to continue reading without putting it down.
One of the best mysteries of the year and one of the all-time bests. All the reviews say everything there is to say. It's not just 'the next Gone Girl', it's much better in my opinion. Shades of Christopher Nolan's 'Memento'. Brilliantly written Hitchcockian murder mystery with corkscrew twists throughout and a final twist at the very end. Read it!
Very good book... Kept my interests up!
Loved to read from more than one characters perspective. If you liked Gone Girl, you'll love this book. Great for book club.
This book lives up to its hype....very much of a page turner, and lots of twists and turns. We feel that we know the people but we really don't. Well written and extremely imaginative.
Just finished reading this book and would highly recommend it for a quick,entertaining read. This  page turner is sure to grab you with a cast of characters that you really can't trust. The author did an extraordinary job of leaving you guessing, with out trying the patience of the reader. If your looking for a summer weekend read. This book is it!
Let me just say I HATED IT,  I do not understand the attention this book received.  I found the  main character such a loser so unsympathetic that I couldn't finish the book and that's unusual for me.
Good fast read!
I was disappointed.  What plot twists there were, were not well done.  It was as if the author was deliberately confusing the reader as to time, place and direction in the narrative.
Good read, holds interest, got me! Would highly recommend.
never finished it.
Starts well, then becomes predictable, with some exceptions. I had just read Gone Girl before this book, which was a far more interesting read.
What a thrilling "who done it"  It kept me guessing and changing my mind about who the killer was. Well written. I couldn't put it down and read it in 2 days.
I wouldn't compare it to gone girl like many other readers .... Slightly similar to Dark Places based on the flashback first person chapters but not as entertaining.  All of the characters are kind of blah and the chapters feel incredibly repetitive.  You get a feel of where the story is leading about 55% of the way so it compels you to keep going.
At first, I didn't think I was going to enjoy this book but after a few chapters it starts to suck you in if you are at all, a curious person. You find yourself wanting to find out what happens to all the characters. I did figure out, towards the end of the story who the murderer was but still thought the mystery was intricately woven and exciting.
Wonderful book!!
Intriguing concept.  Anyone who has ridden on a train has perhaps had these flights of fantasy, which the author has emboldened the protagonist to act on.  Great interplay between what is real and what is imagined.  Admired the protagonist's search for the truth inspite of her awareness of the criticism and thoughts of others.  Very enjoyable read.
A great read.
Very much like "Gone Girl"<br/>Weird<br/>However, it makes one wonder about the books that get on the Best Seller" list<br/>Guess people like weird things
At first I thought it was confusing, with the 3 girls and their stories.once I figured all that out it was very enjoyable and the ending was a surprise to me.
mwife loves it.
The story became more intriguing the more I read.  Interesting twists and turns.  The story and characters were depressing but did enjoy the character development.  I would recommend it to a friend to read.
Great story and character development. Had me guessing until the end. Loved the plot twists and turns. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a good read!
Couldn't finish it. Probably my fault.
Not worth the time or effort to read through this confusing tale.
Excellent, fun read
It has taken me a while to find a book that gave me the same thrill that gone girl had, however I have also felt conflicted because I don't want another book that is the exact same storyline as gone girl. I was weary of this at first because of that, but the reviews convinced me. I couldn't put this one down and I found myself invested in the characters just as a real thriller or any great book should make you feel. Such a great twist that pleasantly surprised me!
couldn't put it down from the minute I started it.
Great book.Character development draws the reader in.
I just could not get in it. To much of a chick book for me and the setting did not exicite. Just could not relate, sorry.
Loved it. It reminded me of Gone Girl.
This is a hard read for a recovering alcoholic!  But keep going.  I was lost in the disease through the first 30 percent of the book and finally got involved in the mystery.
Wonderfully written.  Engaging.  A can't put down.
Didn't care for it. Very contrived.
Took a bit to get into. But had a few twists in it. Couldn't put the book down in the finish.
It was a bit boring in places and unclear when you changed characters.  Confusing.
Great Read- hard to put down.
Exciting,fast paced , great read .... It kept me wondering til the very end !!!!!!
The mystery is framed by the main character's inability to remember an evening due to a drunken blackout.  If you would like to experience what it is like to be a drunk, and all the "stuff" and dysfunctional decisions that go along with that, then this book is for you. Not my cup of tea.
I couldn't put this book down wondering how it would end.  A very enjoyable and fast read. I found it equal to the author's last book, "Gone Girl".
I wasn't going to read this after reading the reviews, but something about the plot just piqued my interest and I gave in. So glad I did! This book kept me on my toes and guessing up until the last minute, I loved it. Readers really have to pay attention however because there are many different perspectives to follow. The overall story may be a teenie bit cliche but it's so brilliantly told that it doesn't even matter. I recommend this incredibly engaging book, you won't regret it.
A fast and easy read.
Great plot with twists and turns that lead to a great ending.
Couldn't put it down...page turner!
I enjoyed this novel during the last half of the story. It was ok, a little boring , same scenario chapter after chapter, until the last 1/4 when things started happening. It was also a bit confusing going from character to character and a little hard to follow at times. I finished it because I bought it.
Very good book.  Honest description of the struggle with alcoholism.
Very good book, if a bit predictable. I saw the ending coming a long way off. Worth reading once. Thanks.
Read in February 2015<br/>wow! talk About a wild ride! 3.5 4 stars for me. The story began a little slow for me but I kept going because i knew there was a thrill somewhere. It kept me guessing the entire time about all of the characters and I couldnt figure out who did it so when it happened i was def surprised BUT i dont feel like it flowed well. The shock of who the guilty was seriously came out of no where and I cant figure out if i liked it or not. It really didnt fit that character at all, at least not the way the author wrote it. Also, I felt terrible for the main character, her story is so sad. But that's just it, she's a sad character. By the end of the book, I was more annoyed with her than sad for her. Pitty turned into annoyance as she just happened to remember what she had seen. Not just that but technically she didnt see anything so i didnt feel she was important to the case aside from the fact that she was desperate for... i dont want to say attention but desperate for something. there were so many loose ends here, so many! like:<br/><br/>what happened to the therapist? did the fact that she saw him help her in any way? So was her husband like that the entire time they were together? what is real and what was made up by him? what happened to scott? he was so important to the book then he just fell off? what was the point of the encounter with the red haired man on the train? the fact that rachel is an alcoholic really made me feel for the girl but at the same time i couldnt tell in the end what was what and I couldn't stand her. who was the missing with when she said 'this is the last time' the therapist or the husband? see what i mean? so many questions that didnt lead to the end but didnt give me any closure. over all it was a 4 star because it kept my attention through the whole thing and a week later here i am still thinking about it.
I know everyone is hyped about this story and you really don't see the complete ending coming, though you begin to wonder about certain characters.  If Rachel had been at all sympathetic, I probably would have enjoyed it more.  As it is, it's a brilliant piece of misdirection, but with a more likable protagonist I feel it could have been much more.
This book and its characters totally consumed me! I needed to know what happened and couldn't stop turning the pages until I reached the end. Paula Hawkins does a very fine job of creating her characters and a very enthralling story line in her first novel. This book had been highly recommended in two magazines that I subscribe to and now I can see why. There are no dull moments from the beginning to the last page of this book!
I love an author who can make me care about her characters. I enjoyed how complex Rachel's personality read. She had me rooting for her one minute and completely annoyed with her the next. The revelations along the way we're quite surprising. I was intrigued from start to finish.
Overrated!  Not as bad as Gone Girl but close.
this book was just great from start to finish.
Boring - Sorry but I don't see the attraction.
Not a bad book, but not worth all of the hype.
Good read but it tears at your heart and soul.
A superbly written suspense story with incredibly intricate psychological insights into various human conditions.  I found it more engrossing than Gone Girl with a plot which is both believable and riviting. I am amazed at some of the poor reviews, these reviewers revealing a great deal about their own naivete and lack of psychological mindedness.
This is a decent mystery, and while the ending was fairly predictable, it was still a thrilling read. Hawkins did an excellent job of telling the story from three distinctly different voices and giving us an unreliable main protagonist, who's voice intensifies the plot rather than making us doubt the story. It is a fast read and enjoyable mystery.
Really good read. I enjoyed the pace even if it did feel a bit slow. The reveal was good and the pace really picked up. I liked the different narratives. This is the first book I've actually read in years. I did get lost in it and that felt great! I've recommended this to several friends. At 300+ pages it took me a bit less than 3 days. Easy read.
The story starts out a bit slow but then gains speed in the middle. At first I was annoyed by the way Rachel was drinking but when I found out why it made sense. I felt like she was a character I could not relate to but after hearing her trials I felt like she was a friend and I was hoping she would turn out for the better. Definitely a good read!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It took me a little bit to get completely hooked, but I soon became completely absorbed in this book. I analyzed all of the characters while reading this book as if to say "which person is the craziest?" I loved how it all came together in the end and the mystery was solved. I recommend it to all my friends.
Dark, confusing book! Got lots of good reviews, but I found it not so great! Had hard time keeping the characters straight with the jumping back and forth in the chapters. Had some surprises, but pretty predictable after getting into it. Wouldn't recommend it over many other books, but worth a casual look if you're desperate for something to read.
I expected this to be a mystery, and it is, sort of--but it's more the gradual revelation of how the characters propel themselves and each other into sad and violent collisions.  Trains play their supporting roles--and much of what happens feels a lot like I imagine it might be like to watch an impending train wreck that you are powerless to stop.
This book reeled me in from the first page! The plot twists were seamless and kept me totally intrigued. The way the author wove the characters, and their storyline together was genius. To say I loved this book would be an understatement! I definitely recommend this book - great characters, plot twists, emotions so real you actually can feel them.
This was a great book. I loved the author's writing style, and I loved the twists and turns. The characters were relatable, even though I don't have much (if anything) in common with them. I now want to read all of the author's books! I would write more, but I think a lot of the 5 star raters did a great job explaining why this book is so awesome.
An amazing book.  Incredibly suspenseful.  I hated to put the book down - it was so good.  I look forward to the author's next book - this one was riveting. I had no idea who committed the crime until the very end - and once I discovered who did it - the author threw in another twist.  Great book.  If you liked Gone Girl - you will love this book.
I nearly stopped reading this as I initially had a hard time following all the different points of view and dates jumping around. I decided to keep going and it just got better and better. It helps to read this as an ebook, because you can search for names and dates as you read to see what was happening with the different characters. A great read!
Don't know when I've enjoyed a book so much!  Didn't wish to finish it too soon, but couldn't stop reading.  The characters came alive, and I was actually surprised by the ending, which is unusual for me.  The main character was not very admirable, yet one could feel empathy for her misplaced longing.  I would highly recommend this terrific read!!
AMAZING read!  I drew me in right away and kept me until the end.  Some reviewers said it jumped around too much and was hard to follow.... but I don't think it's hard to follow at all.  Yes, it jumps around, but it does so in a way that keeps things interesting.  Such a great change of pace to hear the story from 3 different sides.  MUST READ!!!
Not as great as the reviews I read, but a good read overall.<br/>I guessed what the "surprise" fact was  early on, but only because of reviewers stating there was one.<br/>An interesting view of family function and dysfunction, consequences of poor communication and self-realization coming to fruition.<br/>A bit sad, but hopeful story.
I read this book because of the other good reviews.  It was difficult to get into at first because the characters' stories where on different timelines.  I had to keep a log of person and date for each chapter so I could fully grasp the interconnections.  I love good "who done it" stories, and this is one that I will definitely recommend.
I read this book in two days and only because I had to get up and go to work the next day so couldn't finish in one night. I found Rachel to be a hot mess and somehow I felt like I knew and understood that she couldn't walk away that I couldn't walk away. The story was intriguing and the women in the story seemed so real; flawed and yet so strong
This was my first Audio Book to listen to at bedtime and it was narrated by two, maybe more, English ladies. I got so intrigued listening  to their accents, I still couldn't sleep!<br/>It was pretty good. Sorry I can't comment on the entire book, the narrators were good, expressive, but at times a little hard to understand. I would recommend it.
I found this book to be very well written, full of flawed characters. The whole point of the book was a mystery revolving around a missing girl.  The story was told from different perspectives with the main character, the "girl on the train"  being viewed as the most flawed. The author did a good job,keeping you in suspense until the end.
The Girl on the Train was a slow start, hard to feel sympathy for the main character in spite of the trauma she obviously had experienced.  The suspense and curiosity of what was going on, kept me going for the finale.  It was ok.  Very uncomfortable with all the violence towards the women, too, despite the major drama they were all experiencing.
This is an enthralling book. As much as I sped through it to find out what would happen next, I was reluctant to come to the end because I didn't want the experience to be over. Hawkins is an excellent writer with innovative points of view. Now I wish I had not read "The Girl on the Train" so that I could read it again for the first time.
When I realized how the story was structured I was a little disappointed yet I still expected to like this book.<br/>I didn't expect to love it!<br/>To be so drawn into it to the extent that kept me riveted until way past my bedtime...<br/>I eventually arrived at the conclusion now, at 2:19AM.<br/><br/>Thank for an entirely engrossing story.
I am a "Kindle Addict" and have read many great books, but I have never been so immersed in a book that I couldn't just put this down without giving the author and any potential reader's the 5 stars this book deserves. The plot unique, one that will keep you spellbound until the very last sentence. If you love suspense ,this is must read for you.
I liked the perspective of the story. Told by the three women. I thought there were some long winded parts and that some of the story went on, but there wasn't a lot of that. It kept my interest and there were more times than not that I didn't want to put it down. Good mystery. The story kept you trying to figure out " who did it ". I enjoyed it.
This book kept me interested in what the characters were going to do next. I liked the mystery and twists. I found very entertaining. However, the characters were under developed and lacked any real depth. I didn't like anyone of the characters. I recommend it for entertainment
Paula Hawkins does not disappoint!  Read it on Saturday, could not put it down.  The characters are well developed, plot is intense and I can't wait to discuss The Girl on the Train with book club members tomorrow night.  This is "up there" with Pierre Lemaitre's Irene.
I had heard mixed reviews about this book, so I wasn't sure how I was going to like it.  I did enjoy the book and never would have guessed who the killer turned out to be, so that was a plus.  It reminded me a bit of Gone Girl, but I liked the characters in this book so much better.  I can pictures Melissa McCarthy starring in the movie version!
I would have given it five stars but the ending was way too over the top for me. It felt like the author just got tired of developing the main characters -- or simply decided to give up on them. I couldn't put it down until that weird end. And then, when I put the book down, I was disappointed. You should read it to see if you agree with me. :-)
I loved this book more than I thought I would. It was full of twists and surprises, and I couldn't put it down. I even brought it into work and read the ending as my computer was booting up in the morning. In my opinion, this book is much better than Gone Girl. Best book I've read all summer, if not the best book I've read in the past few years.
I've seen this compared to "Gone, Girl".  This story doesn't remotely live up to the intricacy or the standard of writing of Gillian Flynn's novel though.  It was a light, engaging read, but it got a little unbelievable somewhere near the mid-end.  The protagonist is thoroughly unlikeable and I just lost patience for her partway through.
This is a great book. Although is has something about Gone Girl, the characters are much more interesting and well developed. The main character, Rachel, makes you go from one side to the other about her, and despite her troubled mind, you can identify in some way with her. It is a non stop book and I would definitely read more from this author.
I really enjoyed this novel as a very real-feeling depiction of alcoholism and the havoc it creates in your daily life. To be honest, I do not think the mystery element was very strong here--I had guessed the mystery by about halfway through--but I still really enjoyed the book and thought the author did an excellent job creating her characters.
This is a fast, enjoyable, guilty-pleasure kind of story. I binge-read it in one sitting and was overall quite satisfied. I do think that there are elements of the plot that are a little predictable, particularly for readers who are familiar with Sophie Hannah's style and storylines, however Hawkins' writing is cleaner and slightly more nuanced.
boring
Not exactly a "literature". but a highly entertaining piece of fluff.  I would had liked it more if I hadn't figured it out so soon.  This is a psychological thriller but I saw the solution about two thirds of the the way through the book.  That made the last third fairly tedious for me.  This would be a great book to read on the beach!
The author must be a fascinating person to have come up with the story, envisioned all the different characters and then to have written it in their own voices. For me it was hard to follow at the beginning because I was reading it sporadically but once I began to read it more intensely I found myself being drawn in until the unexpected ending.
This is like a Gillian Flynn "Dark Places" kind of book. The characters in the book have no redeeming qualities. From the drunk, lying stalker main character to the cheating, manipulating ex-husband, there was no one in the book to root for or identify with - I couldn't put the book down!  Give this book a try-you won't be disappointed.
I don't feel this lived up to the hype. I found the characters and plot to be rather one-dimensional. None of the characters are likable nor do they seem realistic because their flaws are all so grossly exaggerated... The plot "twists" are, in general, predictable. However, I did make it to the end, which, I guess, made it an okay read.
The plot was very good and entertaining, when the author finally go to it.  It was about 1/4 of the way into the book before it really caught my interest.  I only kept reading because I had heard it was so good.  I thought the writing was good once I could determine who was who and what was what.  I would recommend it, but not enthusiastically.
This novel caught me from the very beginning and I finished it in a day and a half.  The alternating narrative was a little confusing at first, but once I got into the story it didn't matter. I found Paula Hawkins storyline intriguing, compelling, and somewhat depressing, but the ending made up for it. I would highly recommend this book. Enjoy!
Full of twists and turns! I found this book to be gripping and I couldn't put it down. The writing is great and I enjoyed the inner dialogues of characters  - they really spoke to me. What a dark and yet so realistic piece of writing. I'd recommend to anyone interested in getting into people's heads and understanding what drives us to the edge.
This is a mystery/thriller whose plot is  dependent on  characters who  cheat, lie and drink too much.  I found all the characters really depressing,  and one-dimensional.  There was nothing special about the writing itself.  It's a quick read that seems likely to be made into a movie. I finished it because I did want to find out "who done it".
The characters were not only one-dimensional, they were almost interchangeable. The plot was predictable and there was too much unnecessary padding. Perhaps this would have been a good short story, but as a novel, it's a stretch. I don't understand why this book has received such critical acclaim. My advice is to wait for the (inevitable) film.
This was an in depth glimpse into the heart and soul of a troubled woman. Through the eyes of three different women,  a story of love and betrayal unfolded. The twists and turns of the plot made it difficult to stop reading. The events led to a climax that was unanticipated. Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys an exciting mystery thriller.
It took me awhile to get into the book by of how it switched every chapter between the characters but once I got through a few chapters I couldn't put it down. I have my mom and sister reading it now. I was beyond surprised by the ending and that's what I loved most about it.
An alcoholic who experiences blackouts tries to remember what she saw on the night a woman was murdered.  The character is able to remember feelings but not events.  Some situations in this novel seem implausible, as do the actions of the characters at times.  The main character is not particularly sympathetic.  The ending was easy to predict.
I mostly listened to the Audible narration instead of reading the book.  It was easy to keep up with which character was telling her story, because each of the three narrators were different speakers/readers.  I can see that it might be confusing when just reading.  I listened on long plane, bus and train rides in Europe and enjoyed the story.
I really enjoyed this book - although it started out a bit slow and very bleak to me.  I gave up drinking more than 25 years ago but this storyline brought me right back; all the hangovers, blackouts, shame.....  But the story keeps pulling you along - on that train back and forth.  Compelling.  Lots of surprises!  A very fast read.  Loved it!
The narration way of the story is interesting, narration switches between the 3 heroines. However I did not enjoy the book too much. Maybe it's because I could not identify in any way with the leading character who is alcoholic, weak, poor, dependent, superficial. Maybe it is just that I don't fancy crime books. Could be nice as a flight book.
It took some time to understand the way the story was being narrated but it was a very good book, especially for first time author. I will look for her books in the future. The ending was kind of ordinary, no real surprises. The main character, Rachel, is an alcoholic and was well depicted. Author did a very good job developing the characters.
Was very slow to get into, the first half (and maybe more) is pretty dull and uninteresting. However if you stick with it all the way through, you'll be page turning by the middle of the second half. Interesting character jumps for different perspectives, but becomes very predictable. Overall an ok who done it mystery, but nothing spectacular.
One of the worse books  in long time ; sorry  I spent time to read to end.  Several others in the common residence where I live said same thing.  It should have been titled "The Alcoholic Idiot on the Train  Who Couldn't Mind Her own Business.  Haven't heard anyone who thought it deserved to be #  !  on best book list.  Sorry, sorry, sorry
I enjoyed this book. However, it was not a book I would ordinarily have chosen myself. I read it as part of my book club.  The three main characters are weak women, although one of them shows some strength despite her weakness, which I will not disclose.  All three have different weaknesses, and I guess as a woman I wanted them to be stronger.
While presented as a psychological thriller, the characters are all low-lifes with not a hero in the bunch. There's the drunk with many pages devoted to conveniently-timed blackouts and drunk texting and several women with no self-esteem who repeatedly make poor and predictable choices. A who-done-it, but any of the creeps could have done it.
I really enjoyed this book.  I love POV characters, it makes the story so much more interesting.  I actually read the book in one day because I couldn't put it down.  My book club is passing this one around and I am not the only one who like it.  It is a little like the story in  "Rear Window" by Alfred Hitchcock with lots of suspense.
The writing was good, not remarkable, but the story had many twists and turns.  The only character<br/>who had hope of making something of herself of the main characters is Rachel.  If she is able to<br/>kick the alcoholism, she might prove interesting.  As the main narrator, she was not reliable<br/>because the alcohol blighted her memory.
The book somewhat held my interest, but after awhile it was just the same old thing. It is told thru the eyes of three of the characters which was one of the redeeming features, so when I found myself wondering if I really to finish the book, I kept on reading just to see what the next character had to say. A group of dysfunctional characters!
I think people like to dis on this book and I agree that the characters aren't like able but I don't think they were supposed to me. I wouldn't say this is a thought provoking book and you probably don't need to read it for book club but I loved it. It is a great quick beach read that had me wanting more the whole time. Well some Paula Hawkins
I can't imagine why this book has garnered rave reviews and become a best seller.  The characters are pitiful.  I challenge you to find one of them that you admire.  They are a bunch of lost souls who perpetuate self defeating behaviors.  All that kept me reading was to learn the outcome of the mystery.  Otherwise, these people were loathsome.
I just could not put this book down! They want to lump this in with  'similar' books like Gone Girl, but it's not even close. I hated how Gone Girl went bad halfway through the book but this book keeps the pages turning through the whole thing. It's amazing & I recommend it!
Very good story but I truly hated the lead character.  Though I realize it makes sense to depict the main character the way the author did, I still wanted to jump into the story and beat some sense into her. Intriguing, suspenseful, twisting and turning storyline. Loved it. Knocked off a star only because the lead character is soooo annoying.
You know a book is good when you think about it at work and are excited to get home and keep reading it...it took me just three nights to read it, I'm sure my boyfriend is happy to have me back now! The plot twists and turns and keeps you on the edge... the main character, Rachel, seems very real and relatable. I wish I could give it 6 stars!
I don't like to read stories about sad, lonely, pathetic people such as myself, but a friend recommended this book. It is a real gripper. The characters were easy to follow as the style flows. Why do people have to make things so difficult? Life shouldn't be this tough, but it's our darn big brains, making mountains out of molehills and such.
Good story which keeps you guessing. I love the fact all the characters are flawed and not so likable and I could this being made into a movie.... The three narrators each give a different perspective on the story and their perception of their relationships with others. This makes it interesting. Also a good look of what alcoholism is like...
Could barely put it down from the start, and read probably the last 20% straight through. Ms. Hawkins can really draw you in. Had a wonderful epiphany regarding whodunnit, love it when that happens! She didn't telegraph it, but the clues were there, and once the pieces came together, WHAM! So satisfying; best mystery I've read in a LONG time.
I did read the book but rather listened to it. It was an awesome story and I looked forward to working each day so I could continue the story. I felt the author described the characters very well and made you feel for them. I liked how the story was told from the characters points of view also. It was steady and never boring at all. Loved it!
The story is slow to build up, and the alternating characters seem disconnected and leaves me rather clueless for the first half of the book. Tensions builds up slowly in the final parts of the book, although I was a bit disappointed without seeing Tom arrested at last. It is a good book, but Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl is better than this one.
Fantastic book.  I did manage to figure out what had happened about 3/4 of the way thru, but I still couldn't stop reading it because I wanted to make sure I was right. I know it was a great book because 1) I read it over a 3 day period since I could not stop reading it and 2) I found myself missing the characters after I was done reading it.
I was involved and interested with the book but I was never truly hooked. It was interesting and thought provoking at times. It's a pretty good book with insight into the mind of a male sociopath. I like how it was realistic in that way but the numerous alcoholic blackouts from the main narrator make it hard to believe. Not bad and not great.
Rachel, the narrator, is an alcoholic. Her drinking broke up her marriage and got her fired from her job. Most of the first half of the book is an endless litany of her getting drunk, throwing up, apologizing, mewing to her ex-husband, etc. During one of her binges, something occurs but she doesn't remember because of alcohol-induced amnesia.
Exceptionally written.  The overall plot of the book was what I expected from the description, but it still kept my attention and the ending was a surprise.  The characters were extremely well developed and very believable. The writing made you feel like you were an observer as to what was going on.  You wanted to step into the book and help.
I thought the book well written but confusing.  It looks like it is now the new fad to switch characters at each chapter. Kingsolver was a master at it and started the new genre but it is now getting tiring.<br/>I could not get into the characters and it went on for too long with too many repetitive scenes. I do think the book is over rated.
Loved this book. While it's true none of the characters are hugely likable, it's smartly written without a wasted word. There are so many directions it could go in the whodunit sense, and the use of an unreliable narrator helps maintain the mystery. Readers who liked Gone Girl should enjoy this. I devoured every page and hated to put it down.
With all the hype I was expecting this to be super twisty and suspenseful. I certainly found it hard to put down but I was hoping to be surprised and I really wasn't. Right from the start I suspected everyone except for the baby. Lol! I wasn't very shocked by the identity of the killer. Despite the lack of twists it kept me turning the pages.
I had heard this book was good, so when I saw it at a reduced price I snapped it up.  I liked Gone Girl, but I did not read that book in less than 24 hours!  Get it, read it, judge for yourself.  Fair warning--be prepared to put aside some time--it is very hard to put down!
Although this was not one of my favorites, I still couldn't put it down.  It was kind of a bummer and sometimes frustrating reading about someone who is an alcoholic and the consequences of her actions.  Kind of disjointed, it skipped around a lot and I had to frequently go back to re read certain sections.  But in the end it all made sense.
Full of twists and turns and unexpected stories. I love mystery novels that leave you guessing all the way to the end. I had my theories while reading the book about what happened, but I was wrong about all of them and I love books that are like that. I would highly recommend this to anyone. Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down!
This was definitely a good book, but not on par with "Gone Girl" as many have been saying. I enjoyed reading it but at times I skipped paragraphs because they were a bit boring. The time lines could be a bit confusing so you had to pay attention. The book takes place over a year or so and it skips around a lot. Still, I recommend reading it.
This book is very intriguing.  I found it hard to put down.  Since I was reading it on Kindle it was hard to keep track of the dates of the various chapters.  And this was critical to know the sequence of the plot.  Nevertheless I wanted to keep reading to find out who the murderer was. Or was there even a murder committed?  Lots of mystery!
The Girl on the Train is obviously compared to Gone Girl probably because of the structure of the book and the fact that all of the characters are a little off. The book moves quickly and it's a fast read if you haven't anything to do for a weekend. Overall, I'd recommend it if you want a decent mystery and to see what all the hype is about.
I read this after reading The Light Between the Oceans and it is the same back and forth narration between characters, but in this case three female characters, not always in chronological order. The writing style was good and it was an interesting premise, but I didn't overly enjoy the book because none of the characters were likable to me.
The plot was intriguing with well developed characters, but I couldn't relate to any of them except Rachel's roommate who tried to help Rachel get back on her feet and put up with her drinking and lying. Unfortunately, the roommate was the only boring character. The story did move at a steady clip and kept my interest with several surprises.
Very creative. The story is told through the eyes of 3 women whose lives become entangled by one of them being murdered. II is a murder mystery but that is only one part of the book. It follows the main character's struggles after her husband leaves her and how her investigation of the murder leads her to revelations which helps her to heal.
I see this book has gotten some poor reviews, but I, for one, loved it!  I appreciated getting into the mind and imagination of the girl on the train - living herr thoughts and struggles.  And I was kept guessing about who the actual villain was - or if there actually was one!  It was a great read for me and I hope they turn it into a movie.
I enjoyed reading it, couldn't put it down and anxiously waited to find down time to read it again! There are lots of twists and having three different narrators kept you on your toes. As another reviewer mentioned, it had a similar twist to 'Gone Girl'. If you enjoyed that book you'll love this one as well. I can't wait to watch the movie!!
I can't really see why this is a best seller.  A lot of it just dragged.  Way too many drunken blackouts.  Every character is totally dysfunctional, except for the baby.  The book is just over the top with needy, sick people.  I wouldn't recommend it.  At least I know what all the hype is about; I just don't think the book is worth the hype.
A suspenseful story about obsession. Reminiscent of "Gone Girl"  Hard to empathize with any of the characters, all of whom are narcisists. The narration becomes repetitive but also helps  to keep you turning the pages.  The shifting points of view give perspective and proves you never know what might be happening behind closed doors.
I liked the book very much. A quick read. Cleverly told albeit confusing at times because the dates go back and forth quite a bit. Can be a bit tedious at times with Rachel's drinking although it is probably a realistic depiction of alcoholism. Much less predictable than Gone Girl. It had me guessing until almost the end. Highly recommended.
I couldn't put The Girl on the Train down and when I did I couldn't wait to pick it up again!  The author's use of alternating characters to narrate the plot kept my interest and the action moving.  Rachel drew me into her sad world and I wanted to help her solve her mystery.  I normally don't enjoy mysteries, but this was a worthwhile read.
Truthfully, I wasnt paying too much attention to the chapter headings and didnt realize they indicated different characters, and had to go back and straighten it out. I initially was drawn to the idea of a character on a train observing a crime. I didnt care for the her to be wallowing in a past relationship and a drunk. I give it 3.5 stars.
I loved it! More intelligent than GONE GIRL! I didn't think the leading character's depression/alcoholism was boring as some others stated. I believe that depression is symptomatic of alcoholism thus the writer need to show how her depression & low self-esteem were vitally important to the author's intriguing plot. Thoroughly enjoy this one!
Without being a spoiler, this book is clever and well-written.  The author has a gift for describing a scene from the minds of three different characters.<br/>The book illustrates how perception and reality can be opposite concepts.  The three voices are somewhat confusing in the beginning but the reader eventually catches on to who is who.
I was confused at first with the jumping between narrators, but as I caught on, I was intrigued. Never had thoughts of Gone Girl as I have heard some compare. It was a mystery, but every character has so many vices and issues that it becomes too much. Perhaps a character or two to like or root for would benefit the mystery side of this book.
Interesting story that certainly kept me reading, but the use of pronouns while flipping through three women's points of view was a little confusing. That may have been the intention, but having to go back a few pages to reread who's speaking and when got to be annoying.<br/>Definitely has memorable characters and a compelling story though.
As one commenter already said, you can't put this book down. I liked the way the author writes and it was a comfortable and compelling read. I read Gillian Flynn also but with this book, I just needed to keep reading until I finished it. I never guessed who did it until the end and frankly am planning to read it again. Good reading for sure.
Predictable and depressing. Not a great read.
No plot. Hard to follow. Subject matter weak!
Characters were confusing. Who was with whom?
Very good book! Order came in perfect timing!
Good read that kept me guessing until the end
Not a bad read, just a little too predictable
Looked forward to getting back to this page turner.  Main character suffered personal problems and was unable to help herself.  Rooted for her and watched helplessly as she continually followed the wrong path and got herself into trouble.  The author did a really good job of keeping the reader guessing and immersed in this suspenseful tale.
Good story line but hard to follow.  You must pay attention to who is speaking in each chapter; otherwise, you'll be confused.  I actually had to return to the beginning of the story to begin distinguishing the details of the different characters.  It also starts off a little slow but the plot thickens and develops into an intriguing story.
The characters were all just so flawed and real. I wanted to reach out and smack some sense into them. That's not to say the writer erred when creating them, because all humans are flawed. They were very real and I grew to care about them and their actions...both positively and negatively.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed reading this novel.
The story started slowly and was confusing because it kept changing characters.  It was written as each character was telling a story from their point of view.  I kept reading the book because it did become more interesting as the story progressed.  The ending pleased and surprised me, it was a mystery that I never would have thought about.
This book was a disappointment. The writing was flat and did not evoke any compelling interest in the story.  There was nothing about the main character to engender interest, sympathy, or curiosity.  I struggled through, hoping to find a story that was worth reading.  It never happened.  I am sorry to be so negative, but it can't be helped.
I read this because I saw reviews saying it was better than Gone Girl. I think I still liked Gone Girl better because the twist surprised me more. This was a good book on its own with despicable characters easy to hate. Good interesting read. While it kept me guessing I still had a feeling of who the most sinister character was going to be.
The Girl on the Train is well written and gives you pause concerning the affects of addiction. This is a great book; however, you must read it through when you have a good bit of time.  Leaving a few days break may cause you to backtrack to get the characters in focus again.  Wonderful book...I would like to read more of this author's work.
I don't know about this one.  I read it all the way through, it had a good ending that wasn't given away prematurely, but overall I thought it was just OK.  Wasn't particularly deep or engrossing, maybe a beach read?  But not in a frothy way.  Just something to read on vacation.  Wouldn't be inspired to recommend it to a friend or anything.
I've read a lot of good thrillers, and this certainly ranks among the best of them. The characters are particularly well developed to the point that the reader begins to feel literally involved in the plot. And what's better than really not knowing whodunit until the bitter end. The train rides are so well integrated. Such a creative treat.
Very well-written and not easy to figure out, for a whodunit. The characters come alive and the reader feels as if they are part of the story, too. Would make a great movie, starring Reese Witherspoon as Rachel. Other chores got put aside so that I could finish this book. If you are a fan of murder mysteries, this is the book to be reading!
Definitely worth a read. Makes a good beach book or vacation read. Style was a bit different and that was enjoyable. Just a little slow in the beginning.  Took off a tad longer than i hoped.  My Attention span doesn't mastering that happens but u hung in there and eventually got interested. I'd recommend it to friends who enjoy a "whodunit"
It was ok, but I fail to understand why it has been on the N.Y. Bestseller List for several weeks now. I had a hard time remembering from chapter to chapter who was doing the talking and remembering things. I did like the surprise ending>  I was not crazy about Gone Girl either, and I know that those 2 books were compared to each other.
I tend to enjoy mystery/thriller style books and this one did not disappoint. The main character is so raw and vulnerable and she's portrayed in such an honest way. I definitely did not expect some of the twists and turns - this book was quite a page turner. Highly recommend to anyone who enjoys books that keep you on the edge of your seat.
Really enjoyed this book! And the voice was fabulous...plus, I enjoyed all the twists and turns of the story. Same dark voice as Gone Girl. I used to take the train into downtown Chicago every day from South Chicago, so the premise pulled me in from the start...however, the story went in a very different direction than I thought it would...
This was a good book but not a great book. I could relate to the main character but her spiral into the deep dark depression seemed a bit overdone and drawn out. There were moments that I felt just drifted and some of the storyline seemed unrealistic and bouncy. I did let a coworker read it after I did and she liked it so to each their own.
What a fantastic book!  It was confusing at first until I was told to check out the top for the name of person that section was about. The name is written in lighter ink so it's easy to miss.<br/>I could not put this book down and it isn't often that I can say that about a book.  I am looking forward to her next book and hope it's as good.
This book was uh-ma-zing! I couldn't put the book down and ended up reading it in 2 day staying up way past my bedtime each night to keep reading. This book has it all....it makes you want to flip ahead to the end but don't do it! It's worth it to keep reading it to the end to figure out what exactly happened. Great read..highly recommend!
It took some time to understand the  abnormal thought processes of the characters involved in this ultimately gripping story. One should have some knowledge of abnormal psych.to fully grasp the motivations and interactions of these truly "screwed-up" people ...but,don't let any of what I said stop you from enjoying this book,I did!
While I was over the whole "blackouts" I understand it's importance to the story.  I didn't feel hooked at first and I had a bit of trouble feeling connected for the first few chapters.  However I kept going and I'm glad I did.  After I finished reading it I kept thinking about the story and wondering about the ending.  I liked it.
I bought this book and knew right from the summary that I was going to like it. Needless to say, I LOVED it !! Twists and Turns and a great story. The author really developed the characters well and kept me very interested. Toward the end of the book, I couldn't put it down! I just had to find out what was going to happen and who did it !!
This is an amazing read that you will do in one sitting, as I did. The narration jumps back and forth between people, which at times can be slightly confusing, but you want to race through to determine what really happened. If you love thrillers and excellent writing, you will really enjoy this novel, the first thriller from Paula Hawkins.
Without an entirely loveable heroine, the narrative was both fascinating and, at times, infuriating.  Ultimately, this led to<br/>an intriguing, somewhat dark, and truly well developed story, full of twists and surprises.  One doesn't want to get off<br/>"the train" and when the ride ultimately ends. one wishes it could continue.
Amazing how this man could convince three women that he loved them while all the time he was manipulating them for his own demented purposes. They were so vulnerable and willing to overlook the clues pointing to how destructive he is to the point of becoming his victims. Luckily, one of them takes charge of her life and helps save another.
At times I wanted to give the main character a knock upside her head to get her attention or shake some common sense into her. But it was certainly interesting to see some of the choices she made and the outcome of those misadventures. It was a pretty good story but very moody. A good mystery that kept me changing my mind about who dunnit!
This was such a good book. I actually read every word (no fast skimming due to boredom). It certainly was not predictable. The book read like a conversation with the characters. The ending was fantastic. I could not have been happier. This book would be a great movie or even a second book. I would love to know what happens to these people.
I love suspense ,and this book hit a home run in the suspense category! When I first started reading the book, I thought I am NOT going to like this on,e. However, the more I read , THE MORE I HAD TO READ.  There are so many twists and turns in the plot that the reader is constantly guessing what will happen next. This is a wonderful book!
People's lives are rarely as they seem on the outside, or from the window of the daily commuter train. A fine mystery develops, surpassing the fantasies of our heartbroken, alcoholic heroine, Rachel. Despite her flaws, I couldn't help rooting for her. A really good read.
I chose this book based on its 5 star rating which I am totally surprised by, now that I have completed the book. I found the characters unlikeable, the story very disjointed and generally difficult to read and follow. Disappointing to say the least. Would not recommend.
This book comes full circle. It starts off fast paced with the author developing the characters really well but towards the middle it drags and contains multiple parts of the book that are not needed. Towards the end the book picks back up again and creates an ending that can be predictable to some but to others they may have seen coming.
AWESOME!  Since this book was on the best seller list for a while i decided to purchase it and read.  The writing was excellent. Ms. Hawkins developed the characters with strength.  I thought I had figured it out part way through the book but was surprised by the ending.  This was a fast read for me.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
I really enjoyed the book , The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins. I didn't know anything about this book when I purchased it. I didn't know that the book was a mystery. I usually can predict the endings of most mysteries, however this book kept me in suspense! If you are looking for a quick read thriller , this book does not disappoint.
There are a lot of reviews on this book touting it's twists and comparing it to Gone Girl. This book does not live up to the hype. It's a fairly straightforward mystery/thriller that relies on its "big" twist at the end. It's fine, but certainly not in the same class of edge-of-your-seat "oh my god" thrillers as Gone Girl.
I haven't been able to get very far into this book. I can't seem to stay interested long enough to get to where I assume the more interesting stuff is - I am assuming because this book had a lot of good reviews. The main character is so very unlikable and tiresome it's a real turn off. Bummed because I was looking forward to a great read.
I felt like this book just wouldn't end, to be honest. The main character was impossible to root for. The entire plot reeked of wishing it was Gone Girl but not living up to what it wanted to be. It took way too long to get through, and I found myself frustrated with the characters more than I wanted to root for them. Wouldn't read again.
Read this one for personal pleasure.  Of course, the "Gone Girl" comparison is what first drew me to the book.  I wouldn't rank it as riveting as Gone Girl, but I did enjoy it and thought the story was interesting.  There was just enough information at times to make me try to figure stuff out before<br/>I got to the explanations.
The most interesting character in this novel is the self-destructive protagonist, Rachel. As she continually falls into traps that she often unwittingly sets for herself. it's difficult not to feel compassion for her. Each time she blunders she realizes her folly and resolves not to repeat it-- until the next time, when she falters again.
This was sort the type of book like Gone Girl. It was so depressing and I hated all the the people in the book. I wanted to see the results of the book but I wanted it to end so badly. I do not recommend this book  and cannot see how this was on the best seller list. It was so obvious by the near end of the book who the actual killer was.
I couldn't wait to get back to this book. The main character, Rachel, has bottomed out. She's lost her marriage, her job, her self esteem and become a depressed alcoholic prone to black outs. Dark? Yes. But things really get interesting when from that rock bottom perspective, she witnesses a murder and gets caught up in the investigation.
It took me a while to get into the story because of the way it is structured and I nearly gave up. Am I glad I didn't. This became one of those 2am books that I just couldn't put down. Fabulous characters. I hated, loved, empathized, despised and every emotion in between.  I hope she writes something else soon. I'll be looking out for it.
Rachel.  Drinking problem.<br/>Tom. Perfect husband.<br/>Anna. Mistress & marriage wrecker.<br/>Megan. Troubled past and messed up chic.<br/>Jason. Suspected husband.<br/>Very "Gone Girl" twisty.<br/>A great read you will NOT be able to put down, or predict! I didn't see it coming, not until nearly the end.<br/>Highly recommended!!
If you know one or are one, that's exactly how it is with blackouts. I found the characters very true to life as painful as that may be. Were they likeable? Not really. Were they flawed? Humanly so. I didn't figure it out right away and that's a very good thing.<br/><br/>It might be creepy and bizarre but I found it relatable and smart.
I looked forward to returning to the story every time I had a chance to read.  On several occasions it was difficult to put the book down.  That being said, I found that I didn't like any of the three main female characters, wasn't crazy about the men either.  I'm kind of undecided as to whether I would recommend this to a friend or not.
It reminds me somewhat of Gillian Flynn's work, which is a high compliment. I found the ending a little flat but getting there was a pleasure. The writing is elegant and the characters well drawn. There are some very clever tricks in the narration that I will not expound upon. Definitely worth reading and I look forward to her next book.
espite the alternating voices in each chapter, there is a similarity so that it becomes very boring---it seems that all the characters are covering the same time spans in the same voice.  It could have been done as a short story for what it revealed, or the depth of exploration and color.  And that  leading lady is an unlikable character
It is overall a good real, with a decent plot and well developed characters. The pace is a bit slow for my liking, and the ending did not come as a great surprise. I did find it to be an enjoyable read that is engaging, but I had higher expectations for it owing to the positive review/press I have read about it prior to reading the novel
Thought it was good - interesting ending, although somewhat disappointing when you really think about each of the female character's responsibility for her actions and interactions with the world. Sort of a "Twinkie defense" ending...  I think my expectations were high from all the great things I heard about it. Good summer read.
Predictable. I hate when the bad guy explains at the end all he did , they are not dumb , why make them dumb at the end to make the readers understand what happened. In cartoons you see the bad guy talking out loud what his plan was, but in a novel its a poor Solution for the final climax that disappoints readers instead of surprise them
Exciting and well written, but I can't understand why we can't get good exciting novels without offensive language. Not everyone in this world uses the F word constantly and I don't like being exposed to it in my own home. Take a hint from Grisham, Baldacci, and a few others who can tell a good story without bombarding us with profanity.
It was okay but I have read much better books this year.  It is a quick summer read.  I found the characters not to be very believable which was part of my problem with this book.  I almost didn't finish it to be frank because I didn't really care what happened and had pretty much figured it out well before the author gets to the ending.
I'm not sure why this book is getting so much buzz! It honestly reads like someone wrote a suspense novel, then Gone Girl came out and had tons of hype, then the publisher of this book told the author to go back and make it more like GG. I just didn't find it interesting and the theme was just sort of played out. I wouldn't recommend it.
A down-and-out alcoholic woman fantasizes about people she sees from the train she rides daily. Fantasy and reality blur for her, but soon come into sharp focus when things go wrong. The plot is gripping, the twists and turns had me glued to the screen. I thought I knew how it would end, but I was wrong. An excellent book! Don't miss it!
This book gives a very accurate description of an alcoholic.  My tendency was to dislike this main character but I suppose that is what the author intended,  It's a good story and moves along nicely in spite of jumping from one narrator to another.  I did realize the guilty party a little sooner than I would like but that is no big deal.
I absolutely loved this book. In fact, I would go so far as to say that it's probably one of my favorite books of all time. It was BRILLIANTLY written - I literally could not put it down and read it over the course of an entire weekend. I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this book. I can only hope that Paula Hawkins continues writing more books!
This was a good psychological mystery that kept me engrossed. The twists and turns of the plot and characters seemed more logical than out of left field. It was also interesting because it went into different women's minds, showing what they thought of what was happening and each other and their perspective. I highly recommend this book.
This has been called the UK version of Gone Girl.  I see similarities, but the story is different.  It is definitely not as graphic.  It grabs you in the beginning, but towards the middle I became confused and couldn't keep everything straight as I tried to solve the mystery.  At 80% of the way through, it picked up again and ended well.
(NO SPOILERS) I can't remember the last time I read a book this quickly.  LOVED this book.  I don't want to give anything away so I won't say much.  It's a literal page-turner and there wasn't a single point where I felt that the book had slowed down (as many suspense/thriller/mysteries seem to do).  Can't wait for more by Paula Hawkins!
I very much enjoyed this book. I'm not sure I even liked the main character, but the story kept me reading. I did not see the end coming along, that was quite a surprise. I didn't like the "black outs" where she doesn't remember what happened the next day, but I enjoyed the story enough to ignore it. I would recommend this story.
Even though I did put the book down for a while at the beginning because I found it to be depressing and a little sad, the plot quickly pulled me in and I could not stop reading. The plot had enough twists and turns that it kept me guessing as to the identity of the real murderer. A great read overall.
A quick and interesting read. This book is told from the perspective of three different women whose lives somehow become entwined. The book is suspenseful and a bit dark, as it touches upon the topics of addiction, depression and infidelity. Overall, it's a good summer read, but not a book that would spark a ton of thoughtful discussion.
It starts a little slow but once it gets going, it's very good. I like the characters especially Rachel. I know it's been compared to Gone Girl and though there is a likeness as far as element of suspense, this novel stands on its own. It is one of those books where you want to read one more chapter. I'd love to see it made into a movie.
Great read!  Could not keep up with all the twists and turns and Hawkins kept up the suspense in every part.  Main character began to wear with her repetitive patterns, but to me, every character in the book was a suspect and I could not put it down and until I finished.  Did not see the ending coming  and it caught me by surprise.  Fun!
Could. Not. Put. This. Down. I read this in after of mere hours. I longed for this book when I had to separate myself from it.  I enjoyed this so much more than Gone Girl(which is my least favorite Flynn book). The characters were great; deep and realistic. The perspective is also fascinating. It's a keeper this one. Hold on to your hat.
Loved the way the author placed you in the heads of three of the main protagonists.  It was excruciatingly honest in terms of how each character was feeling.  It also had plot twists that grabbed you and made you want to keep reading!  Definitely recommend this book.  Thank you to a stranger on a train (also a writer) who recommended it.
The book starts off a bit slow and it's difficult to read about the struggles of an alcoholic, but I was drawn in and, before I knew it, I couldn't put the book down. I enjoyed reading from the perspective of the various characters and loved the subtle clues that were given along the way. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone!
A little slow in the beginning because I was confused about which girl was talking.  It soon became clear and then I enjoyed it. Story of 3 emotionally challenged women two of which achieved a balance in their lives but not without consequences.<br/>All three were never enviable to me just self destructive. Good mystery and page turner
This is a little confusing, written from differing viewpoints from unreliable narrators, but that's the point; to disorient you , to make yourself second-guess yourself. Was that Anna, or Meghan who said that? Rachel was where? I get that was the point, but I thought the book was slow until near the end. It was tedious to read at times.
Yes! Another book which revolves around 3 women, each telling their own side of the mystery.  The book swallows you up from the beginning to the end.  I love Paula Hawkins' style of writing.  I have never read a book which could lead me in all different directions, hold my attention, and keep me in suspense.  It is a must read book.!!!!
I will say about 20 pages in, I was confused and quite honestly depressed. But since I am reading this for a book club, I had to keep going and so glad I did! The stories are interwoven and kept me guessing, right up until the end of the book. I would recommend this to all who like psychological thrillers. Excellent read for the summer.
The style of the author in telling the tale from a first person perspective is very similar to the narrative of "Gone Girl." The plot is complicated and the author does not telegraph the conclusion until the<br/>very end.<br/>I rated the book lower than it should be because I disliked the characters and the dreary environment.
It's been quite some time since a book grabbed me and wouldn't let go. I was carried away by Rachel and Megan and HAD to know what really happened. Between Audible and the whispersync feature of the kindle book, i just spent the last two days, whenever i got a moment, trying to finish the story. An amazing read you will not soon forget!
If you like codependency stretched to the nth degree, this book will appeal to you. The central character Rachel is so ignorant throughout that I often considered tossing the book. As it turned out, I did finish it, but with some effort. Who would write a book with so many unlikable characters? Not one had any redeemable qualities. Yuk.
This is a thoroughly enjoyable novel.  I was captivated in the first chapter.<br/>The style was particularly fun.  Moving about from person to person and getting different takes on the same situations was great.<br/>I am recommending this book to my book club for next year's reading list.  I have also recommended it to all my friends.
I could not put this book down! I had to know what happened next and had it finished in 2 days.  I wanted to scream at Rachel most of the time, and it was interesting to have Megan's perspective as well. I would agree with many who say that this is the next "Gone Girl". This story was very clever and well crafted, a great read!!
This book is about 100 pages longer than it needed to be. Gruelingly slow. The narrator is irritating at best. She relives the same day four or five times, neither advancing her character nor the plot. I get it--she's a drunk. And the continual admissions of her pathetic behavior and heinously annoying musings about Tom became so tiresome that I really contemplated googling the ending. I came to the close of the book in complete frustration rather than suspense. Not my criteria for good mystery.
So what did the girl on the train see?  Was it really what she imagined?  And how can she ever resolve her feelings toward her ex-husband and his new wife?  The answers to these and other questions will keep you guessing right until the very end.  Suspenseful and well written.  Set aside an afternoon and settle in for some good reading.
This book is really good. The main character, Rachel, is so well presented. She is real. An alcoholic who is struggling with addiction, the loss of a wonderful past love and life. The dream for something more. Trying to separate fantasy from reality and uncovering memories and believing they are true. All wrapped up in a murder mystery!
Having been to London many times and riding the trains from the airport made this novel more realistic. I could imagine and live with the developing story. A great and surprising  mystery, murder. Rates at the top along with Gone Girl. Would make a great movie or play.
Really enjoyed this book...I hated to put it down and then couldn't wait to pick it back up. Stayed up till after midnight reading so I could find out who did it!!  Loved that you got the story from all 3 women involved...it was nice getting each of their perspectives & stories.  If you like suspense novels, then you'll like this book.
Good...not great. Kept my interest, but in my opinion, not nearly as good as Gone Girl (to which it often is compared). Once it is clear where it is going and who did what, it is tied together a little too neatly. Easy, summer read. I really liked Gone Girl, but from talking to others, if you didn't like G.G., you may like this better.
Loved this book from beginning to end. Whilst Girl on the Train is an easy to read narrative Paula Hawkins has captured numerous aspects of daily life & the twists & turns that can impact upon ordinary people. Paula highlights that a facade can hide the reality of life. An intriguingly good read that gives the reader pause for thought.
This was a quick, easy read. It is written In 'Gone Girl' fashion with each chapter being told from the main female character's perspective.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the story and couldn't figure out who really did it until the final 3 chapters. I totally didn't see the ending coming. It hit me like a girl on a train( see what I did there)
This book had an interesting start; I struggled through the middle, and the end was a cliffhanger. I was frustrated by the main character's issues....it almost should have been called "A Girl Down the Drain". In spite of that, the story comes together with justice being served on a silver platter in the end. It was a good read.
I downloaded this book because the summary sounded very interesting and the reviews were mostly good.  At 20% it was just plodding along offering absolutely nothing in my opinion.  It was neither interesting nor well written. The main character was not likeable and the writing style was disjointed.  It was deleted before I finished it.
Thoroughly enjoyed the read.  A look into the world of a very depressed,dysfunctional divorcee who becomes obsessed with the lives of others who lived in her former neighborhood.  Through her often alcohol clouded world she embarks upon a quest to solve the mystery of a missing woman only to find the answers in those very close to her.
I really enjoyed the book. I listened to the audiobook and had a little bit of trouble following it at first. At one point, I was irritated with Rachel. She was conniving. Attention hungry. Annoying. I thought I knew what happened, who did it. I changed my mind. You can see the end coming with some books, I didn't see it with this one.
This was a quick, interesting read. It was a murder mystery that twisted and turned and revealed itself only over time. I liked the way it was narrated, switching from the perspective of each woman in the book, really getting to know their emotions and motivations. I was kept in suspense the whole time, and liked how the plot unfolded.
...and it makes for a fantastic read. You're not supposed to like them. I expect flawed characters in a book (it's realistic), but there are few redeeming qualities about these ones. That said, it was a great character study and I found myself sucked into their world.
While I had some difficulty getting into this story I am really glad I stuck with it. The plot and characters were entwined in such a way that I had to keep reading. The main character invoked feelings of frustration and sympathy. The mystery was absorbing. I would recommend this book to my friends and know they would thank me for it.
I generally don't read this genre but I'd been seeing this book everywhere so I though I'd give it a try. Seeing as how it's the summer, it was only appropriate that I picked up a popular contemporary read.  As it turned out, I couldn't put the book down. It kept me on the edge of my seat until the very last page. Yes, I recommend it!
I only read part of this book, because I found the perceptions of this disfunctional young woman boring and irritating.  She just went on and on about nothing but her own miserable existence and a need to imagine the lives of others.  I do not want to hear about the woes of losers who have the brains to do well and support themselves.
I liked that it gave the perspective of many different people.  You got the feel and attitude of several people involved as you were trying to figure out where it was going to take you next.  I also like the way that you got to see all the sides of the story come together in the end.  Well written and very entertaining.  Good mystery.
I was so intrigued with the first 75% of this book. I couldn't wait to find out the outcome however the last 1/4 of the book the story fell apart. I read this in almost one day. It started off strong but I was disappointed with the ending. So while I give the beginning of the book 5 stars the ending was a 1 star thus my 3 star review.
Awesome book which has it all, a mystery, sex, psycho drama- all told with direct straightforward prose but with the reader realizing the main character may not be a reliable credible source of narration. Not for the reader looking for a laugh riot or a day at the beach but a truly rewarding reading experience is there for the asking.
This was the best mystery story I have read in many a year. It was suspenseful and thrilling with many plot twists. It also reveals the shallowness of modern society where everything is self-centered.<br/>The moral is if you lead a wayward life you loose your credibility and open the door for more devious people who will prey on you.
This novel was most entertaining for me.  I love a good mystery that keeps me interested and guessing the whole time.  The author, Paula Hawkins, did a great job painting realistic characters possessing intricate lives.  I was hooked from the very first chapter, and was intrigued as the pieces of the puzzle skillfully fell into place.
This book was hard to put down - the same feeling as when passing a terrible wreck on the interstate - you do not want to look, but you must.  I admire Hawkins writing skills and imagination; however, I am very tired after reading this book.  I would like to forget the characters, but I cannot.  I also wish I had never watched Psycho.
I did not get as "in" to this book as most of the people that have great recommendations on it.  I didn't think it was bad and the writing was good….just the story line was a bit confusing (until the very end) and seemed to drag on.  Definitely ends with a surprising twist, just not one that I couldn't "not" put down.
Not the best book I've read but not the worst either. It took about 100 pages for me to get into it but the last 3/4 of the book is a page turner. The dates seemed confusing but it all came together in a giant explosion at the end. The characters made you hate them and feel sorry for them. All in all it was worth the time to read it.
Pretty good, moderately suspenseful book with some twists, though not particularly difficult to figure out.  Liked the writing and the pace, and thought the story hummed along nicely.  Bit of a rip off on Gone Girl, thought I thought that story was much less believable.  I recommend The Girl on the Train as a quick entertaining book.
A good read, though I'm not sure I would put it in the "Can't put it down" category.  To me the story was very dark as every character were in a bad way in some fashion.  While I was intrigued with what exactly happened with the "girl on the train" and what she witnessed, the pace of the story moved too slowly for me.
A great summer read. Suspense from beginning to end. A really unique perspective seeing something from the train and then collecting facts to make sense out of it. How tormenting doubt can be. Add a touch of alcohol, and you really start wondering what you have seen and whether or not the sense you make of reality really makes sense.
The Girl on the Train took a little while to get going for me. The beginning was slow and I wondered why the book had so many positive reviews. It is often compared to Gone Girl but I felt Gone Girl was much darker. The Girl on the Train is a good mystery with interesting characters and some surprises.  Definitely a worth while read.
I do understand where people are coming from when they compare this book with Gone Girl. I think you will enjoy this book if you liked Gone Girl because the writing style is similar. I enjoyed it for a fast read. A few of the situations seemed a bit of a character jump, but if you can just read it for what it is, it was a good story.
Just like "Gone Girl"...I initially couldn't put it down, hated the ending, and then was sorry I wasted time & money.  Most of the characters had no redeeming qualities and the main character was really a loser.  Usually it's nice to care about at least one character in a book!  If you want to read it get if from the library!
I foundGirl on the train to be an interesting read.At first i wasn't sure if i liked the alternating narratives ,but as i got more into the book it really added a differentt perspective . The plot of the book thickens and i found myself not wanting to put it down.. Iliked that and it offered a twist that perhaps i wasn't expecting...
I really enjoyed reading the book. It took me a while to get the idea of ther being more than one person telling the story from their point of view that was a new experience for me and I throughly enjoyed it I also enjoyed the surprise ending. Iwuold definiterly read morre stories by this writer. Headline:Review for Girl on the Train
This book failed to deliver anything even remotely entertaining.  The characters are all so dysfunctional and flawed that it's impossible to connect to any of them.  It's a pain trying to keep the time-line straight as it jumps around too much from the perspective of three different unlikeable women.  Half-way through the book I was praying they'd all get hit by the train.  The ending was predictable, there were no twists or surprises.  Just dull and boring from start to finish.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!
The first 50 pages I wondered where this book was going and I caught on....It reminded me a little of "Gone Girl." Although the character, Anna, grated on my nerves, but truly weaved the story together.  I loved the ending! I recommend this book to anyone that enjoyed "Gone Girl." There are so many twist and turns until the very end.
Started slow. Interesting style kept me reading, as well as connecting to the characters, with twists and turns along the way.<br/>The final few chapters was where it picked up pace. I feel the book could have been shorter, dragged a bit at the start - was almost set to put it down, but I made it half way, then the story got better.
First I have to admit I read the whole thing obsessively.  Then I have to say there were just too many coincidences to make any of it believable.  Who turns a corner and finds the person they are dreading the most right there every time?  I wanted to send the girl on the train to a good psychiatrist - but then there would be no book.
Ending left me with much more to be desired.
Loved this book.  Waiting for her next book!
Mediocre novel at best.  Not worth the hype.
Great book keeps your attention easy read!!!
Guessing until the end. Very very good read.
I  spent money for this???Very disapointing.
One of the "new" disks was scratched
My wife very much enjoyed reading this book.
One of my new favorite suspense novels. I rotate between historical romance and suspense novels 98% of the time. Our of the 20 or so books I read over Summer is 2015, his was by far and away my favorite. It had a little bit of everything. A comparison to Gone Girl is a logical comparison. 5/5 stars. I would read more by this author.
I had so many wonderful hopes for this book!  It was really poorly written and predictable.  I did not like the characters, the writing style, it was just bad.  A friend of mine was reading it at the same time as I was and she could not even finish it.  The plot line was very predictable and boring.  Snore.  I do not recommend this.
I don't like romance books or chick lit, so I was surprised I enjoyed this so much as it's based around several relationships. The characters were well developed and I liked the theme that things aren't as they seem. I'd recommend this to anyone who loves an intellectual thriller, but doesn't require tons of action packed sequences.
This story seemed like a dark soap opera.  It takes place in Britain within a neighborhood.  A very dark "Coronation Street".  The characters were cartoon like in their dysfunction.  Superficially rendered though the author attempts psychological portrayals.  A frustrating book that is somewhat entertaining as a crime novel.
This was well written, I didn't necessary like the story content, but enjoyed her writing. If this hadn't been my book clubs selection I don't think I would have continued reading it, but I'm glad that it was our monthly selection. It turned out to be an intriguing story. Very imaginative, not predictable at all. Enjoyed the read!!!
I know this is number one as a best seller, and I wondered what was wrong with me as I read it on my Kindle because I really did not think it was all that great.  I thought it was kind of blah.  Not every book will speak to every person the same way, huh?  Some one else might love it--I guess at least quite a few have tried, anyway.
Quite a ride through a neighborhood of not so ordinary folks.  Found myself thinking about the characters and their tangled relationships.  Train tracks are straight without sharp hard curves yet this group of neighbors are twisted and rarely straight with each other or themselves!<br/>Buy a ticket, climb aboard and enjoy the read!
This was a good read, however I couldn't identify with the main character.  I found myself getting upset with her relentless weakness and I was not sympathetic with her.  Even though in the end she had to act to survive, that was out of desperation, not strength.  Also, I figured out who the murderer was long before it was revealed.
Fantastic story.  Great read.  I could not put this book down.  Being inside the mind of three characters, though mostly the main one, through a murder mystery was quite intense.  I really didn't see the ending coming.  It's eye-opening to watch someone have their eyes opened to a life they saw differently while they were living it.
As an avid reader, I have to say this book is in my top 10 favorites of all time. It's one of those books where you keep thinking about the characters long after you finish It. The twists and turns remind me "Gone Girl", also a good book if you haven't read it or seen the movie. I hope they make a movie out of this one, too.
While a bit more involved than probably needed this story teller keeps you on your seat edge while making it very hard to put the book down.  The twists and turns in telling the 'who done it' story are cleverly woven.  The reader moves from one character to the othe, never really knowing who commit the crime until very near the end.
It's been a long while since a book appeared on my kindle (I pre-ordered), I began it and then 24 hours later I have finished it.  As in all good books,I didn't want it to end.  I had become quite engrossed in the plot and the characters, both very real.  This was simply excellent and I look forward to reading more by Paula Hawkins.
This is the type of book that you can't put down once you start reading it. You start it and say oh I'll just read one more segment to see what happens. It has a lot of twists and turns a little like Gone Girl. I'm halfway through and can't wait to see how it ends.
Slow to start but you do get attached to the lead character and start to really pity her situation. It's a bit frustrating at times because you want to shake her and make her realize what's going on. Once I realized what was actually happening, I got a bit more intrigued by the book and couldn't wait to finish it. Ending was great!
This is the most over-rated book I have ever read. It's OK.  Not great.  The lead in the story is so depressing and the story is one awful event after another.  I read so much about this book and it was so touted, that I finally broke down when the price dropped.  There are so many awesome books out there.  This is a waste of time.
What a train ride, sitting on the edge of your seat.  Great story line, but the beginning of the book is hard to keep track of who is who but stick with it and you will love it.  This was a tough one to figure out who did what to whom but the story grabs hold of you and you just can't put it down.  Buy this one, you won't be sorry.
This book is so good. It swoops you right in from the beginning. The characters are well rounded and easy to become engrossed in their individual stories. The story itself is a tornado of what-the-heck! I would recommend to anyone who likes to feel like Dorothy from wizard of oz while she's spinning and is in between oz and Kansas.
Lets just say I was pretty sure I knew what was happening and I loved that I was wrong! I will admit at the beginning I almost put this down. The main character just seemed like a loser. I was so glad I kept reading because it was a good read and I really ended up liking the characters and the surprise at the end was the best part.
The characters were so unlikable and annoying that I didn't look forward to continuing to read this book.  The only thing that kept me going was that I heard there was a surprise ending.  It wasn't much of a surprise.  About 3/4  of the way through the book I could see it coming.<br/><br/>After all the buildup I was disappointed.
Dreary  as a bad dream on a cold foggy morning. At first interesting, it develops in a difficult to follow narrative, with three voices of three not very pleasant women with many problems.The mystery of what happened in Rachel's drunken blackout is intriguing, but nothing can cancel the sensation of unsparing blackness and despair of the lives of persons who abusse others and are abused. Rachel's fairy tale of Jess and Jason, the fancy names she gives to couple she sees from the train, is cruelly broken by reality and murderIIn In a way, this is also a whodunit, with a deludsed alcoholic who plays Nancy Drew prying into lives of perfect strangers. You'll never guess the culprit, whose reveal is followed by a grisly finale. Decidedly depressing. this is a book I won't read again, nor recommend.
If you liked Gone Girl you'll like this as well. If, like me, you try to solve the mystery in such novels you'll be disappointed (it was pretty easy to see what was going to happen). Still, it was well written and a fun read. If you're looking for serious literature you probably wouldn't be looking at this novel in the first place!
Told from the point of view of three very distinct women, each one drawn as real, complete people with imperfections, back stories, and a point of view.  An enjoyable read, hard to put down, and not just because of the story.  "Rachel" is the main character and both men and women will recognize aspects of themselves in her.
With almost 15,000 reviews when I downloaded this book earlier this week I was expecting the best book EVER.  Admittedly it's good but not the eye-popping story I had hoped for.  There was the interesting twist at the end but noir fiction is not my thing.  It's a good murder mystery but far too dreary for me to recommend it highly.
I couldn't put it down. The characters are well developed and wonderfully flawed. I didn't like any of them, the self absorbed women, the very masculine men. But, I couldn't help being drawn to all of them with morbid curiosity. I loved the train metaphor. Because that's what it fell like, like watching life through a train window.
Interesting but a bit thin. Like a slow speed chase...you have to watch but you'd really like to press the "speed up" button. A decent profile of a somewhat pathetic loser chick who is too busy getting hammered to stop and figure out why her ordinary life was turned upside down .....and sort out who screwed her over and why.
By the time I finished the book I liked it, but it took too long to grab my interest. There were several times I wanted to stop reading it but I believed there might have been a good plot. There was, but the main character's drinking problem and her boring life took over most of the narrative and her dreadful life went on too long.
From the very beginning the narrative got your attention.  The way the author wove the story among fascinating characters held your attention.  All through the book, your attention kept focusing on "who dunnit". And the "who" part of it changed almost constantly.  I would definitely try Paula Hawkins' next endeavor.
I would not recommend the book.  The final pages were the best.....otherwise the key character Rachel was/is a sad case.....constantly in an alcoholic state.  I lot of this book I found repetitive ie constant case of confusions/delirium.....yet again I guess that basically that was the theme.  Not an enjoyable read....not my taste.
"The Girl on the Train" is a novel about three women, Rachel, Anna and Megan. The main narrator is Rachel whose marriage to Tom collapsed when he was unfaithful to her with Anna, now his wife and the mother of their daughter Evie. Paula Hawkins has woven a psychologically thriller in a truly engrossing fashion. I began reading the novel on a plane trip and the hours flew by. Last night I couldn't go to sleep until the wee hours until I had finished reading this novel. Rachel is an alcoholic who is living in a house with her friend Cathy. She is ashamed of the fact that her drinking let to her dismissal from her job in London, so she continues to get up  each morning and commute to"work" pretending all the while that she is still gainfully employed. The train route takes her past her old house, now occupied by Anna, Tom (her ex) and baby Evie. Several houses away, her imagination creates a fantasy couple who seem to be leading the loving idyllic life she still yearns for. She continues to haunt her ex, his new wife and baby with phone calls and walks past their house. One day, the idyllic couple vanishes from view. She goes to the local police, makes false accusations based upon what she believes she has seen going on on their deck and the police view her as a crazed woman. Hawkins uses the Gestalt device in this novel presenting the unfolding of a terrible crime from the perspectives of the respective characters involved in this spellbinding story. To tell you more would constitute a spoiler, so please do reading this book. You will not be disappointed.
I thought this was an excellent read!  It's written from several characters points of view, which in the Kindle version are a little faded and hard to read so I was a little confused the first few chapters.  But the story kept me going and by halfway through I couldn't put it down because I was anxious to see how it would pan out.
I have read novels before with unreliable narrators; however, I have never encountered a narrator who not only claims to be a liar, but also admits to being an alcoholic who has blackouts and, thus, is never sure herself of the truth!  What a great literary device!  The Girl on the Train was quite a challenging but enjoyable read.
Enjoyed the themes of voyeurism, and of feeling dissatisfied with how your life has turned out. Asking, how did I get here? And why isn't my life great like the people I see everyday?<br/><br/>Also, men suck and women should not rely on them for their self-worth. Women often depend on men and children to define us and our roles.
I probably would give it 3.5 stars. I am not sure it deserves to be on the best seller list for so long, but it was good in the same way that "Gone  Girl" was. Who's is the real psychopath in the cast of characters, etc. if you enjoy that kind of book, this may work for you. And there are some good surprises along the way.
Wow, what a great book! Absolutely could not put it down. This is the next Gone Girl, or Dark Places. Apparently this was the writer's first book. Phenomenal. This book will win an award; perhaps it already has. Excellent writing style, character development, suspense. The whole package. Will be recommending this book to everyone.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book up until the very end.  The ending played out in my head like a typical Hollywood suspense movie ending or a corny life time movie showing.  It is such a shame that the ending was so superficial and rushed because the author did a great job of keeping me in suspense the first 3/4 of the book.
It took a while to understand the timeline and what was going on, but the transition of the story from character to character perspective was fascinating. Watching the plot unfold kept me involved and not wanting to put the book day. Very happy with the story and onto the Luckiest a Girl Alive as it was recommended following this.
At the beginning I thought the book was a bit slow moving, but toward the end I realized why many of the things were taking place.  I think the author did a good job of developing the main character, Initially it took quite a bit of my patience to stay with the book. Perhaps too much time attributed to the analization of feelings.
A good story with a twist at the end.  I found it a little difficult at times to follow but it all made sense at the end.  I want to clarify the sexual content question.  they talk of husbands and wives going to bed and suggest what might have gone on.  there is some talk about mistresses.  this is not the main focus of the story.
I thought it was a good book, the main reason I bought it was because it said that it was the next Gone Girl, Or as exhilarating as reading Gone Girl... Something to that effect. I thought it was a good story and I wanted to keep reading, but my expectations were high after reading of other reviews and it fell a little short to me
I guess I don't have a lot of tolerance for alcoholics who repeatedly get drunk and seem to waller in their memories and self-pity as well as being rude offensive drunks and that was Rachel's character through most of the book.  However, toward the end she displayed some stamina and went t help her previous husband's current wife.
WONDERFUL! I loved this book, even though it was tough to follow the characters at times. In the end, MOST of all of the storylines were completely explained and understood. I'd rather not see the movie though, I think it would take away from the imaginative description I made up for the sometimes less than descriptive characters.
Story starts a little slowly, but quickly engages you with intrigue! It leads you in different directions as to what's really going on in this murder mystery.  Sometimes hard to follow with different perspectives & time/date changes, but fairly easy to get back on track.  Definitely an easy read and keeps you wanting to read more!
This was like reading a Lian Moriarty novel, without the humor.  While it's a pretty good story, with a decent twist at the end, the characters are just so dreary that you really want the book to end.  Especially the main character, an alcoholic who manages to make everyone around her miserable.  Hawkins ought to lighten up a bit.
I was tempted to stop reading this book early on. I normally don't enjoy books whose chapters go back and forth in time and I didn't especially like the main characters. It was a mystery,of sorts,and I kept reading to the end trying to guess who the killer was. It was a library book and I'm glad I didn't pay almost $30 to read it.
I enjoyed reading this and looked forward to learning the significance of each plot twist, but I did find the reliance on so many blackouts to be tiresome after a few references. It picks up about halfway after there is some understanding of the role of each character.  It was a good recreational read, but not one of my favorites.
Extremely good - beautifully written.  Deserves the praise it has received. Read it through in one sitting. I could go on about the strength of the characterization, I could say if you liked Gone Girl you'd like this book - but actually I'd simply say if you want an excellent novel, that's going to sweep you up then buy this book.
i liked the book. glimpse to the moods and every day struggle of alcohol addicted girl whom u can understand and symphatise with.  vivid picture of gray days and moving trains stayed with me long after i finish the book. the plot is good, the last part when everything is clear is a bit long, but all by all a very good aftertaste.
Excellent representation of what gas-lighting does to a person. You never quite know who is the killer, until the end of course. It was a bit tough to get through the first chapters, but once you do it is worth it. I couldn't  put it down towards the end. Good read, might spark discussion of gas-lighting and other topics as well.
I read this because a friend said she read the entire book on a flight home from California, it was that good. I did not have the same experience. The book was very well written and kept your interest, but the main character is a little weird. You keep wondering, what is wrong with this woman? Anyway, a good story, but not great.
This book keeps you guessing at every twist and turn. Despite not liking the main character in the book I just could not set it down until the very end. All of the players in the story are flawed in some way and the interaction between them makes a good read. Would recommend this book to holiday readers and a quick read audience.
Pick this one up and you'll have trouble putting it down.  It has major motion picture written all over it. I didn't particularly "like" any of the characters but I did enjoy the book.  The different voices were written well.  I could picture in my mind scenes and events happening. That's a good thing when reading a book.
What was the big deal about this book?  After I had finished about two thirds of it, I was tired of it.  After finishing it, I just did not understand why many people I know said that it was a great book.  The plot is monotonous, the characters are boring, and its just the same 'ol, same 'ol chapter after chapter.  So-so at best.
i found that all three female characters were so much alike it was hard to tell the difference and for a while I though we might get a surprise ending where it was just one character with a multiple personality. I did finish it, a tribute to Hawkins' engaging plot, but I would not recommend this book to more discerning audiences.
I finally finished the book last night.  The author did nothing to make me "care" about the characters.  None of them had any redeeming qualities.  The last 125 or so pages piqued my interest but not enough to keep me reading.  I also figured out "who done it" about the time the hole in the wall from the golf club came into play.
This was a pretty good story, I did want to finish it to see what happened but it seemed to drag a little bit in the middle.  The character development was decent, I really felt bad for the main character, she seemed so pathetic.  There were times when things got a little confusing and convoluted, but all in all a very good read.
A book I could not stop reading.  The "girl on the train" is so pathetic you become entranced in her miseries, sometimes identifying with her weaknesses.  If someone lets you down you can either pick yourself up and forge ahead or fall into a spiraling trap as did the protagonist.  A good lesson in life's human frailties.
I enjoyed the last 15% of the book.  While interesting, it took that long for it to hold my interest.  I picked up the book several times and could only get through a few pages because it just wasn't engaging. Based on the review of others and its listing on the Best Seller list I wondered what I was missing so I kept on reading.
Lots of twists and turns, and complicated characters. Had to back track to Megan's dates a few times, a little difficult to keep straight. This book has been compared to Gone Girl, no comparison. This book is superior in character development and story. And there is none of the cringe-inducing language that is SO distracting in Gone Girl.
Through most of this book, I thought "wow, this is a 5 star book for me" as I really enjoyed the fast-paced story. But at some point, I could see the end coming and the last fourth of the book fell a bit flat for me. All in all, it was a fun read and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an entertaining bit of diversion.
I really liked this book. Saw it was on the bestsellers list and was confident I'd like it. Not disappointed! I read it while on vacation, so it was easy to stay mentally involved. I had a hard time shutting my Kindle to leave for dinner! Reminded me a little of Gone Girl. Suspense and dysfunctional characters. My kind of people!
Took me 2 trys to finish the book. Had a hard time getting into it.  Once in, I liked it.  You just have to pay close attention to which character each chapter is about or its easy to get the characters confused.  Keeps you in suspense about "who done it" until the end.  The author throws suspicion on several characters.
My sister and I loved the audible version of this book. We listened to it while on a road trip and had trouble shutting it off when we got to a destination.  It is so well written, great character development and always keep us guessing.  The narrator is also excellent.  I highly recommend this book - in print or narrative form.
This novel explores the effect and allure of addiction to alcohol. The main character is well developed and even though the reader doesn't want to, they find themselves rooting for her to overcome her issues and fight for a better life. The storyline draws the reader in and the split perspectives keep them engaged until the end.
I read the book because it has stayed on the top<br/>of the best seller list for some time.  Remind me not to do that again.  The story plodded along, and I was glad when it was over.  The alternate first person narrative style gets tedious after a while.  The "whodoneit" became for me a "who cares who done it."
I described the pace as steady, but actually it seemed slow in the beginning. However, near middle the twists began; by the end i was frantically swiping my Kindle to keep up with the twists and turns of this highly suspenseful story. Cannot give away anything.<br/>Better than I initially thought this was novel was going to be.
If you liked Gone Girl, you will LOVE Girl on the Train!  Told from 3 points of view, some present day and some in flash-back, the book hooked me and kept me going until the end.  I almost always figure out "who done it" in the first fourth of the book, but this one had me going almost the entire book.  Highly recommend.
Possibly could be compared with Before I Go To Sleep by S J Watson in the build of the plot. Liked the concept of the plot and the lead character you just wanted to give her a shake! Good development of characters and some good twists in the plot to keep you going to the end. Got through it quite quickly to find out who done it.
At first you are not sure you even like the characters, in fact, you are sure you don't, but you can't stop reading, never the less. The events roll out in the narrative, as swiftly and as tiring as the daily commute, until there is only one conclusion- hurry up and get to the end of the journey. A surprise of characters awaits.
This is a well-written suspense novel of secrets, lies, memories both false and true, and the consequences of choices.  I read the last fifty pages or so as though I were in a race.  My only disappointment is the use and overuse of the f word, but I guess I should have expected it when I chose to read a contemporary best seller.
Things aren't always what they seem!! Talk about a run away train...no pun intended... I could not put this book down. It kept me guessing until the end where I kept changing my mind even then!  If your up for a good adrenaline rush, start reading this book. Word of caution....you may not be able to stop until you're finished!!!
I loved reading this book.  I was constantly questioning the validity of the story being narrated.  I never wanted to stop reading.  This was a great book, and everyone I've recommended this book to has also enjoyed it.  The characters are all interesting, and I never knew what road the plot development was going to lead down.
Great page-turner about the intermingled lives of flawed individuals and how these flaws play into their relationships. Their vulnerabilities make for very interesting characters and throughout the book, one senses there is going to be an awesome plot twist. I found the story haunting and very satisfying from beginning to end.
Starts out very slow. Waiting for and wanting something to happen.  Builds eventually to a dramatic climax during which the reader can feel the fear and emotional rawness of the protagonist.  The only drawback in what could have been an excellently told tale was the jumping dates of the action. A great read for mystery lovers.
Enjoyed the read. Some trouble at first keeping the different characters speaking straight, but that was probably because I started and had to stop a bit. Somewhat of a guilty pleasure. Did surprise me at the end, which is always good. This was my book club's choice and am looking forward to seeing what the rest of them think.
This is one of the best modern mysteries I have ever read.  I do a lot of reading of many different genres but I especially like mysteries.  Often I am disappointed for one reason or another.  I loved this one.  I liked GONE GIRL but THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN was so much better.  I will be on the lookout for more from this author.
I thought this book was great! I do not always read books that win book of the year categories on websites, but this one did not disappoint. The characters were well written and though I had a few ideas, I did not guess the ending til a couple chapters before. I like the alternating viewpoints and would read this author again.
This book was incredibly one dimensional and paints women as naive, gullible bores with no ambition other than to be married living in the suburbs which then incites them to cheat on their significant other.  The 'mystery' was fairly easy to figure out, meanwhile I couldn't wait for the entire story to end.  Very disappointing
Classic old school Hitchcock thriller except the point of view and main characters are three-dimensional women, very modern, flawed & believable. Found it an entirely suitable page turner to enjoy after the slightly similar "Gone Girl."  Great to read some murderous noir where the women aren't just Madonna-whore femme fatales.
Flawed characters that kind of drive you mad.....loved it!  The concept of the book was brilliant.  Looking into houses while riding the train, wondering what's going on in them and what kind of people live in them.  The story was very well written and built at a perfect pace.  I couldn't put it down until I knew how it ended.
The first half of the book put me to sleep.
Boring.  Don't know why it's a best seller.
I could not finish it. Not my kind of book!
Interesting plot and characters.  Fun read.
I was bored reading it and quit reading it!
Hugely disappointing, given all the hype...
This was a bit lightweight but an easy read
Couldn't put the book down!!!  A must-read!
Pretty close to the worst book I ever read.
Excellent story and characters. I loved it!
Really good book. Definitely a page turner.
When I first started to read it I was very confused by the different names in the different chapters. I quit reading it. Then I picked it up again and couldn't stop reading. This book is much better than Gone Girl<br/>I did get a tiny clue near the end of the book and figured out who it was, but I would recommend reading it.
Fantastic mystery! This is well-paced with perfect character development. The characters are flawed but are not forced upon the reader, and the story reveals itself wonderfully. The ending is the only part which could be improved - it is satisfying yet the way it could have been portrayed a little tighter. Highly recommended!
Loved this book. Liked the way Paula Hawkins told one story from the prospective of several characters and became each one of the characters separately in the story. Instead of the usually narrative of a floating outsider or just the prospective of one telling the story. crescendoed masterfully as it spun and tied loose ends.
Lots of suspense in this novel. It really grabbed me. Had to immediately tell a friend to read this one. There are alternating characters which really gives it a rich texture. And one of the main characters is taking so many risks that I found myself constantly wanting to jump in the page and say, "OMG don't do that."
The story started slow and was hard to read initially.  After the introduction of other characters you had to stay focused to remember names and incidences. I had to go back and reread some points to link relavent  clues and info.  All-in-all once I started associating characters and subtle clues I enjoyed the book immensely.
This was a recommendation to my book club as a great mystery. I found it slow, dull and boring, and thought I was the only one, until our book club get together. None of us could understand why it's such a best seller. I had a hard time slogging through to the finish and felt somewhat vindicated that others felt the same way.
I couldn't stop reading. At first I disliked the characters, even the main character, and yet I was hooked by the situation. Halfway through, I realized I was rooting for the main character and had revised my opinion of her. The writing is excellent, the characters superbly drawn, the tension palpable. Well done, Ms. Hawkins.
This is a good book for travel or the beach. It's a quick read, there's plenty of suspense, and the (grim) ending was somewhat hopeful for the protagonist. Believe me, she needs all the hope she can get. The characters aren't particularly likeable, but they are well-developed. Why not give it a go? You won't be any worse off.
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel!  From the first chapter, the characters are engaging.  The plot weaves and moves and there are true surprises.  It really did make me think how unfair we are to judge others. We never can see them for who they are without knowing what motivates them.  Looking forward to Ms. Hawkins next novel!
The story of a sad,, alcoholic, fat,  woman, wasting her life, pining away about a man she lost and  fantasizing. on a train, about how wonderful her life would be if she had him back, only to discover he was not so great after all.  Some people would enjoy reading this book for some sadistic reason, but not this reader<br/>.
You'll like this book if you enjoyed Gone Girl; however, the twist in The Girl on the Train isn't quite as shocking. It's a pretty good study on how we think we know the people in our lives and how we tend to cover up their ,sometimes glaring, faults because we choose not to see it and want very much to believe the very best.
I had to decide to stick with the book at first because the bouncing back and forth between characters was confusing.  Once it all became clear how they were connected, it was a good and suspenseful read.  The main character, the girl on the train, is the first character I have really disliked but rooted for at the same time!
Being that four and half stars is not an option, I will round up and happily give five.  What is the purpose of a good book?  If it is to lose yourself in it and care about the characters.....this story will not disappoint.  All the while, providing a great whodunit that will keep you wondering as you rifle through the pages!
With all the rave reviews I expected something more clever. The ending was quite predictable and there are a few loose ends that don't make sense. For example who told the press where to find Megan's first baby ? Why did Anna decide to help Rachel at the end when she could have turned on her with the police after Tom's death?
Couldn't stopping reading this book. I real page turner that I had to set aside on some nights because I knew that if I started, I would not go to sleep. Highly recommend it as a great escape with a good story line and strong characters. I was hooked and almost sad when I got to the end of the book because I just wanted more.
It took me a chapter or two in order to get used to the "Alternating person" style this was written in but it suits the story well and adds to the perspective of events. And, as a side note to the storyline I enjoyed the dark look into alcoholism, blackouts and domestic violence/emotional abuse. Very highly recommend!
Gone Girl - style writing - very twisty, and keeps your interest.  Main character was a sad type of girl, lots of issues, but she figures out the truth in the end.  I like the premise of how she would see a couple and their home from a stop the train she took everyday made, and extrapolated a fantasy of their lives from that.
I loved this book!  It was a nook club choce and was always showing up on my kindle suggestions.  I figured I would try it... I am glad I did.  Try it!  It is a well written, easy read- and from lots of different pov's ... Interesting look at how our perceptions of other people's lives can be so off.  Its a mystery, thriller.
I don't usually read "whodunit" books, but ordered this one on a friend's recommendation. What a fun book... So many characters, so many suspects, and all of them could have done it, but you have to read it to the end to find out who did. What a fun departutre from the historical fiction I usually find myself reading.
This book held my interest. I did feel invested in the characters especially Rachel even though she was tremendously flawed, I still kept rooting for her even though she was annoyingly self destructive at times.  The mystery was well crafted and riveting with twists and turns throughout.  I want to read more from this writer.
I have a busy life and I don't get to read very often and when I do, I seldom finish many of the books as I lose interest ! This book kept me coming back every minute I had free! Fascinating and realistic characters. Easy to immerse yourself in this book.  You won't want to put it down until you can figure things out!  Enjoy!
Not what I expected--there's a fascinating mystery, and a twist, and more than one narrator--but a main theme is whether Rachel can triumph, even for a little while, her issues and problems and survive.  I loved it, and it's a short enough novel that I would recommend it to almost any friend, even those who don't read a lot.
While a very enjoyable read, The Girl on the Train, is actually a deep account of the secrets people keep, the addictions many face, the lives many WANT to live and will foster that thru any means necessary. The ripple effect of those actions are vividly clear and concise thru the book. Enjoyable but more so, brutal truth...
I enjoyed "The Girl on the Train" very much. It kept my interest, and as a divorcee I could relate to the sadness Rachael felt. I found myself continually trying to guess who, how, and way in this "who done it" mystery love story. Very well written and great character studies. I highly recommend this book. :)
I had high hopes for this book as I heard it was as thrilling as "Gone Girl". That is just not the case.  However, it's an acceptable summer read. Writing is somewhat elementary, character development a little lacking, and the storyline predictable. I still enjoyed it, but it's not riveting. Still an acceptable read.
The premise was interesting, but, story seemed to just go on and on, forever, with people's sad lives, taking forever to come to the point, and at least after that there could have been some good character development, to resolve it. Overall, I was disappointed, as there did not seem to be much point to the sad dreary story.
The story starts out slow and a little confusing.  After reading the sample the first time I decided not to read it, but after it kept getting recommended to me I decided to try again and I'm glad I did.  It picks up after the first couple of chapters and then you can't put it down.  If you liked Gone Girl, you'll love this.
It was a good read and I was able to finish it in just a few days (a page turner). I somehow got the answer much earlier because I always have a good hunch for things like this. I like the way the story is narrated via a first female person and it was a challenge to jump back and forth between different characters. Good job!
It took me much longer to get into this book than I anticipated.  I actually read 3 others while trying to get truly interested.  Once you do get there (about 100 pages in), it does tend to pick up some steam and move right along.  there are some surprises as you get closer to the end.  Not a bad read, all things considered.
I really enjoyed this book. The plot takes unexpected twists and turns, keeping me very interested. The reality of life and how hard it is sometimes makes the characters very relatable. I couldn't put it down. It makes me ask myself, "how well do I know all of the people in my life" ...I'd highly recommend this book.
I don't like the comparisons to Gone Girl because I didn't particularly like Gone Girl.  However I loved this book.  Those reviews that say the lead character was weak must not have read the whole book.  I love the different perspectives, it makes for a great read.  I will be looking for more from this writer in the future.
I don't think I've ever given 5 stars before.  This book was well paced, full of fun twists and turns, and kept me guessing until at least 3/4 of the way through!!  I've already recommend to all of my friends who are avid readers.  If you like dark stories with twisted characters and surprising endings, this is a must read!
Hooked me from page 1, kept me up late and I cancelled a weekly meeting to stay home to finish it as every plausible plot I could think of would be proved wrong shortly after I thought I had it.  Very well written, not a word extra than it needed to set the mood.  Characters well fleshed out.  Cannot wait for the next book.
If you like people watching.  This book will get you hooked. The book starts with people watching from a train window.  Slowly the author reveals the true lives of these people.  It is never what it seems is a good way to describe this book.  You will keep reading to get the full picture.  I read this in less than 24 hours.
I do not relate well to weak, helpless women who have no self confidence.  I slogged through this book because others raved about it. I found it depressing and I totally disliked every single character.  I stopped reading it two times and finally finished it.  I don't know why.....I would not recommend this book to anyone!
For me, it took a me a while to get into the story.  I had trouble keeping the characters straight at first, but then it really picked up and the mystery grew and made me want to charge on into the story.  By the end, I was really wanting to know the end of the mystery.  I won't spoil it for you, but it was worth the read.
The author has you live in the character's lives. We hear, speak, experience what they have. The bounding from time to time keeps you guessing what's next in their lives. Who are/ were these people?! And keeps the guessing going into the very end. Great read. I do recommend for others to read it to enjoy it for themselves.
My wife told how well this book was written, and I was looking for a pallet cleaning from the last series I read. I am so glad I took her advice. Very well done... always looking forward to sliding the kindle open each night. Enough suspense to keep you guessing and a twist that I really enjoyed being fooled by. Kudos ....
Very disappointed.  I had the 'who done it' solved mid-way through the book. The chapters are told from the view of one of the 3 female characters- Rachel, Megan or Anne - and jumps in time frame. The author does NOT develop any of the characters so they are all shallow.  Don't understand how it made the best sellers list.
I was VERY disappointed with this book. The story jumped around from character to character and in the beginning it was very confusing - hard to keep the characters straight.  At times it seemed like so much of the story was repetitive.  I would not recommend spending the money on this book.  Not my type of mystery novel..
I really enjoyed this book as much as I thought I would! It is very well written and keeps you guessing until the end, the characters are well developed and written.  I enjoy suspense thrillers and I would classify this book as one, great read!  If you enjoyed Gone Girl, you will enjoy this book as well.  Highly recommend.
Intense thriller story which keeps you involved, turning page after page. I kind of thought I knew what would happen next, but the story constantly surprised me! I did find some sections a little complicated, but overall I really loved this roller coaster ride of a story. I can see why this author has had brilliant reviews
Really got into this story right from the start. The characters were interesting and believable and I enjoyed the setting in London and it's suburbs. I like a good read, and this book was one that I couldn't put down. Will definitely read another by Paula Hawkins, it was recommended to me and I will recommend it to others.
I didn't think I was going to like this book because the beginning wasn't particularly interesting and some what confusing. However, although it does take at least a quarter of the story, it really gets your attention and you can't put it down. A nice read with lots of twist and turns. Wish it had had a more dynamic start.
Characters are not only flat but unsympathetic. There is no one for a reader to identify with or root for, so why would a reader care? Worse than Gone Girl, and that was pretty bad in the same way.<br/><br/>Having multiple narrators could have been very effective, but not when every one of them is so dull and unlikeable.
I thought it was a little confusing for the first few chapters to get all the characters straight in my mind, but it finally came together and was a pretty good  mystery ... When I read a mystery I like to get hooked immediately. It took a little more time to get into this book for me but I would read Paula Hawkins again..
This was compelling to read...but weird, also.  I think the best word to describe it is "disturbing."  When I finished it, I was glad to find answers, but it didn't leave me with a "Gee, I love that book" feeling.  I kept wanting to tell the girl to stop making stupid choices and to straighten out her life.
I really wanted to give this 4 stars. I just didn't think it was that great a novel. Like it tried too hard for the comparisons to"Gone Girl". I didn't think the characters were believable or likeable. It jumped around quite a bit, too. Hard to keep track of all those dates and times. Just an "okay" effort.
This was great book. Started out a little slow but ended up being a good read. A lot of twist and turns. Had me on the edge of my seat the last few chapters. The women in this book area little scary but it makes sense later why they have the issues they have. Three different women basically sharing some of the same issues.
Hawkins has managed to weave contemporary issues into age-old addictions and problems.  She is very skilled at developing each character, spinning  suspense with ever-increasing intensity.  I hope to read much more from this author.  If your family has been touched by mental illness or by alcoholism, don't miss this novel.
I really liked the style of the book, written in three different people's point of view. The only thing is, we never get the chance to find out enough of what Anna was thinking during the climatic scene. What did Tom say to her?  We got a little snippet but not enough, in my opinion.  As a result, I had to take a star off.
Riding on a train will never be the same. Ms. Hawkins tells a tale from the viewpoints of three women and keeps us mesmerized and guessing until the end of the story. Excellent character development, an intriguing plot, and well-written passages keep the reader's interest. Well done. I am looking forward to her next novel!
This reader found the story lines hard to follow.  There were too many people doing too many things.  The stories switched back and forth.  It wasn't until close to the end that I figured out the characters.  The characters did have interesting lives and I was happy to see the alcoholic character getting her life together.
This didn't live up to the hype. It's not terrible, but it seemed to drag on a bit. The use of (3) alternating narrators kept the story interesting. Unfortunately I could see where the plot was going about half way through, so I can't rate it as suspenseful. If you loved "Gone Girl", this will be a dissappointment.
Suspenseful ....  we meet one woman who rides the train commuting to a non-existing job and see through her eyes what she sees out the train window.  From there, we get involved with two other women and two men.  The woman on the train takes it upon herself to report to the police what she has seen.  Nosy nosy, meddlesome!
A little twisted... the book won't probably appeal to those looking for a satisfying ending. It held my interest, the story hung together, the characters and their actions were true to themselves throughout the whole book, but I'm still not sure if I liked it. Four stars because it was well written, not because it made me happy.
I was honestly surprised that I liked this book as much as I did!  Thought it would be an "ok" book and as I progressed through the book I liked it more and more.  It is not a gory, bloody book - which is good!  But the twists surprise you, just when you thought you had it figured out!  Highly recommend this book.
This book was great! It was full of twists which keeps you wanting more! Something that I would tell others they should read!<br/>The only thing that I didn't really like was that all the male characters didn't seem to have any redeeming qualities to them, but if you can get past that it's definitely a great summer read!
This book is written in a similar way to Gone Girl. Someone goes missing and the author constantly messes with your head while you're trying to figure out what really happened. This book is just as dark but I prefer the ending more in The Girl on the Train. If you like Gone Girl or Dark Places I would recommend this book.
This book was recommended by a friend. I thought the story drug on from the 3rd capture. (How many ways can you describe alcohol)? Toward the last chapters it began to get interesting and tense which was enjoyable. The ending was a slight curve with a twist(no pun intended).this one I would not likely recommend to others.
Quick read and would recommend for any suspense enthusiast. It's hard to believe some of the main characters actions would go unchecked. All the characters are so broken you can imagine the writer just coming up with the worst crimes and applying. As for Tom, the author dissent give a motive so the reader is left clueless
Not that I always read the most highbrow literature, but seldom do I read this sort of drivel.  If you want mindless reading save this book for those lazy, hazy days of summer.  With everything out there to read your time would be better spent on another book, rather than with this pitiable and unreliable, drunk narrator.
This is a fabulous read. I hope the author is working on her next one. I was hooked right away and the suspense only builds from there. I don't want to write anything that would be  a spoiler, and many others have described the plot; I simply recommend it to all those who love a suspense novel and many plot twists. Enjoy.
Admittedly, this was very readable, and I was interested in what was going to happen...It's just that the ending subjectively was not very satisfying. Let's just say if this were made into a movie, the Lifetime Channel (if that's still around) would be the appropriate distribution channel, starring Meredith Baxter Birney.
Exciting book but I would have liked to see a little bit of tightening up on the editorial side.  Also (this is nitpicking) one segment tells us it's evening and in the next breath the sun is "streaming through the leaves."  Also was Tom ever charged with Megan's murder?  Loose ends.  All in all, a very good read.
After reading all the comparisons of this book to "Gone Girl", my expectations were (perhaps unfairly) extremely high.  While the writing style of this author was more polished and masterful, I found the plot twists and ending far less surprising.  Comparisons aside, an enjoyable read that was well worth the time.
The beginning was a bit slow, and it spent too much time focused on the main characters drinking problem.  However around the middle of the novel it got very interesting and was full of twists.  Overall a good read.  I listened on Audible and the reading was done by three different English women who did an excellent job.
WOW!  I don't normally read thrillers, but I am glad I made an exception!  This is such a great book with a very unique, gripping plot, a sympathetic main character (you can't help but feel for Rachel), and the romance and claustrophobia of riding the train!  Couldn't wait to get back to it at the end of the day and made me stay up too late trying to get a few more chapters read!!
Awesome thriller!!  Although I've seen it compared many times to "Gone Girl", I think it's much more like a great Jodi Piccoult in that many people have completely different takes on the same event.  I loved the different perspectives and this story truly keeps you guessing until the end - would highly recommend!
I really enjoyed this book. It is definitely twisted in an almost "Gone Girl" sort of way. I enjoyed the alternating narrative, which kept  you guessing for the majority of the novel. The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because it did become a bit predictable toward the end. Overall, great, twisty read.
I wasn't quite sure how this book was going to go when it started out, because the first quarter was kind of slow and I couldn't dedicate the attention needed to focus on the backstory of the characters. However it soon grabbed my attention and I couldn't put it down. Lots of twists and turns and really scary characters.
A really interesting story.  Well written.  It involves so many facets of imagination, intrigue and surprises, that the story really kept me involved!!!  Just further proof that women who are abused, are too ready to accept the blame rather than the perpetrator!  One does suspect the guilty party before it is revealed!!!
If you need a good beach read or travel (plane/train especially) read, this is the book to get.  I read it in just a few days because I found it compelling.  I don't usually care for characters such as these, but somehow, the writer drew me in and I began to feel for some of them--not all, which is why it is a good book!
Excellent!  It's rare that I pick up a page-turner like this - smart, literate, authentic, and with a great twist I didn't see coming.  The protagonist is so flawed and so human, and at points I wanted to reach into the story and speak to her.  This is truly what a good mystery should be.  Any more, and I'd be a spoiler.
I really enjoyed this book. It didn't drag on, and had enough happening to make me want to keep reading. I figured out what was going to happen before the end, but I still wanted to finish the book. The only thing that bugged me was the dating of everything on a timeline. It seemed irrelevant, but that's just my opinion.
I found it very hard to stay with this book. There's not one likeable character and the repetitive drunken behaviour of the protagonist becomes very predictable and not very interesting. After all the positive reviews, I was very disappointed. I got to the point quite quickly where I really didn't care who did it or why.
I always have difficulty reading books where there are written paragraphs dedicated to each individual character.  It is almost as if you have to go back and re-read some portions so that you can keep up with the plot. The ending was a surprise and I was finally able to figure out who the main character was - I think....
I am a voracious reader; mostly history, politics, and historical fiction, and every once in a while a good thriller. After reading a NY Times review of this book, I immediately ordered it on my Kindle. It should capture the excited attention of readers of any genre - the intensity and suspense is undeniable. I loved it!
The most boring ... Predictable book ever. No character development. Rachel just started to get on my last nerves towards the middle of the book. Anna was just plain annoying. Megan was a lost soul. Paula Hawkins is no Gillian Flynn. Highly disappointed.
The story is taut and thoroughly engaging! I was up way past bedtime reading as fast as I could. Better than Gone Girl, more believable, more satisfying on multiple levels. Highly recommended. If you are looking for a good, entertaining read, this is it!
This is a trashy book about trashy people.
It was a goog book.  I enjoyed reading it.
Did not like and would not even finish it.
Just ok. Don't know why it's a bestseller.
Lots of hype, but for me, did not deliver.
Kept me coming back for more! Great ending
I was a little confused in the beginning sorting through the characters, all written in the I, or first person. It was pretty true to form going down the rabbit hole of alcoholism and the consequences that incur. It was well written. I gave it a four because I was able to figure out the conclusion at the half way mark.
Amen all you Train Girl Haters, this thing SUCKS! I read to the end only to find out what happened, but found myself skipping over large sections of the last chapters. THis multi-POV thing is all the rage, can't wait for that to end.<br/>Who cares about whiney, self absorbed twenty somethings in England. Save your $9!
The story draws you in. It is well-written and suspenseful. We want Rachel to be ok and "get" a life and we want to know what has happened to Megan, we want to know what exactly occurred, but at a certain point reading from three points of view becomes tedious and who the culprit is was obvious from the middle.
I found this book difficult to really get in to it.  It was an average read, nothing that really grabbed me until almost half way thru the book.<br/>I wouldn't suggest to a friend who's looking for a really good book to read this book.<br/>Am surprised it was at the top of the Top 10 book list in the Chicago Tribune.
I really enjoyed reading this book.  You really had to pay attention to who was talking but that made it more interesting.<br/>The main character was very real and likeable and it made you want to root for her.  I love a good mystery that I can't figure out until the end of the book!<br/> This is a great summer read!
It took almost a third of the book to really capture my attention to the point that I didn't want to put it down, but once it did, I was in. A great read that kept me guessing until I was sure there weren't possibly enough pages for a good resolution to the story; sort of like Gone Girl, but this ending was way better!
Excellent sense of timing. Author slowly revealed the information relevant to the plot. Storyline expertly woven. My only hangup was a little confusion at the beginning trying to understand who was who. The names were confusing at first. Hard to tell who was telling the story. Overall, a good read-couldn't put it down.
What an incredible story. Bought the book by a accident but couldn't stop once I started. Had difficulty in the beginning sorting out who was who but the story took off after that. What a sad tale but well written. I would recommend this book to anyone. Some of us are so dependent on others that we'll believe anything.
I finally found a book that got me back into reading.  I have not enjoyed a book this much since Gone Girl.  I hit the halfway mark, then curled up and finished the darn thing in one sitting because I could not put it down!  The writing isn't the best, but the story is exciting and kept me guessing until the last page.
A great read. The layout was odd but not hard to follow once you catch on...by then you're hooked to know what happened. The protagonist is amply flawed. The antagonist is a surprise. Some of the characters are puzzling but ultimately play a part in the outcome. You will not want to put this one down 'il you finish it!
I like a good suspense; however I figured out who pretty quick & walked away b/c of the obnoxious drunkedness After some conversations w/ other readers I fought through more story but didn't get pulled into the details of piecing the puzzle until 3/4 through the whole thing; the only true surprise was the very very end
Although it started off slow, it captured my attention. I thought I knew what was going to happen next, only to have the author blow me away with unexpected twists! Definetly a good read...my only advice is to push through the slow beginning---it DOES get MUCH better!!!!  I'll be reading more from this author for sure!
This book has often been compared to Gone Girl.  Of the two, The Girl on the Train is second best.  I enjoyed the writing and the story held me curious until almost the end.  Having been involved in my past with several people who could have inspired the book, I think Hawkins captures her characters very realistically.
Although the unusual format confused me at first, I soon figured it out and then, couldn't put it down.  All the characters were real and interesting.  The plot had me guessing to the end.  Nice to find a well-written murder mystery.  They are few and far between.  I think everyone will love this book as much as I did.
Paula Hawkins where have you been my whole life?!<br/><br/>This was AHHMAZING. I loved the character development. I loved that they each had their own demons. It was so real life. It's so enjoyable reading a book that you literally do not know the ending. Definitely looking forward to more great books by this author.
I really enjoyed the book - it does have a sort of 'Gone Girl' feel, but I liked that book too.  I think the characters are interesting and although I did figure out a portion of the ending, I had to keep reading to see if I was correct.  This was a book club read and I think there is plenty to discuss at our meeting.
In some ways, it was difficult to read, someone's raw emotions, uncertainties, fears. It all felt as if it were coming from me. Not many authors can do that.  This is not just some little whodunit, read it, forget about it, read it again in 10 years, forgetting you read it before. You WILL remember you read  this one.
Not a five-star book but it kept me entertained from cover to cover. I was never bored. Also, it was nowhere near as dark and depressing as I had feared. I'm glad I read it because I was curious. Now my curiosity is satisfied, plus I got more than 300 pages of easy entertainment out of it. I can't complain about that!
This is a thriller who done it that reminded me of Gone Girl. However this one kept me guessing fretting & panicking & judging and finally analyzing longer. This book will have your head spinning, as it is told from four characters points of view. Incredible debut effort by Paula Hawkins. I highly recommend this book.
I LOVED THIS BOOK!! The book starts off a bit slow, introducing characters but it picks up and takes off!!!<br/>The plot, the twists, the characters - the author did an amazing job keeping the reader entertained and intrigued! I can't wait for the movie adaptation of this book. I hope the movie does the book justice!
Read this in a day. Couldn't stop! I love a great psychological mystery, and this was one. Also, I didn't see the ending coming a mile away, which I always appreciate. Some language/situations but not nearly as graphic as Gone Girl. Gripping read, satisfactory ending. Hope Hawkins writes another one along these lines.
The alternating person narration was a bit confusing at first.  I had to go back and look at dates.  Once I got the rythm it went along smoothly and the story grabbed me. My opinion of the characters turned topsy-turvey as the story went along.  A good read.  well written.  but I'm still not sure how I feel about it!?
It was hyped far too much.  And it wasn't a thriller.  I expect a thriller to make my imagination run wild and keep me on the edge of my seat.  There was none of that.  I never like to figure out who did it before the reveal, so much so that I actively try not to figure it out.  But I couldn't help it, it was obvious.
If you're a woman and have lived a life...this book will stun you with it's gritty raw look at the female psyche.  I laughed.  I cringed.  I related. I cheered. I read it in two days.  Could not put it down.  If you have gone through a really difficult time, read it.  I hope it's as cathartic for you as it was for me.
Loved this book. The plot captivated me. The main character was quite a warrior, battling her demons and struggling to figure out a murder at the same time. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys psychological mysteries. Get ready to be a prisoner of this author while you are reading. She won't let you go!!!
I can't believe its interesting to the readers to have everyone having a affair.<br/>Very shallow book. Could of been a good crime story without out 'ALL" the family abuse & affaris.<br/>One couple was enough. We don't like 'everyone' being dysfunctional.<br/> Book got repetitive after while.<br/>Easy to read.
Hard to follow especially if you have to lay it down often.  Hard to know which character she is talking about.  It just didn't interest me as much as most good mystery's do and I read a lot.  I expected too much as others compared it to "Gone Girl".  There was no comparison as I gave that one 5 stars.  Sorry.
This book grabbed me from the beginning and didn't let go.  Rachel, unreliable has completely gone off the rails.  Thanks to alcohol and self destructive behaviors she has lost her "perfect" life and her job.  But she simply won't give up her former life, and in the end she finds out it wasn't what she thought it wAs.
A pretty good read with to much tragedy and guilt trips. If it was meant to make you feel bad about humanity, it succeeded. A good twist at the end but it took quite some time to get there.<br/>I would recommend this book to people that need to verify that there are other people out there more miserable than you are.
Great book, some parts are slow and some are confusing but overall was a good book.  I love trains and the idea of where people might be going and what people in the houses near the tracks might be doing. I like how this book invokes that feeling and then takes you in to find out about the lives of the people you see.
All of the characters in this book have a psychological or social problem.  I tired of reading about all of the alcoholism over and over.  I kept reading just because I hoped the story line would get better.  It finally got better in the last chapter.
II can only rate what I read as I did not complete the book.  Personally, I thought it<br/>was difficult to follow.  The characters were always vague and strange - hard to know who was who - what was real<br/>and what wasn't.  A dreamlike book - i prefer more down to earth characters and realistic circumstances.  .
This book was very different, I was a little confused and it took me a while to sort out what was going on.  You feel like you are in their heads most of the time and you can sense the mental illness/depression that 2 of the main characters are dealing with.  I was surprised to find out who the killer was in the end!
Difficult read. The book started out slow and floundered to the end. The story line bounced all over the place and the story lines did not match up. I dragged myself all the way to the end hoping/thinking it might get better. Sadly it never did. With so many excellent reads out there, I would not recommend this book.
Ms Hawkins really "hit one out of the park" with her excellent debut novel! I wish I'd had time to read it in one sitting, as I had a difficult time putting it down each night before bed. I have recommended it to all my family and friends! Looking forward to seeing many more books from this terrific author!!
Lots of twists and turns in this novel!  A page turner to say the least!  I purchased this book for my Kindle by accident.  I had just wanted to read a summary, pushed the wrong button and purchased it!  So glad that happened as I really enjoyed the book!  A surprise ending is in store for every reader of this book!
Sorry I wasted my time reading this book!  I kept waiting and waiting for something to happen - and it finally did in the last few chapters.  However, it wasn't enough to make reading this book worthwhile.  Don't know what all the hype is about with this book.  I've heard the same response as mine from other people.
The worse part of this book was the ending - why? Because it was over. I just wanted more and more. Loved the story, loved the development of the characters and loved the dark suspense. I figured out the "who done it" before it was revealed, but was happy when my thoughts were confirmed. This is a MUST read.
Read this for a book club.  I'm not a fan of the overlapping alternating narrative style of writing, but that's just my personal opinion.  Some of the characters are a bit two-dimensional as well, but overall a pleasant page-turner.  If you're looking for something in the vein of Gone Girl, this is a good imitation.
Strong characters with each telling their story leads the reader through a who is the killer maze.  Often when the story leads you directly to a character a wall blocks them from being the killer.  The entanglements and the issue of blackouts often sends us down another path.  The author does wrap the story up well.
Loved this book. As the story progresses, more about each character is revealed and they aren't quite what you expected them to be. A page turning thriller as well as an intricate story about the lead character, her idiosyncrasies, patterns of destruction, and revelations that will turn her life around. A good read.
The plot and main character were too twisted for me to follow. I quit reading afer 28% of the book. The main character told too many lies to herself and to others for me to understand the characters. The descriptions were good. It is not my cup of tea. It was recommended to me but I will not recommend it to others.
Pay attention when you read this book because you need to be able to follow the plot by staying in tune with what the characters are telling you. The book held my curiosity until the end if for no other reason than I wanted to find out the "who did it" and "why". Very intriguing turns in the events!
I so looked forward to reading this book because of all the hype surrounding it, but it wasn't that outstanding. Quite predictable and way too much character development of the leading character, Rachel. She ended up being quite depressing for dozens of pages....I was not shocked by the ending and was hoping to be.
Things are not what they seem to be!  This story focuses on a very flawed main character.  Her issues are well developed and keep you focused, the question is whether you are paying attention to the right character.  Nice twist and turn to this story.  Quick read not too heavy worth having on your summer book list.
This was a really great vacation book as it moved quickly and was an easy read. The theme/story was something a little bit different. As someone who used to ride a commuter train on the back side of  stranger's homes.  I connected with the set up of the story.  After that however, it just got a bit too far fetched.
Starts slow, but once the pace picks up its difficult to put down. The main character Rachel is really annoying and as the reader you want her to have some self respect, but she just doesn't until the end. The book does a great job detailing Rachel's struggles with alcoholism and lost of memories due to her illness.
This was a very strange book.  Not at all like I expected.  Interestingly, it was one that I had a hard time putting down.  I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next.  It reads like the diary of the two prime characters, rather than a story told from one person's view.  That made it a bit hard to follow.
The Girl on the Train was a quick, interesting read. Although it started a bit slow, it quickly picked up and by the end I couldn't put it down. I do wish it would have had more meat to it, and the twist/ reveal could have been built up a bit more. Altogether it was a good book, I'd recommend it as a vacation read.
Don't bother, I don't know what all the hype is about this book.  I hate to post negative reviews, but this book was so boring and drawn out.  It did not really get into the characters and it was by no means realistic with one character doing things that no real person would really do.  Skip it, it is not worth it.
The writer kept my attention and had a twist I didn't foresee. Only complaint was sometimes it was confusing because three different narratives were in the book and switching back and forth was sometimes hard to keep straight because of time lapse. Overall the book was a good read and I would recommend to a friend.
After reading all the various reviews by prominent book reviewers, I really expected more than I got;  what a depressing book.  Not that it should have been cheerful and uplisting given the story line, but it never got any better.  I finished it because that's what I do, but I wouldn't recommend it to my book club.
This started out kind of slow (like a train) but picked up speed. Soon, it was hurtling along without any brakes.<br/><br/>The plot was based on a very clever premise. Who hasn't made up stories about strangers they see along their commute? Few of us ever meet them, and fewer still become involved in their lives.
This is also well-written and sometimes a page-turner but it definitely is of the soap-opera variety; the main character a drunk, the murder-victim a sort of empty-headed boring creature, the coming together of the bereaved husband and the drunken "girl on the train" being most unlikely. It passes the time.
I came across a mention of this book in USA Today and bought it to pass time.  I had no expectation that it would be so well written (is this Ms. Hawkins' first book?!) with such well developed characters and a storyline that keeps you guessing right up to the near end.  This is the "Gone Girl" of 2015 for sure!
Once you could get into it, it was excellent . The beginning was a bit slow and I was afraid it was going to be like Gone Girl...which I really had a difficult time getting into. After a few chapters, it really picked up and was "I was I can't put it down book. If you like who done it books, this one is for you!
After I read the first few pages I thought it would be a really good book.  Rachel was an interesting character. Unfortunately,  as I read further, all the characters were basically the same. They were all twisted and disturbed and such an unrealistic plot that it was just not believable. So, thumbs down for me!
It's been months since the last time I was unable to read a book & not be able to put it down!!!!! I think I finished it in 2 days, just cause I sometimes had to put it down, unfortunately!!! Definitely a well written, clever thriller set in London's outskirts. Places I've heard & always wanted to go. - MissyMac
This book reminded me a little of "Gone Girl" - the story being told from different points of view, a missing wife.  But it has a very different plot.  The characters are believable though whether likable or not probably depends on the individual reader.  This would be a good Book Club choice.  A lot to discuss.
I am having trouble getting past the fact that every character was flawed in someway and almost all of them in very disturbed ways. The book overall is decent and twist isn't to surprising, it felt at times a story more about people with addictions. Not a bad read but predictable, you have see this movie before.
This was a terrific mystery.  The characters were complicated women and men who were very different than they appeared to be on the surface.  It was a page turner and I couldn't put it down.  If you're looking for a good story with just the right amount of suspense, you will love this book.  Highly recommend it.
Didn't Finish it.  Couldn't get involved.
It was just an OK novel. Nothing special.
Did not like this book.  Just pods along.
I just don't care about these characters.
Great read, suspenseful, shocking ending!
Enjoyable read.  Wasn't very suspenseful.
More damaged people doing twisted things.
Probably the worst book I have ever read.
Like watching a movie, only with words!!!
Great who done it. Liked this book a lot.
very interesting read! i didnt want to put it down till i found out what happened and how it happened. the characters were develeoped nicely and well written drama. makes you think about your own life and how we live and treat others and what lies do we all tell ourselves and the ones we love? nicely done book!
Hawkins knows how to develop character. I particularly like it when the characters are multi-dimensional, where the reader likes them but hates them for their faults, we root for them but understand their demise. What begins as a simple story turns into a thrilling ride of jealousy, anger, sadness and insanity.
Paula Hawkins grabs your attention right from the start and she has you wondering why you might be interested in  a self-admitted drunk on a train. As the story progresses and more characters come alive and perspectives change, you begin to understand why. She keeps you guessing until the end.Great story-teller
I loved this book!  I am a HUGE fan of the BBC and all TV shows British so I could imagine the setting perfectly.  What I loved about this book and British crime shows is that you never see it coming.  There were some shockers in this book.  I heard it was going to be made into a movie, it should be a good one.
This was a book that I read after reading the review in the Costco magazine :)<br/>I did not realize that it was a suspense book - and I don't think it is categorized as that. I did find it suspenseful however. I liked how similar scenarios were written from different people's perspective. It was a quick read.
Like a film noir, it's a book noir.  Surprise ending couldn't figure it out til author wants u to.  Easy, relaxed read then builds to a crescendo of unknown destination.  Realistic that's the scary part.  Better suited for a mature audience simply because such an audience would not get bored.  Good summer read.
the book started out slow and girly and I thought I can't read a book like this, I am too macho. But if I tried to put it down, something happened to make me keep reading, and it morphed into a great book, so many stories and twists I had to keep reading. It ended up being a great book, if you give it a chance.
Mysteries fold one inside the other in this psychological crime drama. Every line in this book is a character's thought and therefore, highly suspect. I love this protagonist, her pickled perspective and the view from the train. If you need to check out of your life for a bit, this story is a great place to go.
Listened to the audio version on a trip and enjoyed story. The main character was a bit hard to be patient with as her alcoholism was clearly a huge problem. I know it was part of the story line but I just kept thinking how much better off she would be. Good story and it kept my interest on a long boring drive.
I've never read a book where I disliked the main character so much--the drunken, sniveling, self-pitying Rachel. But that's what the author intended and this is a great read. The author employs first person narratives from the three main female characters to fashion a murder mystery whose end is a big surprise.
Enjoyed this book immensely, it's twists and turns as characters evolve keeps readers guessing and wanting more. It's beautiful how the author allows us insight into not only how the characters view themselves but also how others view them. It's not often you can have a 360 degree view of a character in a book.
At first I thought I would hate it, but it was very descriptive of character and place, making it easy to see in my mind and imagine the story.  Was able to get almost to the end before I figured it out, and I've thought of it often since finishing it, a sure sign that I was captivated by the story and setting.
This was a very well-crafted and fast-paced story. Telling scenes from different characters' points of view was very well done and not at all confusing, as that technique can sometimes be. At first, it seemed reminiscent of "Gone Girl", but soon took on a life of its own. A great read, sorry it is over!
Once you understand that each chapter is about the person named at the lead off paragraph of the chapter the narrative starts to make some sense. Until that moment though the narrative is difficult to follow. About halfway through the story starts to congeal and the book is difficult to put down. Great ending!
The story started a bit slowly, but picked up the pace nicely. The characters are developed wonderfully, exposing more each time you meet them. Much remains hidden and is revealed slowly, then accelerating as the climax approaches. It's also a great object lesson in why one doesn't want to become an alcoholic.
As the mystery unfolds and secrets are revealed, this novel keeps you involved. I finished it in two days as I wanted to know what had happened. It reminded me of Gone Girl in its preposternousness, but it was written much better. I found the ending unsatisfying, but it was a fun, if highly unbelievable, read!
I have to say I liked it, couldn't put it down, had to find out what happened.<br/><br/>This book is terribly plot driven, and while not poorly written, it doesn't offer a heck of a lot more than a thrilling ride. I guess that is what this genre is meant for. And in that case, I was happy to take part in it.
It's okay. Just okay. It is a beach read that you can easily finish in two days but it doesn't deserve all the praise it is receiving. I didn't particularly enjoy the viewpoints of Rachel, Megan or Anna. I found Rachel especially pathetic to the point that it detracted from the "suspense" of the story.
This book had many twists especially  toward the ending.  The only criticism I have is the writing style.  It hops from character to character--so you need to know who you're reading about as you go from one to the other.  However, it was suspenseful and the ending was such a surprise.  Definitely a good read.
Really enjoyed the book. The conflict within the main charecter, Rachel was great. Questioning herself, her friends, to understand what is real, what  is real that she does not even know...sounds confusing but not at all to reader.  But you get such real feeling of how confusing it is to Rachel. Great writing.
Depressing is not a word to describe it. I feel sick to my stomach, I won't be able to sleep. There is a baby part in this book that is so very brutal and so very dark! It makes me sick!  And angry. The writing is good, story line is good but you won't leave happy but you will leave feeling numb and depressed.
I couldn't put this book down once I really got into it.  I especially liked the last third of the book.  I loved the use of multiple narrators.  The book has inspired me to begin working on my first book.  Of note, I may be guilty of liking the book's style more so than the actual story or characters. Sue me.
This book was an easy read but I am not sure why it got such outstanding reviews.  Although the book was suspenseful I did find it predictable.  Too bad, I am not sure I can agree either that it was Hitchcockian.  But for those who enjoyed it, good for them.  I on the other hand don't understand they hype....Though some of the relationships were believable, others were far fetched and contrived.  Too much emphasis was put on the "blackouts".  Their purpose of them seemed to me to be giving the author creative license because heck she was too drunk to remember. It was a good premise but a disappointing delivery. This is my opinion, I don't like giving to many details when reviewing a book, in the event someone would like to read it anyway.  I did not hate the book so I did give it a 3 for the suspense, but with so many positive reviews this book fell short.
The Girl on the Train is now one of my all time favorites.  It kept me reading, wondering, wanting to read faster but slowing down to enjoy it even more.  This is one book I will read again which for me, doesn't happen very often.  I don't think there was one thing I would want changed in the book.  Great job!
A bit less compelling than _Gone Girl_, with which thriller it is often compared.  But a fine read, nonetheless.  The use of multiple narration and the recurring train motif is masterfully done.  A dark and somber novel, but one well worth the reading.  I look forward to future efforts by this talented writer.
Slow to begin with-I almost put it down at times. But; by the time I read 50% I couldn't put it down!  I spent a whole afternoon reading and doing chores-couldn't wait to get back to reading it towards the end.  Don't give up on it if it comes off slow and plodding at the beginning.  It will all come together.
I absolutely loved this book. It kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the book - a real thriller. I had a hard time putting it down. I had read somewhere, "move over Gillian Flynn" and I have to agree, although I really enjoy Gillian Flynn's books. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone.
Wow!  This book definitely  not boring.  I will read read all books written by Paula Hawkins as they are published.  I bought this book one day and finished<br/>It the next morning.  Characters were well defined.  Liked the separate chapters written for each of the female characters describing their thoughts.
Thoroughly enjoyed this can't-put-it-down book!  Simple, but compelling story.  The story was, at first, so normal.  I've been on trains and picked out a favorite house to look for during the ride.  I just loved how Hawkins took something like that--Something so ordinary--and turned it into a fantastic story.
Outstanding suspense.  Hard to put down.  The characters are well conceived and believable.  The author is able to get inside the heads of the major figures in the novel, delving into complexities without being overly contrived.  There is also a dark side to most of the psyches which keeps the reader on edge.
WOW! Watching this tragic story unfold with numerous twists and turns this novel holds the reader tight with rapt anticipation, the ending races to its conclusion leaving the reader breathless. I would recommend this book to book clubs and anyone would loves to feel the words unfold into a enchanting mystery.
The story was great, the buildup and street was excellent. It's a bit slow in the beginning, but now I see the significance of the structure and direction of the stories within a story. If you like James Patterson you will like this book. This author was great. I'll definitely be adding this to my collection.
In the beginning, it was difficult to keep up with who the story was about.  Then, I realized that there are two time lines related to the three women.  After I started paying close attention to the date at the beginning of the chapter, it made perfect sense.  Interesting literary technique.  I like the book.
the writer was able to grip me with her character development but rachel was really screwed up. but in the end someone else (the killer) was even more screwed up. it was so full of disfunctional emotional trauma that it was too "sick" for me to want to read anything more like it. i WAS gripped though.
Slow start for me with unsympathetic characters. Then about a third of the way thru it picked up speed and really rolled me along. First person present narrative voice is a narrow viewpoint but with alternating chapters written in three women's viewpoints the story could expand imam interesting way. 4+ stars!
This was madness in it's truest form.  I thought it was a waste of time reading this depiction<br/>of an alcoholic and her inebriated state of affairs and delusions.<br/>Don't waste your money as there are too many good stories out there to read.<br/>Sorry Paula Hawkins, surely you can do better than this.
just ok.<br/>held my interest.  I i thought the author did a great job conveying the self loathing , shame,  guilt ,  compulsion, and  thought  processes  of an alcoholic.  A good read for anyone trying to understand what its like inside the mind  of an active alcoholic.  sounds like  author  has been there.
I did not like the book at first--slogging though the alcoholic's meanderings and cheating husbands.  It seemed like there were not any redeeming characters.  But I persevered, and in the end, it redeemed itself.  Maybe it should only be a 3.5 when I think about all of the wonderful books I have given a 4 to.
WOW!! One of the BEST thrillers I have read this year and I read a book every other week. I was SO upset with myself that I read it over two nights. It is un-put-down-able!! Recommend it to everyone who likes a good mystery......even if you get the " who done it " you will still be shocked at the end!
Kept me guessing until the very end. I always think I can follow the clues and finger the bad apple, but this author was rather clever. She gives smidgen of clues to keep you off track. It was a good read. If I do not like the characters right away, I will not continue the read. I couldn't put my tablet down.
I truly enjoyed this book. It was hard to put it down. I read it in 2 days. It had a good pace and had me guessing all the time. Some people compare this book to Gone Girl but I don't agree. There are twists but it is not crazy like Gone Girl. In this book you don't know who to hate until the end! Good story!
Very well written, with an engrossing plot.  Moving back and forth between female characters takes a bit of getting used to, but doesn't interfere with the forward movement of the plot. The examination of the psychology of the alcoholic and blackouts is realistic. The book made a very long trip seem shorter.
This woman endures more than is expected by any means. She has lived and lost. Becomes engulfed in sadness and addiction only to be part of a tragedy that is out of her control. A good read that is hard to put down because you feel for the character and only want her to put herself back together and be safe.
Could not put it down once it was past the slow beginning. Very entertaining overall.  In my opinion a better read than gone girl. This book reminded me of when I used to commute to the city everyday. I shared that in common with the main character who enjoyed looking at the back of the houses she passed by.
The plot of this story is good, but it starts out slow and confusing.  I put it down for a few days because it was too confusing.  When I started reading it again and it made sense, I couldn't put it down! I would recommend this book but add paying close attention to the characters when you start reading it.
Interesting plot.  But it did not keep me on the edge of my seat.  The outcome was different than I imagined.  It did contain some inappropriate language that I did not see as necessary.  Because of that, I am not likely to recommend it to my friends.  And it is not likely that I would want to read it again.
I liked the structure of the book... that of a morning and an evening like a train schedule.  Also told in that structure in different voices, the voice of one character from past dates catching up to the present.  Interesting.  Suspenseful like Gone Girl but with a much more satisfying ending in my opinion.
This was an easy book to read and a thrilling one too.  Anytime I started reading I didn't want to stop.  I never expected the ending!  Anyone who likes to feel the emotional turmoil of your characters and loves the excitement of being your own investigator should read this book!  You won't be disappointed!!
This book was everything I hoped it would be and more. Very well developed and did not see the ending coming! Main character is well thought out and completely understandable to story line. I think her situation brings the reader in closer with multiple feelings and thoughts about her situation. Great read!!
I liked the way the book was laid out.  Each chapter was devoted solely to the thoughts and actions of one of the three main female characters.  I might have given it 5 stars, but the ending seemed a little weak compared to the rest of the book.  Also, it was an easy read.  Sometimes that's just what I need.
Have found it difficult to read because of circumstances in my life at the moment , but from when I first started this book I couldn't put it down. Excellent writing skills and a great plot. I actually looked for more books from her after I finished and unfortunately there weren't any. Really was a good book
It was so hard for me to enjoy reading this because I could not handle all of the excessive drinking/alcoholism by Rachel.  It was very redundant and I did not find her to be a likable character at any point in the book.  Overall, the book was just okay.  Nothing as amazing as all of the press it is getting.
Horrible ending. So many great reviews for a book that totally falls flat at the end. A waste of my money I could have gotten a better book, I chose this one because the plot seemed good but after I finished reading it I thought it was so stupid. Not a suspenseful book or a thriller it really is a soft book.
a good yarn that starts off with a sort of "who cares about this" writing, but builds slowly and increasingly as it goes, until the mystery is front and center, the who dun it, takes over and the finale is just and good for the reader.  a different kind of story telling, but well worth the quick read
I could not put this book down until I had finished it. Even then I did not want to set it down. I wanted it to keep going and going. This is now my favorite book, and Paula Hawkins has become one of my favorite Authors. I can't wait to see what she writes next. If you love suspense, this one is a must read!
I was expecting more based upon the reviews I had read.<br/><br/>The book was not a classic page turner. The suspense was OK but you really knew the outcome 60% into the book.<br/><br/>The main character was not a character you liked. You really had to get past her flaws to remain interested in the plot.
I was determined to finish this despite how utterly boring it became. Drinking, blackouts, multiple falls, blah, blah,blah. Same stuff repeated over and over.  This was just not very interesting to me and the ending was ordinary and expected. I kept waiting for the twists and turns but really never saw them.
If you liked GONE GIRL, you will like this book. The book is a quick read because of the author's style and wanting to know what happens next. Read carefully or you will miss details. The author may hint at something and then later go through an explanation as to what happened. Overall, a good suspense book.
I didn't think I was going to like this. It came across as having a whiny, "poor me" plot. But as I kept turning the pages, convinced the main character just needed to get a life, it kept unfolding, layer by layer. I soon found myself cringing for her choices but watching in awe to see what happened.
The book is engaging enough and I read it quickly. It reminded me of Rear Window at first, then it didn't. The reason for the two stars is because the characters are unlikeable. The main character becomes quite annoying after a time. As for the others, I couldn't find one to root for. I enjoy a book more when I can find at least one character to appreciate. The ending had an interesting twist, but without a character to hope for it just fell flat.
I was reluctant to start this book because I didn't want to finish it, so many people had loved it!  Once I did start, I couldn't put it down and finished it in two days. While reminiscent of Gone Girl, it stands on it's own completely. Even when you think you've figured it out, you haven't. Fantastic read!!
I won't disclose any plot twists or secrets, but I just devoured this in 48 hours while on vacation.  It is a well written, richly charactered book that deserves it's current place as #1.  I enjoyed it immensely. The ups and downs, highs and lows or Rachel and Amy are gripping and relatable.  Enjoy the book.
This book was hard to put down.  It is one of the best books that I have read in a long time.<br/><br/>Nothing is as simple as it seems in this story and as you read the layers peel back and more and more is revealed.<br/><br/>Looking forward to the movie version that I understand is under consideration.
The story twists and turns and takes place in varying time frames to show the set up from the perspective of a number of people involved. Like a spool of thread unwound and then being re-wound. What you see and think isn't always the true story. Weak women whose lives have unraveled find a way to overcome.
It was a good read, but I had trouble keeping up with the characters in the beginning. I kept on reading out of curiosity. I never suspected who the killer was. I didn't like how segmented the book was. It just didn't flow like the books I normally read.  I would recommend this book for Gillian Flynn fans.
The Girl in the Train kept my interest thru the whole story, it was hard for me to put the book down. The whole time that I am reading the story I was sure I knew who was the killer, what a surprise to get to the end and find out that I was totally wrong.<br/>Great story I will recommend it to my friends.
I thought Paula Hawkins did a great job with the characters. The writing was smooth and very realistic and kept me hooked (and I am not what you would call a voracious reader).  So, thanks Paula, for taking some chances with this type of writing style - I really enjoyed your story and the way you wrote it!
So surprised by this novel.  Heard so many things about this book and it lived up to the hype in every way, had it read in 5 days just couldn't put it down.  One of the best thrillers in a long time, and one of the better authors I have read in quite some time can't wait to see what she comes up with next.
Phew! What can I say except a great read, cover to cover. A "believable" story with complex characters. A fast read due to the suspense, not knowing what each page turn will reveal to the reader...and who will be telling the truth?!  A twisty ending. Good rainy day read that will keep you guessing!
This is a fast read, and an interesting plot.  Everyone is a suspect, and guessing who it might be is half the fun (I did not guess correctly).  The book has been compared to Gone Girl, but I found Gone Girl to have a bit more of a message to it.  Still, if you liked Gone Girl, you will probably like this.
This book deserves four stars because it is a well thought out mystery story which engages the reader at every turn . For major characters are presented in the story , each with both positive attributes as well as flaws. No one is as they seem. Great read as characters unfold and true natures are revealed.
Spoiler! This book is full of all of life's sinful traits....adultery, alcoholism, lies, betrayal, murder, wife beating, child neglect, etc. It is dark and at the end, I thought I'd just finished a really dumb book and wasted my time and money. Not recommended if you're looking for an awesome book to read.
I always go to reviews to get an idea if I would like the book, based on what others say. The synopsis sounded interesting and the reviews led me to believe I would like this book and I was not disappointed. Could not put this book down. I am an Agatha Christie fan and this mystery was just as captivating.
This was a book my toddler somehow purchased on my kindle. Honestly I thought it sounded a bit slow just a girl riding around on a train. But I figured since I now owned it I would give it a try. I was very pleasantly surprised it was a quick, easy read that kept me hooked almost right from the beginning.
I didn't find this book interesting at all and I only finished it because my book club has assigned it as our book of the month - I just thought it was boring, very predictable, with characters I could care less about. I consider this a complete waste of my time and 3 hours of my life I'll never get back.
Wow. This completely blew away my expectations. It gives Gone Girl a run for its money. The characters are nicely developed with a note of reservation that keeps one wanting to know more. I don't think you would be disappointed if you are seeking a twisted suspense novel with a uniquely realistic heroine.
It was great reading once my book club members told me that the book was written in first person for three different women. I thought one woman was having flashbacks into her past at first and I kept getting lost and confused. Once I got this straight, the story was interesting and I couldn't put it down.
I started this book yesterday on the recommendation of two friends and finished it today.  I don't usually care for plot-driven fiction, but I was sympathetic to the flawed narrator and I was just plain curiious.  What a romp!  This isn't a great book but it's certainly a great diversion for an afternoon.
Not that impressed! This book was on the top ten for  several weeks so I thought I would read it, I did not find it all that good, if I wanted to read about an alcoholic that was having blackouts I would go to AA. I feel that this book was exploiting a unfortunate situation of a person that had a problem.
I could not get into this book. Gave up.
Never met such dysfunctional characters!
A fantastic read.  Couldn't put it down!
very slow moving and depressing to boot.
Slow start. Ended ok. Pretty predictable
Worth a read kept guessing to who dunnit
Depressing, problems, problems, problems
Good easy read....didn't pick the ending
didn't care for it-too much back & forth
I've heard this book compared to "Gone Girl". I resisted reading it for so long because of that. It is much better in my view. I found the lead character, Rachel, to be very complex.  The ending was not what I expected at all.  I can't stand books that are predictable and this definitely was not.
It was an interesting read, but I am not a fan of novels narrated by alternating characters and alternating time periods.  Reading it on my Kindle, I have to highlight each chapter title to be able to go back and identify who and when I am dealing with. My book club was split on it between 3 and 5 stars.
I was excited to read this with all the hype it generated in the press. I have to admit that I was disappointed as I found most of it to be generally predictable. I don't think the comparisons to Gone Girl were accurate. Gillian Flynn's book had me on the edge of my seat; Girl on the Train...not so much.
Couldn't put this book down.  Loved it!  Very compelling story and very real characters.  Interesting angle of view as main character is eavesdropping on a couple she passes on the train every day and witnesses some key information that helps solve a murder.  Can't wait to see the movie.  Excellent book,
Very well written and thought provoking. It's one of those stories you can read again and always see something new.<br/><br/>For those who are sensitive to violence, there may be some scenes that are distressing, but I can't read anything involving graphic violence or rape, and this book was OK for me.
I probably would have preferred reading hard copy not on Kindle.  Until I was midway thru I really had to remind myself who was who.  In hard copy it would have been easier to flip back to check.  I have been able to get into other books much quicker - this was easy to put down and leisurely get back to.
Intense. Insightful. I could not but it down. Characters were well-defined, unpredictable and kept me on my toes with their unexpected actions and back stories. Who would have thought that such an ordnary woman telling about her daily train ride could evolve into such a provocative and suspenseful read!!
Anyone who has ever dealt with an alcoholic's  lies to justify  self-destructive behavior will recognize the main character, Rachael.  Found  the story  exciting, but sometimes hard to follow, due to the first-person  narration changing back and forth between characters frequently. Ending was a surprise.
I couldn't wait to read this book because I had heard so much about it.  However, I was very disappointed and thought it was a miserable book.  There was not a likable character in the whole mess.  The women were weak and the men cruel.  Don't waste your time with so many other wonderful books out there.
THIS BOOK WAS AWESOME!!!! It really kept me guessing and was really fun to read!! I loved the development of the characters and the twists and turns! The ending was a complete surprise, I screamed a few times!  I can't wait to read more books by Paula Hawkins if they are going to be as good as this one!!
Throughly enjoyed this book!  Each character was so well written and believable. Crazy twists and turns. Because of the date changes at the beginning of every chapter, I had to keep going back to the previous chapter to check the date...which is a pain in the neck on a kindle, but besides that, Loved it!
I don't know if I'm the only one who thought this but I knew what was really going on with who was cheating on whom very early in the story. It made the rest of the book seem a little tedious. It was a well written story however and I'm sure it'll make a great movie when they inevitably turn it into one.
This was suggested to me by 3 different magazines in 1 week.  So, I decided that I must read it.  It is fantastic.  The author uses such a unique  approach.  I felt like I was actually living this story!  I have been reading for a very long time, and this is the best book I have read in many, many years!
If you want excitement in a book, read this.  Excitement from the first page to the end. It is cleverly done. You must give your best attention to the titles of the chapters, the days, and the dates.  Each chapter is in first person and you must know who is speaking.  Enjoy.  It's been #1 for many weeks.
Engrossing story - definitely a page-turner after you get into it. I didn't particularly care for any of the characters but on the whole I enjoyed the book which, for me, is an unusual combination. The passing train-voyeurism is an interesting premise & proof that appearances can definitely be deceiving.
I was glued to this book and finished it over a single weekend. The heroine -- grieving, alcoholic, equipped with utterly terrible judgment -- was lovable, if not cringe-inducing, at every turn. And boy, does this story have twists and turns! A fun, engrossing read, great for a long weekend or the beach.
Our protagonist Rachel, recently seperated, drunken, jobless, fakes going to work everyday and rides the train past her old street. Each day, from the train she see's a couple that live on her old street that she daydreams about. She thinks she witnesses the girl's murder, and starts her own investigation.<br/><br/>This brings her into contact with her ex, her ex's new lady friend and their child. Also it brings her into contact with the guy she suspects carried out the murder. All is not so ... read on.<br/><br/>I ended up REALLY liking Rachel. Somewhat of a lush, she stumbles through the story trying to fathom her many alcohol induced blackouts until she arrives at a horrifying conclusion.<br/><br/>It took me a long time before I started suspecting the eventual bad person.<br/><br/>Well done Paula Hawkins.
A fun, summer read.  The alternating narrations kept it interesting, and it unfolds quickly into a page-turning mystery you cannot put down.  We read this for a book club and each of the women reported speeding through the book to see "who-done-it".  Fun to discuss at book club, and fun to read.
Though massively depressing to read at the beginning, the story starts to really build and the mystery is a good one.<br/><br/>The only thing I found difficult was the date hopping back and forth and between characters in an e-reader. Would have been easier to flip back and forth in a printed version.
I found the story line to be confusing and the jumps from character to character and from time frame to time frame didn't help.  I kept wondering how important the dates were and trying to keep up with it was frustrating.  In the end, I thought it was an okay suspenseful read but I would't recommend it.
Maybe it's just my age, or my cynicism, or both, but I suspected what happened in this book early on, before the story actually led me there. That's not to say the book ins't good, because it is. I just knew how this was going to play out the whole time so the plot twists weren't that interesting to me.
I really enjoyed this one.  Finished it in two days. Once I got going with it, I couldn't put it down.  The characters were interesting.  The main character is a bit infuriating at times and I appreciated the ending.  I could easily picture myself on the train and the houses. Definitely worth your time.
Couldn't put this book down until it was over . Wish it was longer . Wish it tied things up much more but very enticing . Was a small let down though at how blandly it ended. All that build up to ....., not very mych. Should've been more . But a good read. I'd recommend if you liked the book gone girl .
If you loved gone girl you will love this book.  The main character is actually pretty grating and I just couldn't identify with her motivation.  But without her there would be no compelling page turner of a story. A page turner with hope for redemption in the end -- what more could you ask for?
This storytelling style is very interesting. The storyline is mesmerizing; making this book hard to put down. I found myself engrossed in the story and unable to predict what would happen next. This "who done it" is slowly unwoven to reveal pieces of the complicated tale and finally the shocking climax.
I really couldn't get into this book. The story was interesting enough but not what I would call a true 'whodunnit'. I really couldn't get invested in any of the characters. It was sad but not in a heartbreaking make you feel emotion way just in a wet, rainy, damp and depressing way if that makes sense.
Story was hard to get into in the beginning - the central character's development was cumbersome to digest. Story picks up after a few chapters as mystery develops. The reader becomes intrigued with the reaction of the main characters to each other and the murder. Interesting characters with mega flaws.
This was the most pitiful thriller effort I have ever read. Waste of money. I have got this book as a gift. I got two copies in two different languages, and both versions were boring. I would not recommend this one to anyone. The characters are depressive, and the plot (if there is any) is predictable.
The characters were well developed to help the reader feel like you really knew them.  The ending was definitely not what I expected.  The last portion was very exciting but mid book had me frustrated.  There was really no action at the midpoint but I kept reading and was not disappointed with the end.
If you enjoy reading about emotionally unstable people, this is the book for you.  I don't recall ever reading a book where I didn't like any of the characters.  I only finished it to see if she would remember what happened during one of her drunken blackouts.  I hope the movie is better than the book.
I actually saw this book on a list of books that Stephen King recommend, so I was ready for good horror book. This wasn't it. I'm giving it 3star cause it was good, for the 1.99$  I paid for it. Ending was good, never saw that coming, but it's a shame that it took more half the book for it to get good.
If you are planning to read this book as a murder mystery or thriller, you have to be prepared to wade though some personal alcohol issues of the main character before you arrive at the intrigue.  The weaknesses of the main character enter into the story plot and so they are necessary, just unexpected.
Ms. Hawkins introduced a new, to me, genre of writing.  I'm sure she is not the first, but it did take a few pages to get myself acclimated.  Having said that, the story moved along in such a manner that it became a 'I cannot put this down until I finish,' type of story, mystery, thriller.  I loved it.
Good read, overall. Clues were revealed too slowly for me. Very slow read until the very end, then I couldn't put it down. Also, a little confusing going back and forth between characters, but liked getting their points of view. Would have liked to have gotten more of the male characters point of view.
This book,was just a downer, start to finish.  I lost any sympathy or empathy for the protagonist after a few chapters (and many relapses and bad decisions).  I could not identify with anyone and just lost interest in them.  That said, I DID finish it, after the second try but only because I bought it.
This is a fantastic book, full of suspense at every turn.  Just when you think you have it all figured out, BAM--a new twist.  Such strong character development. I felt sorry for each and every character at one time, and then despised the same character at another. A book you won't be able to put down!
I found The Girl on the Train to be engaging, interesting and occasionally surprising. It was a quick read and fantastic for travel; not the most complex book but it made two flights fly by. I imagine it would have been equally great as beach reading, if I had been so lucky as to be going to the beach.
I'm baffled as to why this book has so much traction! The premise is interesting but the characters are only marginally interesting, have nothing going for them and don't grow or change throughout the novel. It doesn't seem like much happens as the characters go about their pitiful lives. This is no Gone Girl!
Enjoyed the book because each character kept you thinking what role did they play in the development of the story. The notion it started as someone rode a train and  developed an imaginery life for for a couple she saw from the train's window which then became real was clever. A page turner to be sure.
I kept seeing this book at the top of the best sellers list but was hesitant to buy it.  A friend raved about it so I bought it.  When I really like a book I can finish it in a day.  This book took me weeks to read.  I didn't care for the way it was written .  It took weeks for me to finally finish it.
Rather depressing. None of the characters were particularly like able. There is an element of suspense and there were some opportunities for a more interesting, substantial story. However, the book just went on in a rather contrite manner. Long story short, don't get drunk and forget what you're doing.
This novel had me cringing and rolling my eyes. It was like watching a train wreck. Overall, I would recommend the novel to a friend, even if the ending was a bit rushed and contrived. I felt sorry for all the women, even if I felt that some of them deserved some of the bad stuff that happened to them.
Haven't read a book this engrossing in a long, long time!  Welcome, Paula Hawkins!  We have needed more writers like you!  This book grabs you from page 1 and unfolds in a way that keeps you coming back for more.  I woke up at 4:30am because I wanted to read what happened next. Now,that is a good book.
Initially, the book was hard to get into because of the date fluctuations, but once you get the hang of it, it's almost impossible to put down.  As a recovering alcoholic, I found myself revisiting the blackouts and shame of my years of drinking, her descriptions are exact and excruciating to remember.
It takes a few chapters for the intrigue to set in and it's not until the halfway point that this book becomes something you'd rather suffer the consequences of no-sleep rather than put down. I haven't read characters this sympathetic in years. I wish I could read it for the first time again and again.
Yes, this book is a page-turner.  But as far as the writing and story is concerned, it is mediocre.  The characters are tiresome and the story becomes more and more tedious as it goes on.  I can't recommend this book to anyone who appreciates good writing, complex characters, and skillful storytelling.
I like when it is difficult to figure out the ending of a thriller in advance, and this was the case here.  The writing is solid, and the characters are true to life.  You may get annoyed with them, but that's because they are effectively portrayed as annoying.  Look forward to this author's next book.
Great mystery with an interesting story line. Rachel appears to be an unusual character initially but then as the story develops<br/>one realises that she is a product of her life experiences.<br/>This book was chosen for our book club and everyone spoke positively about it and enjoyed the good read.
beginning of the book held my attention, but as it plodded along I started to lose interest......I felt sorry for the main character at first but ...... enough already, check into serious rehab and counseling and GET ON WITH YOUR LIFE!!!!! Very disappointed, can't believe  it made the best seller list.
I  like interesting characters with a good plot and this has both. Paula Hawkins' characterization is excellent and her plot is pretty neat. It didn't quite totally wrap up (the ginger-haired man) but it was one of those books that you didn't want to end anyway.  Definitely looking for her other books.
This book is about relationships and their complexities. There is Rachel, who is involved in a crime, but she does not remember how she is involved. There is Anna, who is married to Rachel's ex husband. There is Megan, who Rachel is connected to- all are involved in some way with the crime that ensues.
I'm a slow reader and but I captivated by the story so quickly, that I finished it in 5 days. The plot is thought out and writing actually evokes negative emotion against the protagonist. as i read, I kept thinking...this girl needs to stop drinking and her life on track so she can solve the mystery).
It must have been good , started on my flight from Munich to London and finished as we landed.  At times a bit .. Rough but overall was good. The end was given away a bit to early, but nice. Would recommend the read , it's worth the buy if you like multiple views of the same tale that wrap togethernes
The author's writing alternated so much that at first it was hard to understand who was the subject in a particular<br/>chapter.  It took awhile to adhere to the continuity.  Each chapter was about a different character.  Then toward<br/>the end it all came together, but it was frustrating at first.
Intriguing novel that builds with each chapter.  Told in first person narrative by each of the three main characters, this is a captivating read.  Sort of a who dunnit but you can't figure the ending =until you get there.  Interesting perspective of three distinct slightly damaged women.  A good read!
Many people have already reviewed this book, so I won't bother with a synopsis. This was one of the best books I've read this year. I really enjoyed the use of several different characters (each with a different perspective) to tell the story. It was very well written, and held my interest throughout.
The plot has an interesting premise and was I hopeful it would lead to a fulfilling story but it got bogged down with redundancy and unrealistic characters. There were some good twists and turns of events but it just didn't deliver for me in the end. Not a bad read, just not a great one in my opinion.
there were a few things that I felt were inconsistent in the characterizations of the people but it was a very good book that kept your interest.  It drags a little at the beginning but if you stick with it, it picks up.  the author seems to have nailed the addictive personality of the main character.
I was a little unsure about the book at first. It was just very slow in the beginning and I couldn't get into. But as look as you stick it out its worth the read. The ending will leave you haunted and throughout the whole book your second guessing every character and everything you know you just read.
I thought this novel started a little too slowly. It had great promise and was hard to put down once you struggled through the first hundred pages. I would read another book by this author. I understand that this is her first novel and think that with a little more editing she could be a great author.
Loved this book. It wasn't as "thrilling" as I expected it to be but I loved listening to the soothing accents and different characters via audio book. I listen to audio books when I drive and I kept making excuses to go places just to catch a bit more if the story, especially towards the end.
The girl on the train was very psychological in depth!!! Excellent example of the super serious problems alcohol can cause! Lots of suspense. Although I found the characters "crazy" - but there are probably many people out in the world that cause pain and havoc. I highly recommend this book!!!
What a book! I couldn't put it down. The author leads you on a roller coaster ride of twists and turns. You actually like all of the characters. I always judge a book by it's "suck me in" ability. This book sucked me in at chapter one and didn't let go until the very end. Read it! Read it now!
I really, really enjoyed this book. I could not put it down. I can't even say this book was predictable. I made an offhand guess that just happened to be true. The main character (Rachel) was a little hard to like, but started to come around to her at the end. Would recommend. In fact, I already have!
This book has a unique style of writing as it switches from one woman to another. It is a page turner that is not possible to put down. The story seems very plausible. I liked and pitied the main character,Rachel . I recommend this book if you enjoy mysteries and nearly perfect character development .
I don't normally rate books that I read but this one just really caught my attention and held it to the very end!  This book reminded me of 'Gone Girl' because I had to keep bookmarking and referring to past chapters to reconnect with the person narrating.  I will be reading more books by this author!
A good suspenseful book that picked up pace near the end. With the character names titled so much sometimes I had to go back to see which one I was reading about. And the dates and times where mentioned so much that I really didn't keep them in mind until the very end. Other than that the book was ok.
Suspenseful.  Loved the whole train idea, as I love trains, looking at the houses passing by, wondering about the families, making uo stories about their lives.. Engrossing mystery, filling story in from each womans perspective.  Would liked to have known what happened to scott and the red haired guy.
It was hard to have any sympathy for Rachel.  I kept wanting to tell her to "get over it already and put down the booze".  Highly predictable, but I did like the story line.  This book won't appeal to everyone, but it's worth a read for someone who likes books with an unusual style of writing.
I was immediately intrigued by this story because I knew there was more to the characters than what was originally presented to the reader. I was pleased to see that my predictions were wrong. I think readers will be satisfied with the ending.  I look forward to reading more stories from Paul Hawkins.
I almost gave up on this book.  The story seemed to be about nothing but a woman drunk who could not let go of her ex husband. The character was living out a series of fantasies of other people's lives.  Finally after more reading, the story held my interest.  I Bought the book after reading a review.
I haven't watched Netflix since I started reading this book. I wanted to keep reading to see what would happen next.  The depths that Rachael goes to was frustrating. I wanted her to get help, but she gets worse and deeper into trouble. I think this may be the only book by Paula Hawkins,  I want more.
Don't read this expecting award-winning or great literature, just read it for the story.  Yes, it's grim.  Yes, it's a little hard to follow.  Some of it is a little implaussible.  But, once started, it is hard to put this book down.  It really had me guessing.  It was a good mystery, I recommend it.
The two main characters in this book are really screwed up but that's okay because I can identify much better with flawed characters.  I also really enjoyed the first person writing style.  I had it figured out about two thirds of the way through but still couldn't put it down.  Very, very good read.
Not sure what all the hype is about. I don't usually do negative reviews, but this book reminded me of a bad Lifetime movie. I suppose it would interested readers who prefer murder mysteries, but I wasn't excited by the writing or the story. Off to write 3 positive reviews to make up for this one ; (
It is a gripping read! The narrative jumps back and forth, but it still maintains a logical progression. The characters are fully realized, complete with foibles and complexity. It is intelligently written and it's a shame Paula Hawkins hasn't more novels as she would become my go to thriller writer!
I recommend this story. I'm not usually into murder mysteries especially those that involve an ex-spouse so this was new and I must say unnerving. The story was well crafted and the alternating voices of the three women involved was novel. I don't usually like women authors but I sure liked this one.
When reading this book, I knew the characters were more than just neighbors but it was still shocking to read the last few pages. I. couldn't put the book down. I'd love to follow Rachel in another intriguing story. She was an interesting character and  blend of strength and weakness. But oh so real.
Dont know how this book got such rave reviews. I kept waiting for the part where she "saw this life altering event" from the train. It wasn't till the plot started to pan out that I had an ah ha moment. "THAT" was the big scene? This book dragged on and on. Don't waste your time or $$
While reading the book, I often became frustrated with the story. It wasn't until the end that I really appreciated the complexity of the characters and how their past impacted their present. More than a mystery, the story is a good example that perceptions are not always reality. Well worth reading!
This was a poorly written piece of trash. I cannot understand how it could be on the New York Times best seller list. The only possible explanation is that there are a lot of twisted disfunctional people out there who read books. Yikes
A psychological read that keeps you going from feeling sympathy for the characters to wanting to shake them. A trip into the minds of people with severe emotional problems directly related to events in their lives that left them damaged. A few twists thrown in to keep you from putting the book down.
I was intrigued by this story from the beginning and could not put it down. I finished it in less than 6 hours over the course of 2 days. The writing style gives 3 main characters a chance to tell their side of the same story which keeps you guessing until the end! Loves it. Definitely recommend it.
A very good novel that centered around the the 3 main characters who all developed interestingly. The hopelessness of Rachels drinking and loss of her job seemed to be written by someone with fist hand knowledge and certainly struck a chord with me. Great book a little slow at times but a good read.
I ordered this book after seeing increasing numbers of high ratings, plus the large number of readers. However, I'm not sure what all of the buzz is about. I found the plot predictable. Always good to read what's current in order to be part of current topics of conversation, but I was not impressed.
Not quite sure how I ended up reading this, I think I accidentally downloaded it after finishing (and enjoying) Gone Girl...<br/><br/>This starts out quite similar and has a bit of suspense and intrigue. However, it very quickly goes downhill and ends up being quite a boring and predictable story.
Though shallow and superficial, this popular novel provides a way to pass the time, as it did for us as we drove I 5 from San Diego to San Francisco last week. However, I much prefer to read or listen to a work that provokes the mind and touches the heart as did many other books I've read this year.
The book was written in such a way that you do not get into the book until the middle or two thirds of the book.  The main character was abused by her ex-husband and through this abuse she abused her body terrible through drinking.  Not a fun book to read.  I gave it a three because of how it ended.
Just not for me......I did not find any of the characters likeable at all......the only reason I kept reading was in hopes that it would get better. About 2/3 in, it became a bit more interesting, but still.......no real redeeming qualities in any of the characters.......for me, do not get the hype.
How can you love a book and hate a story at the same time?  This is one of those stories I'll we disturbed by for a long time.  It reminds me of illusions in my own life; along with the terrible and lonely process of finding what's real.  This book is magnificently crafted, and too horrible to love.
two stars for the writing Five stars for being the most boring book I have read for a long time.  The many chapters were repeated over and over, the details overwhelming in their "sameness" and it went on and on and on until the bitter end!!!!  Could have been written in four long chapters .
95% Awful. The constant drinking. The Peeping Tom qualities. The insinuating yourself into people's lives. How did she pay rent? Where did she go all day pretending she had a life? Why didn't her roommate kick her out long ago? The last 5% was amazing. Twists and turns. Irony of the corkscrew death.
When I began reading this story, I wasn't sure what to expect. But I couldn't stop reading. I wanted to get to the next part, and this really kept me reading.  The author's use of the first-person narrative was very effective. It really drew me in to want to "help."  I highly recommend this.
I was sucked in pretty quickly, both by the intriguing story line, and by the incredibly flawed characters. The story got a little darker than I thought, and there was a time I shouldn't have been reading in the middle of the night, but ultimately I liked the book. And I will recommend it to others.
All of the characters in this book are deeply flawed and on a convoluted path to tragedy.  The story is told from three points of view.  While none of the characters are particularly likeable, they definitely grab you by the throat and drag you along with them for a white knuckle rollercoaster ride.
I enjoyed this book immensely. It was well written and compelling. I wanted very much to see how it all turned out. I cared about the characters, and was surprised by the "reveal". The main character is severely flawed, but has a strength that I made me hopeful for her. She was well written.
Only a drunk character could be so boring and repetitive in her behavior. This reads like a children's detective story. I only continued to read to see if would have a redemptive ending, which brought the book's rating up to two stars. No comparison to the outstanding quality of "Gone Girl."
Had there never been a Gone Girl this would have been rated higher. I cannot know for sure when Ms. Hawkins began writing and plotting out this British edition of Adults Behaving Very Badly, but there are way too many comparisons for me to give it any higher that a 3Star--and that is being generous.
It's hard for me to imagine why this book is on the best seller list at all.  As for me, it really was a waste of time, especially I love reading books full of mystery and suspense with a lot of different characters and backgrounds.  The characters in "....Train" were weak and uninteresting.
At first I had trouble figuring out the chapters and who was talking and in what time frame.  As I read further it became clear but still confusing.  I really didn't like the sense of helplessness of one of the characters and her inability to change it.  I didn't find it was a pleasant book to read.
Three different points of views going at the same time made this book interesting to me.  A few twists and turns and somewhat predictable for a die-hard mystery reader.  I bought the audio-book.  3 different readers for each character, loved it, made it even better to listen to.  Highly recommended.
Just when you think you know what is happening in this book, you realize you are kidding yourself. Brilliant smoke screens send your mind one way while the truth lies in the opposite direction. My greatest hope is that I have a chance to read another book that chills me to the bone as this book did!
Loved this book from the first to last sentence - and I'm a literary snob. Great new voice; makes one appreciate the quiet desperation in the lives of the most unlikely, everyday folks. I especially appreciated the author's ability to change 'tone' from one character to the next. A very worthy read.
Amazing read. To have no clue what is going on in the beginning of the book; to going to such an elaborate story in the end. How does the author do it?!? Very creative. The ending was semi-predictable, however I did not guess correctly until about half way through the book. Not disappointing at all.
This book catches your attention from the get-go!  The suspense builds all the way to the end. While you are dealing with the personal problems of Rachel, you are side-tracked by the other characters in the book as the story builds.  Definitely keeps your attention trying to figure out what happens!
I am quite surprised at how well I enjoyed this story! I meandered through it and became surprisingly engrossed in the characters. Ms. Hawkins fleshes out the main character so well I felt disgusted and ashamed for her. I highly recommend this book. I am a picky reader and am glad I bought this one.
For a first novel, Paula Hawkins did a great job. The suspense of the story was great and it was well written. Some of it was a bit formulaic but it did take me a while to guess who the killer was which is unusual for me. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys fiction and mysteries.
I enjoyed the book a great deal because it was fast paced and had some good twists at the end. I did grow a bit weary with the main character and her continual pity party. It would have been nice if the author could have developed the character a little further. Overall an entertaining summer read.
Fast moving & hard to put down.  It's not my usual kind of story but I was mesmerized.  Rachel wound up being far stronger than she thought she was.  In the end she learned things about herself and those she loved that she could not see in her perpetual drunken state of mind.  She IS a good person.
Bought this because of its rank on the Book lists.  I hated it.  It was too convoluted and hard to follow.  Yes, I read the whole thing and I'm sorry I did.  This is the kind of book that gives me nightmares.  I don't recommend it unless you are a major Hitchcock fan or like scary movies.  I don't.
This book was described in the review I read as "If you loved Gone Girl, you must read this".............  I could not figure out where this book was going, to save my life.  And I absolutely do not skip ahead to cheat.  But it was certainly a surprise.  Holy cow. I pretty much devoured it.
It takes about 2 or 3 chapters to get into the book, but once you do, it keeps your attention. I didn't really like any of the characters a whole lot, but I wanted to know what had happened! There are enough twists and turns to keep you guessing until (almost) the end. A light, but enjoyable, read.
I enjoyed the book but I felt it was slow.  I was hoping for a real page-turner and I didn't find it. It was well written, and I found I could put it down and come back to it later without a lot of enthusiasm.  But I did finish it, and others who read this book may find it more exciting than I did.
I found  this book to be depressing, ominous, and ultimately compelling. It is worth plodding through the beginning to get  to the  corks crews  in the later chapters.<br/>The protagonist,  Rachel, is an  alcoholic who is  pathetic,  even disgusting, at times, but ultimately resilient,even heroic.
Confusing. Struggled to get through it.
Overrated the most simple book ever !!!
Very good read always kept you guessing
Just not my kind of novel.  Very soapy.
book had lack of purpose and meaning...
Hard to follow at first but a good read
LOVED THIS BOOK!  COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Hawkins writes addiction well as she is able to plunge us deep into over the edge thrill of a drunk buzz, straight into shame and despair. Combine that with fleshed out, unlikable, yet totally relatable characters with a dash of homicide and this is the perfect stay-up-way-to-late-to-finish novel.
I listened to this on a long trip and the travel felt much quicker than the real number of hours spent. It's a light, fun novel with some real surprises. I was guessing about the motivations of the different potential killers, and even whether a murder had occurred for part of the book. Well done.
Loved the book.  Each chapter is told from a different person's perspective so that's a little confusing in the beginning but as the story progressed, I got totally engrossed.  I was totally surprised by the ending but I can see some people out there will figure out the surprise sooner than I did.
sorry for this awful reveiw but to me the story was about 3 neurotic women. the first a neurotic alcoholic, the second-a neurotic nymphomaniac and the third was just neurotic.<br/><br/>Frankly it was a waste of my time but i had to read for a book club. One out of eight of us "liked" it.
Three women tell this story in first person narrative in alternate chapters culminating with the final chapters where all is revealed. Perhaps before that you will get a hint of whodunit but no matter what, you will be kept guessing and on the edge of your seat. Enjoy it. I hope there is a sequel.
This book started out very slow and I couldn't get a feel for where it was going. There didn't seem to be mystery. I was ready to give up when things got interesting. From that point on the book challenges you find out "who did it". I didn't guess correctly and was surprised by the ending.
This book was a recommend from my daughter<br/> It's strange I liked the book without liking any of the characters. The story was good and not predictable<br/> Therefore it kept your interest from beginning to end. Am not interested in reading this author again without a break. A dark storyline.
Read this in one sitting. Tried to go to sleep but had to pick it back up and finish. Now I'm not sure if I CAN sleep! Brilliant! The shifting points of view, the unreliable narrators, the overwhelming sense of dread ... A worthy successor to Gone Girl. Just read it. Any more detail will spoil it.
It took several tries to get into this book. I finally persevered and did not give up. It was a good read, not great, but definitely worth my time. This is not a typical book I enjoy. I prefer horror. I did not find this story very suspenseful.  It did keep my interest and I'm glad I finished it.
I'm surprised that this book keeps getting such good ratings.  It is hard to switch from person to person, especially when several of the people seem to be the same person.  Another problem is that the whole book is just conversation between the person telling the story and various other persons.
About a third to a half of the way in, I really couldn't put it down. I had to finish it and found myself reading when I had any extra time at all. The only thing keeping me from a 5, are some of the authors choices with her ending, it seemed really quick and short, thinking, "that's it?"
Interesting story... It's a bit slow at first, you keep wondering were is this story going. The pace picks up about Halfway through the book, then you're wondering when is the train wreck going to happen and with which character! Nothing in the beginning leads you to the stories final conclusion.
I thought this was a really enjoyable read. It was well written, interesting and the plot had a lot of twists and turns. The main character was kind of pathetic, frustrating and repulsive, but you rooted for her anyway. It was a fresh take on the traditional Whodunnit and well worth the purchase.
If you prefer to cheer on a sympathetic heroine, this book may not be for you.  The characters are so flawed, but the plot is so good, it kept me guessing most of the way through. It jumps back and forth in both time and characters.  If you liked Gone Girl, you'll probably enjoy this one as well.
Just when I was getting tired of reading about messed-up people suffering from self-inflicted wounds, this book reached out and grabbed me! It's of the same ilk as Gone Girl, but where I found Gone Girl implausible and insipid, The Girl on the Train had me spellbound. This is well worth the read.
I describe it as Dark, but it wasn't hopeless... it's the story of a person at her worst, discovering the worst in some of the other people in her life. I didn't find it completely predictable... It really held my attention, and I liked that all the characters were multi-dimensional. A good read!
This story kept my attention and it was very hard to put down - even when "nodding-off" in my chair. Full of intrigue, twists, descriptive images, and a read for anyone that enjoys these factors. Let it be your next kindle book! I will definitely be paying attention on my next train ride!
It didn't take me long to get into it, trying to identify the guilty party and if a crime actually had been committed. This tale was intriguing from start to finish and I hated it to end. The monologues and dialogues were fairly simple and straight forward but it didn't dilute the story's allure.
This was a book club selection and I don't usually read murder mysteries, so I may not be a fair judge.  The beginning was quite confusing, but the parts started to come together about 1/4 to 1/3 the way through.  My club liked the book, but agreed that none of the characters were likable people.
Complex relationships marked by secrecy and deception among 3 couples, result in destruction and sorrow for all. The author allows the individual stories to unfold from the perspective of the 3 women who all move from joy and contentment in their lives to anguish, disillusionment, and even death.
I read a lot of people think this book is great.  I thought it was interesting, and had a couple of quirky twists.  I have been a lot more intrigued by other similar books, with better plot lines.  There are some messed up characters in this story.  Not good, not bad, just really demented people.
Decent, but not worth all the fuss. It was an easy read about four entirely unlikeable people, which I guess is fine -- not all literary characters need to be your best friends -- but it was hard to care about anything that happened to them. Interesting enough plot; not interesting enough people.
This is a very well-written story; it sucks you in and you can't stop till you finish it. It twists and turns, making you think you know what's happening, and it isn't until the end that the human weaknesses and foibles of all the characters come into clear focus..excellent story, very well told.
This book made me neglect my husband, children, and all of life's duties for most of a day. It's cleverly written with great twists and turns that make you sickened by a character on one page, pitying them on the next, and rooting them on soon after. Great world to get lost in for a little while.
I was disappointed in this book, given all the hype about it.  None of the characters are likable, which makes a book more difficult to enjoy, and the development of the story is slow to start.  It was interesting enough to keep me reading but I have a hard time recommending this to someone else.
Sometimes this book was hard to push through because the main character was in a tough struggle with addition.  Solving the mystery kept me hooked and I wanted to know who did it and why.  It was an interesting read and one that kept me thinking about it long afterwards.... similar to Gone Girl.
This book was about characters with all kinds of flaws making all kinds of mistakes. The suspense was there but I can honestly say the only character I cared about was Rachel. I didn't even feel sorry for the victim. The story was interesting through to the end. I thought it was a good thriller.
The book starts off a little slow, and the main character is depressing, but as the drama unfolds you get sucked in and don't want to put it down. Some books that alternate the narrator can get confusing, but this one is not at all. The author does a great job of connecting their lives together.
Mind blowing!!! Not what in was expecting at all!!! So worth every penny I spent to read this book. I'm not going to give any spoilers but, I will say that if you try to figure it out you won't just let the story flow, and don't judge this book by the cover or you will miss out an amazing story!
I enjoyed this book but agree with some comments that the premise was truly fantastic but the suspense and the character development was not quite on point.  Will still make a great film, I will see it, and perhaps they can master the suspense in the story when Hollywood rewrites the screenplay.
This is a depressing, shallow story whose cast of characters no sane person would want to identify with. The book contained many long stretches where it simply marked time, particularly in Rachel's case. The sole positive aspect was that the story piqued the reader's curiosity about the outcome.
This story was so riviting. I could not put the book down. I have a friend who is an alcoholic and I passed it one to her.<br/>Frankly, when I drank I had black outs. This book scared me straight. No more heavy drinking for me!! Great story - never guessed the ending.I was sorry to have it end.
Great book, that's written to be easily read. The storyline sucks you in and you just can't seem to put it down. Each chapter is a persons point of view of what's going on, goes between 3 people. I love that I'm seeing each persons PoV on what's going on, could be what has kept me so enthralled.
Maybe my expectations were too high after seeing many good reviews, but I did not care for this book at all. I had to force myself to finish it. I didn't like any of the characters, and the story seemed ridiculous. I loved "Gone Girl" but wouldn't even begin to compare it with this book.
Very well constructed.  The characters are realistic; very accurate portrayal of alcoholism, of how people lie & use others, how loneliness adversely affects people.  A suspenseful plot with a twist at the end.  I didn't want to put it down & would wake up early in the morning to resume reading.
It was hard to identify or sympathize with the three women who narrated this story.  However, the story/mystery unfolded in a very interesting way and kept me glued to the pages.  There were twists and turns that were unexpected.  I can see this book being turned into the next blockbuster movie.
Was the author paid by the word? Very repetitious dialogue, . Interesting concept but not interestingly developed.<br/>Stock characters--drunk ex-wife, philandering husband, patient new wife, pathological third woman. Unfortunately<br/>modern English novels are all too full of such characters.
Two stars for plot originality. I didn't find it a page-turner, probably because all but one of the characters were so depressing. And the one upbeat character, the landlady, was too patient with the alcoholic amnesiac protagonist to be believable.<br/><br/>Not in the same league as Gone Girl.
I finished the book in a week, however, the phrase "quick read" would demean the quality of this novel, I think. The writing is wonderful, the story full of intrigue and mystery, and the characters well-developed -- the only reason it was a "quick read" was simply because I couldn't put it down.
I suspect this is one of those books that you either love or hate.  While I thought the author's writing was excellent, an entire story as seen through the eyes of a black out drunk just didn't do it for me.  It was depressing and seemed to drag on and on, from one drunken black out to the next.
Good...but not GREAT.  It took me a while to sort the characters, particularly the speakers, and I was not sympathetic with any of them.  The plot WAS compelling and it was definitely a page turner.  I am glad that I read it, but would not rave about it to my friends... only gently recommend it.
I loved the setting. I grew up with the train whistle as it blew through our small town in the early hours before dawn, so I nestled in while reading. I had to keep reading to the end. I felt myself understanding Rachel. The only downside was keeping up with the dates for each chapter/character.
Marvelous plot cleverly written.  Would only allow myself to read a couple chapters at a time to save the book.  Made "The Rear Window" movie look shallow.  Didn't guess the ending until almost the end and I usually guess early in a book.  Anybody who likes mysteries will love this book.
At first a little confusing about the mix of characters but eventually the story caught hold and I couldn't put it down. The intensity built and the pace quickened  finally relief came  it was masterfully written. Will not be a spoiler but the end was not what I expected but it was a perfect end
I listened to this book while I walked--7 miles later, still listening. I loved the pace of the story. I didn't like any of the characters and I wanted to shake a couple of them. I kept walking and then cleaning, LOL, because I had to know "who did it" which makes it a great read for me.
I could not put this book down and will pay for it tomorrow. The flawed character's in this book add greatly to it's rich story. Once I started I just had to know how it ended. This story is told from the perspective of three women and how tragic situations bring them in contact with each other.
Exhausting to read but worth every minute of it. Trying to keep the personalities of the 3 gals apart is difficult. Frequently, I found myself going back to the beginning of the chapter just to verify whom I was reading about. This is a real page-turner and the reader is kept on edge throughout.
I gave this book 3 stars because I wanted to know how it ended even though I figured it out. However, I did find myself skimming chapters quicker than normal to get through it. It's competed to "Gone Girl", which I agree with. I did like the 3 POVs. These 3 ladies have quite the issues!
I like mysteries, but I can usually guess the "killer" within the first couple chapters. The brilliance of this book is the narration of the majority of the book by an alcoholic. Therefore, you're always second guessing her assessments of the situation. A quick read. Thoroughly enjoyed.
A fast moving and suspenseful novel.Lovers of Gone Girl should definitely read this book. No dialogue slows down as the action weaves in and out building the characters. Don't start this book if you need to put it down  after a chapter or two.. You'll be pulled into this book for the long hall!
The concept of this book is clever but I found the writing pedestrian, the characters one-dimensional, and much of the story implausible. The author manages for the most part to maintain a suspenseful pace, but I was able to guess the mystery before its resolution. Overall a disappointing read.
Character disorders and dysfunctional people are so sad to read about any way . Yet this was made worse by jumping from one character to another some real and others imagined. Sad story sad ending sad truths. Author did a great job of expressive writing about a lot of difficult life situations.
This books was recommended to me and I'm so happy that I read it! If you're a fan of Gone Girl, then you will definitely add this book to your list of favorites. I did have a hard time with the dates going back and worth but it was a well developed story with a surprising twist! Will recommend!
WRITTEN IN  A FAST PACED STYLE AS IF THE AUTHOR WERE IN A HURRY TO TELL HIS STORY CAUSING THE READER TO ALSO  GET CAUGHT UP IN THE SPEED WANTING TO HURRY SO YOU CAN FIND OUT WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.... CHARACTERS  CAN EASILY GET MIXED UP IF YOU DON'T KEEP UP BUT NO WORRIES, YOU'LL WANT TO KEEP UP....
This book came recommended by a friend and its is not disappoint. I did not give it 5 stars for two reasons. One the character Rachael was very hard to like and annoyed me. Two some parts were a littler drawn out. However if you liked "Gone Girl" you are sure to like this book. Dark and twisty.
Just got it.  Can't put it down.  Absolutely amazing story.  Nothing smutty, not full of boring sex encounters, just perfect.  I am loving it needless to say.  This is suspense at its finest.  This author must be extraordinary.  I will buy anything she writes.  They should make a movie of this.
Not nearly as entertaining as Gone Girl. It moves too slowly, so much so that it is easy to put down and pick back up almost as an afterthought. It should have been edited to a shorter length. Too much repetition and attempted foreshortening that didn't really work very well. Very disappointing
This is a very good book.  It had my complete attention from the very beginning.  I did have a bit of trouble at first trying to get all the characters straight in my mind but it didn't take too long to sort them out.  After getting about 2/3 of the way through I literally couldn't put it down.
A  story but not literature - I can't understand why this book is so popular. The characters are rather two-dimensional and the lead character does not engage one's interest or sympathy. The ending is a surprise - possibly its main claim to being a thriller. But for a 2-hour movie - good stuff.
I was very disappointed right from the beginning of this book.Aside from being immature, it was long and dragged out with tales repeated throughout. The only reason I finished reading this, by skimming over most pages was to see if I was right on who the killer was. And sure enough I was right!
This is a roller coaster ride.  I went from disliking the main character because of her weaknesses to loving her for them.  I went from liking each character to disliking them and flip flopping my feelings between chapters.<br/><br/>If you liked Gone Girl, you will like The Girl on the Train.
This book was essentially told through the eyes of three women.  The women's lives become completely entwined.  The author is able to weave a very sophisticated and engrossing study of the characters in the book.  Through tout the book one will try to discern the true scenario that has evolved.
I enjoyed the way the story unfolded over the course of the book, picking up pace and suspense like a quickening train bolting through a tunnel. The author toyed with me and kept me guessing like a great mystery "whodunnit" should do. It made it all the more satisfying when I solved the puzzle.
The book was written with a different character narrating each chapter.  You really had to pay attention to who was talking in the specific chapters.  At the end, it was a total surprise to find out who the villain really was.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes to solve mysteries!
I had to read this over a two week period because of busyness and it was agony!! Pick a nice beach, or light a cozy fire and stock lots of wood. Kiss your kids & spouse and tell them you'll be back when the ride is over. If you have that luxury!! It's that engrossing. Thanks for the experience!
Interesting book that is definitely able to grab your inerest and hold you, but it gets a bit predictable by the end.  This is not the worst thing, but I just expected a bit more of a surprise or challenge after some of the other reviews I had read.  The main characters needed a bit more oomph.
Recently read Gone Girl and had this book recommended to me by a friend.  Thought provoking book about human nature which quickly caught my interest and was a fast read (2 days).  Although I did "figure it out" prior to the ending, I still found it to be a book which I would recommend.
I liked it, don't get me wrong. but I found it to be extremely predictable. the "twists" werer written all over the characters foreheads. It felt a little long also. all in all a good read. I finished in three days wich means I was drawn into it, but it could've been better or shorter.
This is a "Chick" book. I suggested to my husband not to read it. Discussing it with my hairdresser, she said that her book group did a lot of discussion of it. I don't usually read best sellers but in general I thought it was pretty good. 9 My wife's comments) I did not read the book.
Everyone seems to compare this book to Gone Girl.  Since I  hated Gone Girl - I did not plan on reading this book.  But since I was able to get it for 99 cents, I gave it a try.  It was very good.  I was surprised and pleased.  I don't see the comparison strongly - so I do recommend this book.
I very much enjoyed this book. The twists and turns will keep you guessing until the very end. However, it is definitely a dark and depressing psychological thriller. A good deal of the book is spent discussing the main character's dependence on alcohol, and how it has ruined most of her life.
This book was recommended to me by my daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was one of those books that you thought you had it figured out and then you would change your mind as another fact was divulged.  I found myself not wanting to put the book down so that I could find out who did it.
I found the story and alll the characters to be depressing.  Without quotation marks it can be difficult to know which character is speaking.  The chapter titles give you a clue but is inconsistent.  I expected to like the book after reading so much hype about it but I just didn't care for it.
I bought this book to read on a cross-country train trip.  What a great choice!  At first the characters were a little confusing, but soon everything fell into place.  I loved the twists and turns as the mystery unfolded.  I think anyone would enjoy this book whether or not you are on a train.
Girl on a Train grabbed me from the start and  was a pageturner. Being an indepth psychological thriller,<br/>the story was well crafted and spellbinding. There were many moments when I found myself on the edge of my seat. I will look forward to reading more works of this accomplished writer.
Enjoyable read, but storyline was semi-predictable and the story jumping from past to present was confusing at times. Didn't gobble this book up like GONE GIRL, but it was a read that kept you wanting to finish the story for the sake of knowing the ending. All in all, good read just not great.
Sure this book does an excellent job of portraying the internal psyche of people making horrible decisions in life and the consequences thereof. If that what you want to fill your mind and time with, then be me guest. I wish I had never cracked the cover. It will be my last book by this author
I enjoyed this book a lot.  I got into it right away, the author did a great job of detailing out the characters so I became invested in them very early on,  I couldn't put it down, I just wanted to know what everyone's next move was going to be.  Didn't love the way it ended but enjoyed it none the less!
Angst and more angst.  Gets fairly tedious and about half way into the book those that read mysteries will figure this one out.  Lots of hype and maybe that's why I expected so much more.  All of the characters were so over the top in their own misery that I really didn't care much who did it!!!!
It took a few chapters to really start getting into this book, especially since the protagonist isn't at all likable at first. Eventually I was so wrapped up in the character's and their miserable affairs that I couldn't stop reading. This book definitely gives "Gone Girl" a run for its money.
Overall, The Girl on the Train was a good read although we felt it took the author a long time to get to the twist. The main character, Rachel Watson was viewed as a depressed and desperate woman although she became the heroine of the story. Would like to have learned more about Tom and Scott.
I had heard about this book from several people and was intrigued by the premise of the story....it did not disappoint!  Constant little plot twists keep you wondering who did what to whom....I found it a little confusing at times with the changing of characters but overall a fascinating read.
This book was recommended to me so I thought I'd better read it. I really thought this is not my sort of read as it jumped from one character to another but it did grab me at the last couple of chapters although I had already worked out the plot. If you like light mysteries you might enjoy it.
I loved loved this book.  Hung on every word and could not stand it - I wanted to look at the end so badly.  But I did not.<br/>It kept me guessing almost to the very end.  The character development was wonderful.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and read this book.  No spoilers in this review.
I have not finished the book yet. It is one of those that you cannot put down. Very fast paced. Excellent story and characters. I am sure that a movie will be made out of this. Cannot believe that this is her first novel. I am sure we will hear more from her. I recommend this book to everyone.
The book was a little slow to start, and keeping up with the characters was difficult at first. Maybe this is one of the cons of reading this book on the kindle app; not being able to go back to a previous page as quickly. Overall the book was good. Finish the entire book to really enjoy it. A
I truly liked this novel. In some ways it was hard to remember which character story you were reading about. But the chapters were so involved with mystery that it was hard to put the book down. The ending was not predictable until you were almost finished reading. I highly recommend this book
The Girl on the Train is a thought-provoking novel about the power of memory and the danger of envy. The Author, Paula Hawkins, reveals remarkable understandings of the limits of human knowledge, and the degree to which memory and imagination can become confused. The Girl on the Train was published January 13, 2015 and launched at number one at The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 2015 on February 1, 2015. This addictive novel is non-stop and action-packed.<br/>The Girl on the Train is told through the alternating eyes of three main characters whose stories are upon a staggered timeline that overlaps each other's stories. The three characters are the luckless, obsessed Rachel; the charming, intricate Megan; and Anna, the new sweetheart of Rachel’s ex husband, Tom. Each character takes readers through their daily lives and conveys how one’s act or decision can affect another character on the novel.<br/>Rachel a lonely divorcee and alcoholic, takes the train to London every day, daydreaming about the few occupants in the homes she passes. She gets caught up in the disappearance of a woman who lived in one of the house she had been surreptitiously watching. Readers will fear, pity,<br/>sympathize and root for Rachel, though they will not always understand her or trust her.<br/>“Alcoholism is an addiction to the consumption of alcohol liquor or the mental illness and compulsive behavior resulting from alcohol dependency” (Google). There are many causes of developing this addiction. Like Rachel, it can be a way to cope with unpleasant emotions or circumstances. Alcohol addiction can also be from stress or a lack of sleep or nutrition. Before reading The Girl on the Train, I knew nothing about the life of an alcoholic or the struggles of having a mental disorder. Reading about Rachel’s life helped me have a better understanding of what alcoholism is like.<br/>Paula Hawkins's kept me on my toes and wanting more.  Just when readers think Hawkins is leading the novel one direction, Rachel, Anna, or Megan changes the game. The Girl on the Train is a book you will want to dispense into the hands of everyone around you. All so they can share the obsession and you can relive it.<br/>Work Cited<br/>"Google." Google. Web. 4 Nov. 2015.
First, I would like to point out that I've never taken the time to write a negative book review.  However, I feel compelled to speak up.  My advice: please don't waste your time.  I think "The Girl on the Train" tried to copy "Gone Girl" but it just didn't work.  First of all, the book went ON and ON about the main character Rachel Watson and her drinking problem.  TONS of pointless details. WHO CARES? Rachel's character was not even remotely likable.  She was lazy and rolled in self pity.  To be fair, ALL of the characters were miserable people- it wasn't just Rachel.  How can you write a book without ONE likable character? What's the point?  (I've asked several friends how they felt about the characters and got the same response that "they were all miserable people). In what universe is this book a best seller?<br/><br/>I could in theory live with the miserable characters and copycat theme (things did get a little more interesting after I had listened to about 75% of the book). HOWEVER, just as I was getting slightly interested in the characters and plot- there was a line in the book that was SO OFFENSIVE to me.  I can't remember the exact wording, but when Tom Watson was speaking to Rachael at the end of the book, he said something to the effect of "you're like one of those abused and neglected dogs that comes back after a beating with its tail wagging...". WTF??????<br/><br/>SERIOUSLY? That is a terrible thing to say and a horrible comparison.  What sane person would even think to say something like that?  People can defend themselves, people have free will and can make choices (example: Rachel Watson is a lazy drunk, Anna Watson is selfish, Meghan Hippwell is irresponsible, and Tom Watson is a sociopath).  Animals on the other hand, are defenseless. It was such a flippant remark.<br/><br/>I read and listen to a LOT of books.  I honestly can't remember EVER being "offended" by a book until now. So, congratulations Paula Hawkins (if an overwhelming feeling of repulsion is what you were going for....you succeeded).  Not that she will ever read this- but what would make me feel better is if she would donate part of her book sales to an animal charity.<br/><br/>In sum- I would recommend reading this book if you enjoy hearing the sound of nails on a chalkboard.
First off, I have to say that I got through this book faster than anything else I've read in the last 5-ish years. I was about to board a 10-hour flight and wanted something light and easy to read. While the level of difficulty was quite easy, emotionally this book takes you for a ride.<br/><br/>All of the female characters share the same characteristics: depressive, alcoholic (or having alcoholic tendencies) and unstable. All of the male characters have the same characteristics: ham-fisted, testy and prone to violence. There was not *nearly* enough personality or character separation to make this book anything more than a 3-star read. The writing was extremely trite at times and it made me feel that I, as someone who has written but never published, could have done a better job at parts. Not exactly how you want to feel when reading someone else's writing.<br/><br/>The pace of the book is fast and has quite a bit of tension, which is what makes it so hard to put down. I finished the book in about 3 sittings, which is rare for me as I generally have the attention span of a goldfish when it comes to literature.<br/><br/>I can't tell if I hate the writing or if I hate the characters. Hating the characters gives the writing some credence, so I can't completely discount the writing itself. The characters give you so much to hate, from their lies to their lack of commitment to their flippant nature. I don't think there is a single likable character in this novel. There are so many negative things about these characters that remind me about real people I know, so it's hard to get completely lost in a story that reminds you of experiences you've had yourself.<br/><br/>All in all, I have very mixed feelings about this book. I can't tell whether it's my own baggage I bring, whether it's the mediocre (yet somehow gripping) writing, or whether it's the characters. But 35,000+ reviewers can't be entirely wrong, so give it a shot and tell me what you think.
Hemingway once said that journalism is a great training ground for novelists.  He would seem to be right as far as Paula Hawkins the author of The Girl on the Train goes.Hawkins is a former journalist.  The Girl on the Train is Hawkins’ first novel, but she writes like someone completely in control of narrative and dialogue, someone who knows how to keep a firm grip on the reader’s tautly-drawn nerves, with each disturbing revelation.<br/><br/>The story is mostly told through the somewhat befuddled and often self-pitying point of view of Rachael, a recently divorced, quite unhappy young woman who is sliding headfirst down the slippery slope of serious alcoholism.  Because of her drinking problem, Rachael is uncertain of her own thoughts and frequently second-guesses her own observations. Her memories are often clouded and frightening.  Others, knowing of her increasingly serious bouts with alcohol also question her perceptions and memories.  Thus, when Rachael begins to suspect foul play regarding a young woman she repeatedly observes from her seat on a local commuter train, very little credence is given to her suspicions.<br/><br/>Things only get worse when Megan, the young woman Rachael has covertly watched and greatly envied, goes missing, presumably murdered, either by her husband or her lover.  Rachael tries hard to let go of her fantasies about the ideal life she thought Megan had lived and instead tries to come to grips with the realities of the murdered woman’s life.  Eager to redeem herself in the eyes of her disgusted friends and her former husband and his new wife, Rachael makes contact with Scott, Megan’s husband and number one murder suspect.  But because of her awkwardness and uncertainty, as well as the vagueness of her memories regarding the night of the murder, Rachael finds herself in a situation that puts her at odds with everyone, including the police, and potentially makes her a threat to the murderer, who might come looking for her next.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is intense and relentless. Reading it is a rather vertiginous experience since nothing is as it first appears, and the point of view keeps shifting.  Who is telling the truth?  Who can be trusted?  I mentioned Hemingway early in this review; I think Hitchcock also comes to mind because Girl on the Train would certainly make a satisfying thriller film, directed by the master, who would have chortled appreciatively over the characters, the headlong pacing, and the surprising, disturbing climax.
Obviously the author is ready for the movie version of this story.  As others have mentioned, there is no character development.  We don't understand the motivations for any of the characters to act the way they do, except for rather superficial ones:  Rachel became an alcoholic because she had fertility issues.  Megan is a serial cheater because of the deaths of a child and her brother.  Anna, well, I have no idea.  Scott, no idea there either.  It's mentioned that he's controlling in relationships, and he has a strained relationship with his mother, but the author gives no reasons for this. And what about the redheaded guy from the train? What purpose does he serve in this story?  What about the pile of clothes on the tracks?  Nothing is ever explained. This story is just a mess, and it gets worse as it creeps toward the ending, when the pace mercifully picks up. Spoiler alert:  stop reading here if you don't want to know about the ending...<br/><br/>The author finally begins to develop Tom's backstory towards the end of the book, but so much is left unanswered.  Was he gaslighting Rachel during their marriage, telling her about terrible things she did while drinking as in the golf club attack, or did that actually happen?  We are led to think that perhaps it was just Tom's story, but the author never clears it up.  And if he is gaslighting her, why?  What's the purpose? I guess it's just to have an excuse to leave her.  Also, the author says that neither Rachel nor Anna ever met Tom's parents nor the army buddies for different reasons. So we know that he's lying, but why?  The only conclusion the reader is left with is that he's just an evil guy who lies.  And the whole scene with Rachel attacking him with a corkscrew just begs to be the climactic scene of the film version.  I could only roll my eyes at how ridiculous it seemed.<br/><br/>Skip this book.  Wait for the movie.  Better yet, wait for the movie to come to Netflix.
I enjoyed this book, particularly when accompanied with the wonderful audiobook version on the commutes to and from work. Every major character is flawed in some way, but, unlike some other reviewers, the lack of likeability didn't play into it for me. I honestly felt bad for Rachel. She had so succumbed to her alcoholism and loneliness that is seemed like she was losing her grasp on what was real and what wasn't, what was in her control and what wasn't. She makes bad decisions but it is clearly out of a sense of desperation which made it much easier for me to feel something for her.<br/><br/>Anna, on the other hand, was roundly a terrible and mean person. Leave Rachel's weight alone, homewrecker!<br/><br/>*SPOILERS*<br/><br/>That said, I was disappointed in the ending. The book did a good job of leading you to question nearly everyone; however, when the truth was finally revealed, it all came in a rush and the altercation with the killer was a little unbelievable. So, she struggles to get away from this imposing person, takes a blow that renders her unconscious and unable to raise herself more than an elbow off the ground, then in the next moment she's shoving him off balance and kneeing him in the face? I don't think so. And then when the final confrontation happened, it was without any real fight. It was almost as if, in the rush to give Rachel her metaphorical power back, she decided to strip the murderer of the physical power she'd spent the last two sections of the book building up.<br/><br/>*END SPOILERS*<br/><br/>Overall, I did enjoy the book. I read it through to the end and apart from the feeling that the author forced the characters to fit an ending she had in mind long before, it was an enjoyable mystery that kept me guessing.
Do you ever think about the people around you?<br/><br/>Sometimes, when I'm out walking I make up stories about the people I see. I try to read their body language, to interpret what the little looks and pauses in their speech might mean. It's a more overt reading between the lines. I think everyone does it to some degree, especially on commutes where you're going to be seeing the same people every day. Most of us don't start to believe our fantasies, however. Most of us don't end up injecting ourselves into the other people's lives.<br/><br/>Rachel Watson, on the other hand, does just that.<br/><br/>Rachel's daily commute takes her past a certain house where she often sees the inhabitants out in the garden. She watches them, and the affection they show for one another. She makes up stories about what a wonderful life they must lead. All of her own wants and dreams are soon pinned on this ideal couple, until one day she sees the woman out with another man.<br/><br/>What on earth happened?<br/><br/>When the next day the woman goes missing, and Rachel can't remember just what she did the night before, the stage is set.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train has been touted as an answer to Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl. It's easy to see why the comparison exists. Both books play with time and perspective to further the mystery. Both books play, to some extent, with unreliable narration although I believe that Paula Hawkins did a much better job of it. Both books deal with missing people, and deeply flawed individuals. I believe that where The Girl on the Train succeeds is often where Gone Girl failed. The Girl on the Train was, ultimately, more believable if only because it dealt with less manipulation and more flawed 'normal' characters attempting to do what they believe to be the right thing.<br/><br/>The action starts from page one, as does the intrigue. If you can put the book down after hitting page 40 I'd be deeply surprised. The writing style reminded me a great deal of Patricia Highsmith, and I don't say that lightly. The book kept me guessing, turning back through the pages to double-check dates, rushing forward to get to the conclusion. Right up until the final page the action didn't stop. It was an electric, riveting, train crash of a book.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book to anyone looking to scratch that mystery itch. This is one of the good ones.
I wasn't sure I'd like this book because everyone compared it to Gone Girl, which I hated. But I really liked this book! A lot. My main complaint with Gone Girl was that all of the characters were so awful. I didn't connect with anyone. Right away I liked both Rachel and Megan.<br/><br/>Rachel is an alcoholic. She's very unhappy. Her marriage ended two years ago, and she still isn't over it. She calls her ex-husband all the time. I just felt bad for her. And I wanted her life to turn around. She is an observer. She watches the houses from the train window from her daily commute, and she makes up lives for the people she sees. A couple, whom she names "Jason" and "Jess", live a few houses down from her old house. And they seem to have the perfect life.<br/><br/>Megan, Rachel's "Jess", has failed as an art gallery owner. She's trying to figure out what to do with herself. She's very lonely as well. Her life isn't anything like the life Rachel has imagined for her.<br/><br/>The book is told in alternating chapters from Rachel's and Megan's points of view. Rachel's story starts a little before Megan goes missing. Megan's story begins about a year earlier. All days are broken into "morning" and "evening" segments based on the train schedule. I loved the multiple narrators, and I found the structure of the chapters to work very well for this story.<br/><br/>Once Megan goes missing, Rachel gets herself involved in the investigation. She was there on the night Megan disappeared, but she cannot remember anything because she blacked out from drinking. She's desperate to find out what happened, to her and to Megan that night. In her loneliness, she also just wants to make a connection and help Scott, Megan's husband.<br/><br/>I was sucked right into the story. I also needed to know what happened. This book had me guessing right up until the end. It was a terrific suspense story that was very well executed. I found myself routing for both Megan and Rachel. It was a very enjoyable read.<br/><br/>http://momsradius.blogspot.com/2015/09/book-review-girl-on-train.html
Rachel is the girl on the train who rides daily on the 8:04 from her flat into London to a job she no longer holds. For months she has been hiding the truth that she was fired from her job after getting drunk during a business lunch and insulting a client. Her life has spiraled into drunken despair after her marriage dissolved due to her alcohol abuse, exacerbated by her inability to conceive a baby, and her husband's infidelity. Her daily train journey takes her right through the back yard of the house on Blenheim Road where she used to live with her husband Tom, now his home with his new wife Anna and baby Evie. Rachel also watched from the train another apparently happy couple who live just down the street - she calls them Jason and Jess.<br/><br/>When Jess (whose real name is Megan) goes missing, Rachel inserts herself into the story by contacting Jason (whose real name is Scott) to tell him that she had seen Megan kissing another man in the backyard. She lied to Scott, telling him that she had met Megan several times at her gallery. The mystery of Megan's disappearance is told in chapters that alternate between first-person accounts of Rachel, Megan and Anna. At different points throughout the novel, you suspect almost every character of being the possible killer; though by the last 10-15% of the novel, "whodunit" becomes clear, and it's just a matter of tying up the loose ends and proving that person is the culprit.<br/><br/>The plot was entertaining and detailed enough, but none of the characters are particularly likable or appealing - they all have annoying character defects, and they're all liars. Rachel is a pathetic alcoholic, unable to pull herself out of her deep pool of self-pity. Even her flatmate, Cathy, whose "niceness is writ large", is an enabler who puts up with Rachel's out of control drunken behavior. By the end of the novel, when the killer was identified and dealt with, I was just glad it was over!
I wasn't sure what to expect from this book. The premise wasn't something that drew me, but the fact that so many of my friends recommended it made me curious.<br/><br/>Immediately I was struck by the similarities to Gillian Flynn's novels (mostly in the writing style and the use of mysterious and unreliable narrators). Not at all surprised to come here and see other reviewers are making the same comparisons.<br/><br/>The storytelling in the novel was tight; Hawkins tells the story at the right pace, in the right order, revealing different timelines in tandem in a way that unfolds the story wonderfully. I figured out the "twist" about halfway through, but only because of her use of misdirection on every character EXCEPT the killer. I wouldn't say it was predictable, though, and right up until the end I still thought things could shift another direction. Everything feels possible.<br/><br/>My one beef with this story was (and this is also keeping in tune with Flynn), that every character was unlikable, to the point of being grating. I love a good antagonist or antihero. I love divisive characters. But Rachel's tics and issues became tedious and grating by the end of the book. Megan was an interesting character who warranted further time and explanation because, I suspect, she'd have been incredibly more dynamic than her limited narrative allowed and perhaps more sympathetic as a result. Anna wasn't given enough page time to separate what appeared to be her sociopathic tendencies vs. her love for her child. And the men suffered from similar treatment. Like in any Flynn book, you walk away feeling as if there is no clear winner.<br/><br/>That said, this book kept me up all night reading, which is rare for me nowadays, so I can't say the challenges above had a significant impact on my enjoyment. The Girl on the Train is a tightly woven, excellently-paced thriller that I'd recommend to readers who love a great suspenseful read.
If you liked Gone Girl you’ll love this one, too. A young woman goes missing. Is she dead? You think you know who the bad guys and good guys are, but then you’re not so sure. The story is told through multiple characters’ viewpoints. The suspense is ratcheted to unbearable levels. You have to read the next chapter, then the next.<br/><br/>The primary narrator of the tale is Rachel, a self-deluding alcoholic divorcee. Although she was fired and is now jobless, she continues to ride the train into London every day so her flatmate/landlady won’t find out. Tom, her ex-husband, is now married to Anna, the beautiful blond estate agent who has given him the child Rachel couldn’t.<br/><br/>Rachel fantasizes over a lovely young couple she sees from the train every day, Scott and Bridget (although she has her own fantasy names for them). She wishes her life was perfect like theirs. They live very close to her old house, the same neighborhood as Tom and Anna. Bridget, in fact, used to babysit for Tom and Anna. But then Rachel sees something that shatters her illusions about the young couple. A tall dark stranger kisses Bridget, who then goes missing. Tension builds and builds.<br/><br/>As we hear from Tom and Anna and all the other characters, we find that all is not as it seems. The story is written with panache and acted superbly by the voice actors, especially the one playing Rachel. I devoured it. It’s great to be able to give five stars to a number one best-seller. Sometimes they actually deserve it.<br/><br/>I haven’t read any other reviews, but I imagine a few will complain that the ending is too convenient and predictable. It is that, but by that time you will just be so anxious to find out for sure who dunnit (and what happens once it’s revealed) that you won’t care.
I couldn't wait to pick up this book! I had a gift card to Barnes and Noble, and I couldn't pass up buying this one! I had heard so many good things and my aunt read it and loved it, so I needed to start it immediately. I've heard it compared to Gone Girl, and since I really enjoyed that book, I thought this one would be a good read as well.<br/><br/>One of the first things I noticed about this book is the unreliable narrators. A few of the main characters are so unreliable, but at the same time, I really enjoyed reading from their point of views. Rachel is one of those unreliable narrators, and while there were times I was absolutely annoyed by her, there were other times I felt so bad for her! Same with Maggie; a little unreliable, but really enjoyed seeing the story through her eyes.<br/><br/>I loved that the story was told from three women's perspectives. It was so interesting to watch the story unfold from these three women. They were each able to bring something different to the story and filled in a lot of gaps that would be there if told from one perspective only. I really didn't like Anna in the beginning of this book, but the more I heard from her, the more I liked her. And then at the very end of the book? Oh, loved her!<br/><br/>There's so much going on in this book. I was constantly trying to figure out what happened, who did what, and where the story was going. There was a time I thought I had it figured out, but then everything changed again. It wasn't until pretty close to the end that I figured it out. But even then, there were a few moments that I thought that something else was going to happen, but it didn't. I like that I wasn't able to figure out everything that had happened. This book just kept me hooked and I couldn't put it down. I truly had a fun time reading this book and I'm anxious to see what else Ms. Hawkins will write!<br/><br/>Pagesofcomfort.blogspot.com
I really liked this book.  I think the author did an excellent job of introducing the characters and using an alternate "character as narrator" chapter approach to develop both the characters and the story.  I didn't even mind the fact that the characters, by and large, are not really likable.  They each have flaws and weaknesses, as do most of us, which makes it even more of an interesting read - we've either known people like these characters, or we've experienced some of the same weaknesses and challenges they experience.  It was a little hard (but not too hard) at first to get the characters straight. There's Rachel, "The Girl on the Train" who's life is a mess. Her husband divorced her, but not until he was in the midst of an affair with Annie, his new wife, and now she's gained weight, become an alcoholic, and well, she's really a mess.  Each day, just for appearances, Rachel rides the train into London as if she is going to work. And each evening she rides the train home, after spending the day in London, usually drinking.  The train stops every day for a short time at the same point on the line, due to the nature of its schedule,  This point on the line happens to be where Rachel's ex-husband and his new wife live, and where Rachel and he used to live when they were married.  One day Rachel notices a couple in their back yard a few house down from her old house.  They seem to be young and in love, and she fantasizes about the wonderful life they must have.  They are Scott and Megan, who become more central to the plot as the book moves forward. One day Rachel sees 'Megan' (she doesn't know her real name yet) with another man, handsome, who kisses her.  Rachel is aghast.  Not long after, Megan is missing.  The police become involved and the story ramps up.  Soon after Megan's body is found.  She has been murdered.  As each character narrates a chapter you are given ample clues as to their possible motive for killing Megan - including Rachel. At this point you literally can't put down the book.  Needless to say, it moves to a harrowing climax where all is revealed - and in a very satisfactory way.  It's a great read, and I can see why so many positive reviews.  If you want a real page turner and "whodunit" to read, put this one on your list.
Rachel takes the same train into the city every morning and home every evening. Every day, the train stops at a signal and allows Rachel to gaze at the cozy suburban homes just beyond the tracks. There are two houses in particular that she watches for - her previous home (before her life went to pieces) and the home of a couple she calls "Jess and Jason", the perfect couple living the perfect life, similar to the one she lost. One day, when the train stops at the signal, Rachel catches a glimpse of Jess in her garden, kissing a man. A man that isn't her husband. When Jess goes missing only days later, Rachel can't help but get involved - she owes it to Jess, and it would be a grand distraction from her mess of a life. But Rachel soon uncovers truths she never would have thought possible. Truths that affect Rachel and everyone involved in the disappearance of Jess.<br/><br/>"The Girl on the Train" is told in alternating perspectives between three women: Rachel, Anna, and Megan. Almost everybody has played that game while people-watching where you make up stories about somebody and their lives, so right off the bat it's fairly easy to relate to Rachel, making up names and stories for this couple she sees every day, living their perfect lives in their perfect home. However, once we get to know more about Rachel, it becomes harder to relate to her. And a lot harder to actually like her. Let me just put it bluntly: she is a drunk. A massive drunk. She literally drinks every day and gets into a ton of trouble because of her drinking. She even blacks out and doesn't know what she did or said the next day. She makes a lot of dumb decisions that make me cringe. I didn't necessarily hate her, and I did feel a lot of pity for her, but wow, this woman is a mess. Reading about her life made me want to go get a drink.<br/><br/>Then there's Anna. Anna is married to Rachel's ex-husband, Tom. While Rachel was married to Tom, he was sleeping with Anna on the side. Eventually he decided that wasn't enough and married her. I wasn't a big fan of Anna, either. I thought she was kind of pretentious and pretty stupid. First of all, you have to have really low standards and morale to sleep with a married man. And then, when he leaves his wife and marries you, do you actually think he's a better man now? Do you really think he'd be faithful to you? Honestly, how could you be so stupid. If he cheated with you, he's going to cheat on you. That's just common sense. Anyway, Anna is horrible to Rachel (even though Rachel is slightly stalkerish) and is just kind of weird all-around.<br/><br/>Finally, we have Megan, AKA "Jess" in Rachel's mind - the woman with the perfect husband and perfect life. Obviously, that life isn't so perfect after all. I really liked Megan for awhile. I felt bad for her and I thought she was a good person despite her shortcomings. But then she just had to go and make really really really dumb decisions and brought a lot of pain and sorrow upon herself. However, she didn't deserve the things that happened to her. She didn't. Even thought Megan wasn't perfect, I still think she was my favorite character.<br/><br/>This book starts off slow - really slow - but picks up and soon it becomes hard to put down. I had quite a few assumptions of how the book would turn out, and fairly early on I pretty much solved the mystery, more or less. That didn't make it any less interesting, though. I thought it had a good plot and was an entertaining read. I enjoyed how much I detested the characters, just like when reading "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn. When you can read a book, hate the characters, and still enjoy the story, that tells you it's a pretty good book. It was beautifully written and very well done. I hear there are plans for a film adaptation, so I have that to look forward to.<br/><br/>Find this review and others on my book blog: theultimatebookgeek.wordpress.com
The Girl on the Train is a best-selling novel by British author Paula Hawkins. The novel debuted at number one on the The New York Times Fiction Best Sellers of 2015 list dated February 1, 2015. It was the first book recommended by a book group promoted by the ITV television programme, Loose Women. Coleen Nolan, the singer of  The Nolan Sisters fame suggested this book. I had not read anything by Paula Hawkins, but the title caught my interest.<br/><br/>Although Paula Hawkins was born in Harare, Zimbabwe, on 26 August, 1972, she now She was educated at Oxford University, Oxford, England and now lives in London. She worked as a journalist for many years before writing The Girl on the Train which is her first thriller, although it is her fifth novel. The earlier works are romantic fiction written under the pseudonym, Amy Silver. The Girl on the Train has sold more than 120,000 copies in hardback since January, and sales of ebooks and copies in other countries are at around 2m. The US market has taken to it especially – the book has been at the top of the New York Times bestseller list for 13 weeks, and the film rights have been bought by DreamWorks.<br/><br/>In The Girl on the Train, Rachel, the "girl" in the title is a divorced woman in her 30s who staggers along, unsteady and unsure. On her daily, morning commute, the train always stops at the same signal and Rachel starts to become obsessed with the couple whose garden backs on to the train tracks. They have, she believes, a perfect life. Rachel, herself, is being sucked under by alcoholism and the heartbreak of her failed marriage. However, she is shocked by something she sees in the couple's garden one day. Shortly afterwards, the woman goes missing and Rachel becomes entangled in their lives for real. This is complicated by the fact that she suffers from blackouts and memory loss, and is such a mess that neither the police nor the woman’s husband can trust what she says. The Girl on the Train is more than a straightforward crime thriller; at its heart are the threats, pressures and judgments made on women. These include, domestic violence to ageing and to how they approach motherhood. Although there is a murder and the victim is female, it does not feel like the gratuitous, sexualised murders of attractive young women that pile up in so much crime fiction.<br/>It is a beautifully crafted book. I enjoyed it far more than I thought I would, so, if you enjoy a good thriller, I highly recommend The Girl on the Train.
The Girl on The Train by British author Paula Hawkins, is a novel that debuted number one on the New York Times Fiction Best Sellers 2015.  It has been compared many times to the book, and subsequent movie, Gone Girl by American author Gillian Flynn.  Although I can see some similarities in theme of a darker, more twisted plot and context, I genuinely feel the similarities are like comparing apples and oranges.  Yes, they are both fruit, but they both have very different tastes, textures and looks.<br/><br/>The Girl on The Train is about a thirtysomething year old woman named Rachel who rides the commuter train daily to London.  During her ride, as she watches out the window, she always notices the back of a particular set of row houses at one of the stops along her way.  One of the homes belongs to her ex-husband, where she used to live with him before he left her for his current wife, Anna.  Another house a few doors down belong to a couple she doesn’t know, but whom she always sees outside on their back porch, and she takes an almost obsessive interest in them.  She creates names for them (she refers to them as Jess and Steve) and a complete backstory of what she believes their lives together must be like.<br/><br/>You definitely get a sense right away that Rachel is very lonely and deeply affected by the affair her ex-husband had on her with his current wife (who now lives in her old home with him and their new baby), but where things get even more intricate to the plot is that we learn early on that Rachel is an alcoholic and was actually fired from her job months prior to the opening of the story for being drunk at work.  She rides the train daily as a way to hide her job loss from her roommate.  One day Rachel sees something significant in regards to “Jess” as her train passes the row houses, and later when news reports reveal that “Jess”, who is really named Megan (her husband’s name is really Scott) has gone missing, Rachel emerges herself into the situation to try and help find her because she feels a real, rather inexplicable, connection with this woman.<br/><br/>The real interesting twists and turns in this story relate back to Rachel’s alcoholism.  A lot of things she sees or remembers, or doesn’t remember for that matter, have to be taken with a grain of salt because we don’t know what is real and what is actually inaccurate do to her being intoxicated the majority of the time.  There are a lot of holes in her memory due to black outs and that makes the whole unfolding of this plot, the twists and turns, and the mystery so intriguing.  At times, even aside from her intoxication, I found myself wondering if she was actually mentally ill.  You really want to pull for her because she is for all puroses the story’s heroine, and is the main character, but you just don’t know what is real and what isn’t.<br/><br/>There is also a lot of side plot in regards to her ex-husband, his new wife, and how that whole situation affected Rachel and ties into her current situation, and the situation with the missing woman, Megan.  The way Paula Hawkins tied all this together was pure brilliance.  Every other chapter of this “What happened?” and “Who may have done it?” kept me changing my mind constantly.  I never had a direct “I figured it out!” moment until the very end.<br/><br/>The only thing I can say that was a negative was in the beginning, until you really figure out who is who amongst the characters, it gets a little confusing because the author switches points of view each chapter (and the fact that Rachel makes up names for two of the characters in the beginning doesn’t help with the confusion of keeping things straight).  Also each chapter takes place on different dates.  So the dates jump from past to present and then back again throughout the book.  That was a little hard to keep straight for me at first, but once I got into the story, and all of the characters were sorted out in my mind, I was completely sucked in and couldn’t put it down.  I highly recommend this book and I give it 5 Stars!  It’s an easy read length wise, too, so it’s a perfect book to read on vacation or on lunch breaks.<br/><br/>The movie rights were already purchased by Dreamworks in 2014 and actress Emily Blunt is in talks to play the leading role of Rachel.  If people want to compare this book to Gone Girl then I can only say that with the success of that movie, I think this movie will do the same.  So definitely jump on it now before the movie comes out!  - Pauline
The Girl On The Train<br/>  By Paula Hawkins<br/><br/>Reviewed by Jay Gilbertson<br/><br/> "There is a pile of clothing on the side of the train tracks. Light-blue cloth--a shirt, perhaps--jumbled up with something dirty white."<br/><br/> What a clever first sentence, author Hawkins had me. She did. I found the setup not only intriguing, but very crafty in that the story is paced with just the right measure of tension with a dash of dread. The main character, Rachel, is honestly one of the most lost-soul-characters I have encountered since Dolores in `She's Come Undone.' This lady has hit bottom so hard you are amazed she can keep on keeping on.<br/><br/>  But this is only part of the story.<br/><br/> Hawkins had to make us care for Rachel and we do. Early on you will learn of her hard luck at work (fired) her divorce (drank too much) and why she now resides in a cramped bedroom rented to her by an old college friend who feels sorry for her. Yet she has this something, this oddly endearing spirit that keeps you rooting for her.<br/><br/>  And then there is the train.<br/><br/> In order to not freak out her flat-mate/landlady, every day Rachel heads off to `work' on the train to London. (Remember, she was fired) It passes by a curious row of Victorian houses and you soon learn that she used to live in one of them with Tom, her ex. Now she watches the residents from the train's window. She doesn't simply watch through the home's French doors or just observe the occupants as they roam their postage-stamp-sized gardens--she obsesses. Her Tom is still is there but has replaced Rachel with Anna and they now have a child, something Rachel could never give him.<br/><br/>  On one seemingly predictable morning, the girl on the train (Rachel) on her way to a job that no long exists, spies something strangely out of place. This, dear thriller-lover, is the arc of the story that will drive you on to read to the very last page. More importantly, how Rachel deals with this information and what it could mean are the things of a well-paced thriller.<br/><br/>  Then there is Megan, she lives five houses down from Tom and Anna and goes missing one day. Why in the world she simply vanished from what local newspapers tout as the perfect married life with her handsome husband Scott? As the tension mounts and the days she is gone begin to pile up, Rachel struggles to remember something she may or may not have seen. This key element gives her purpose, gives her her life back. A true who-done-it with all the twists and tons of turns.<br/><br/> "...I scream at him. "I'm not going away. I am going to make you pay for this. For the rest of your bloody life, you're going to be paying for this." ...He's coming toward me. He has something in his hand."<br/><br/>  One final quote to consider;<br/><br/>  "And I have to get up early tomorrow morning to catch the train."
See more at BusyBrunettesBookshelf.blogspot.com<br/><br/>  I know, I know- this book is all the rage right now and of course I would jump on the bandwagon and start singing its praises… You better believe it! Do not let the mainstream attention sway you away from this one; it is worth every random friend’s Facebook post you see.<br/><br/>  I was drawn to this book because of the idea of it being a suspenseful read (not because of the popularity, I swear). Ever since Gone Girl I have been searching to no avail for a heart-pounding thriller that left me guessing until the bitter end. This was definitely what I was looking for. The characters are dishonest, twisted, unreliable, and generally just hot messes. I loved that the main character, Rachel, started off by basically talking about how drunk she gets all the time and she sometimes can’t remember the things she does. From the very beginning I was often questioning what she was telling me and had a suspicion that things may not have been what they seemed. I love this quality from an author because that makes you even more curious about the plot and what is happening.<br/><br/>  I also enjoyed that this book was told from multiple points of view during present-day as well as from a year before. This was another fun twist that made me question how much I trusted a certain character when the other one was saying something totally opposite. The three women narrators all have their own issues and it is up to you to decide who to believe.<br/><br/>  I have heard a lot of people say they didn’t like it because all of the people in the story were completely horrible and you didn’t really like any single one of them. That didn’t make me like it either, it made me LOVE it. I absolutely loved that all of the characters were so jaded and it proved to be an excellent study of the human psyche and how different situations have the chance to just utterly screw you up.<br/><br/>  Overall, this was exactly what I wanted it to be- a fast thriller that kept me guessing until the very end. You will pick this up and not be able to put it down. You will ignore the dishes, laundry, and people until you figure out just what happens to the girl on the train. And you will hate-love every second of it.
Riding the train into work each day can be routine and boring.  Do you use the time to catch up on some work or to read some more pages from your novel?  Do you look out the window and daydream?  Rachel uses the time to catch glimpses of the lives going on in the houses that she passes.  She makes up what their lives are like.  She has a good imagination. But it turns out that they are not just any houses.  Each day her train has to come to a stop and wait before proceeding towards the next station.  She looks at the houses there and sees a loving couple that she has named Jess and Jason.  They are very much in love.  She watches as Jason brings Jess some tea in the morning as she sits on the patio in the sun.  She watches as they tenderly kiss.  And then she glances at the house a few doors down where she used to live with her husband.  He cheated on her.  Now he lives in the house that they decorated and purchased furniture for with his new wife and their little girl.  Rachel is an alcoholic and she behaves inappropriately or blacks out at inconvenient times but when she passes the houses one day in spring she notices that Jess is out on the patio but things are not what she expected to see.<br/><br/>What is Rachel going to do?  She can't believe what she has seen.  If only those times of darkness in her days could disappear and she could remember what she has seen.  But even those dark pieces in her days can't seem to make her stop drinking.  Would someone even believe a drunk?<br/><br/>This novel is dark and certainly a thriller.  I can see how it is being compared to Gone Girl and it definitely keeps you turning the pages.  I wouldn't be surprised if like Gone Girl, this too is made into a movie.  If you appreciate psychological thrillers, this one is for you.
Motive disintegrates beneath flaws in everyone's story about each other. I may have read hundreds of books between this one and the last I rated here, though that has to be some exaggeration too. I get put off by social media, as if thought were a train, and as if I wanted anyone to think I had somewhere to go. I'm as lost as the rest of us, and a lot less entertaining.<br/><br/>This book popped up because it was on someone else's list to whom I've been algorithmically connected in ways someone more clever than me controls. Some team of people. It has always been the equivalent of being outdoors, naked, to say something, which must be why I flip binary between silent and weird. How should one dress in the social network scene?<br/><br/>But we do make up stories about ourselves and about others, and they exist at the same distance that we each exist from ourselves, which is passing distance through a train window if it pauses enough to obey a broken signal. That's the conceit of this book, and it seems right on.<br/><br/>It's almost a detective story, teasing a truth that never comes, sort of, but satisfying enough to call it an end and get some sleep, finally, without having to ponder any more than you already have while reading. Nice!<br/><br/>There are multiple first persons, and you might be one or several of them, except that they are women and I am but a man who mostly deserves the motives imputed, guilty or no. Clueless.<br/><br/>And one whose story is passing into someone else's, because the pieces of it lose coherence beneath memory rotted by age and drink and loss of motive, because someone else imposed theirs on me, is it? Too much self is itself a crime.<br/><br/>All that is left are fragments, Tying them together is hard work for a reader, and the author's job is to make it worth the while.<br/><br/>Nice work! Thank you!
This novel is entertaining and easy to read. The plot, pacing, alternating perspectives, and questionable reliability of each of the three narrators are well done, though I don't think the writing style (at the sentence level) is particularly impressive. I read this novel between two much denser, more complex novels, and I think that The Girl on the Train was a nice break, but I do also like to read the kind of prose that you have to linger over, sometimes re-read, and marvel at the author's use of language. There's really none of that in Hawkins' novel, but the mystery definitely kept me interested, and I was intrigued (for different reasons) by each of the three narrators. I found myself compelled by what each narrator chose to reveal and what she chose to conceal (even though most everything is revealed in some form by the novel's end). The Girl on the Train has an attention-grabbing premise and keeps the reader's attention until the novel's close.<br/><br/>So much has been made of this novel's similarity to Gone Girl that I want to spend a few minutes commenting on that. The two novels do have some things in common. First, the novels are both crime mysteries about women who have apparently disappeared. Second, both Flynn and Hawkins employ some sort of alternating narrative perspective. In Gone Girl, we had the back and forth between Amy's and Nick's perspectives, which was a great strategy for that novel and helped to emphasize the ideas Flynn wanted to explore about marriage and how the partners in a marriage can change over time and as a result of circumstances, how they can seek to destroy each other, and how they can be as close as two people can be physically without ever truly knowing or understanding one another. This marriage theme is carried over to Hawkins' novel, as well, but none of the narrators are the husbands. Hawkins chooses to have three different women narrate, and the reader doesn't really understand why these characters have been chosen to do so until very late in the novel, when their connection is finally revealed. Third, both Flynn and Hawkins do not shy away from exposing their characters' flaws and unreliability. This can be frustrating for some readers, but I personally find it more interesting. I don't think Hawkins goes as far with any of her characters as Flynn does with Amy, but the women in The Girl on the Train all have their issues. Rachel, who is the title character and who tells the majority of the story, is an alcoholic with lots of emotional and psychological baggage from her failed marriage, among other things. While Rachel is a sympathetic character, I continually would ask myself why she was making certain decisions and taking certain actions that seemed like obviously bad calls. In this way, Hawkins does challenge the reader to experience the frustration that pervades Rachel's everyday life; Hawkins gets that across to the reader very clearly through the repetition of Rachel's self-destructive decisions. Megan, the woman who goes missing, has a sordid past and is restless in relationships. Anna, who is now married to Rachel's ex-husband, is probably the most disturbing of the three characters, in my opinion, but I don't want to reveal too much about her here. I enjoyed both novels, but I found Gone Girl to be more impactful. It left me with more to think about, and although I think both Flynn and Hawkins have something to say about women's complex roles in modern relationships, I feel like Flynn is doing something more interesting and her work is darker and  more disturbing, which I think somehow gets the point across more strongly. Again, though, I enjoyed Hawkins novel for its entertainment value, the suspense and mystery, and the novel's structure and narration style. I think what Hawkins novel does that goes beyond what we see in Gone Girl is The Girl on the Train is more interested in the voyeuristic tendencies of the modern world. I think Hawkins' novel can be read as a thought-provoking meditation on the ways in which the 24-hour news/media cycle and the world of social media and other technological advancements have changed human relationships while both distancing us more from others and making us feel like we know others better than we actually do.
I really really liked this book. After taking 2.5 months to get through Gone Girl, I was hesitant to read another book that people were making comparisons to, in The Girl on the Train. However, once I got into this book I finished it within a few days. It was that readable. That's what I'll say the most about it - it was readable. I loved the quick pace. I loved the interchanging point of views. I loved that I had no idea what was going on. (I'm horrible at mysteries, but I always at least try to figure it out). Honestly, I read half the book in one day. If I had the time, I would have read it all in one day. It's not hard. It's an easy, gripping read. That's why I'm giving it 4 stars.<br/><br/>I'd be very close to giving it five stars, and was tempted. I'd gladly read this book again. However, the one thing holding me back is the lack of sympathy for the characters. The story is the 5 star quality here. I'd read stuff like this every day that keeps me reading-reading-reading non-stop! But the characters in The Girl on the Train aren't 5 star characters. I felt badly for Rachel, but only as badly as you can feel for someone who brings it on herself for all I can see. Not everything of course is her fault, but her lack of responsibility for her decisions is pretty staggering. I've known people who teeter on alcohol abuse, but she was a unique case. At least I guess we should be thankful as readers that her antics only took her back and forth on a train and not in a car, right? That aside, no person in this book seemed to make good decisions or have very good morals, except perhaps roommate Cathy. She was the balance of a normal, clear-headed human being, but she wasn't a main enough character to tip the scales. The rest of them (Megan, Anna, Tom, Scott, Rachel, etc) - not very admirable. Sometimes I will hate a book because I don't like the characters. In this one, the story and pace pushed me to really liking the book. But if it had 5 star characters - then wow!
The Girl on the Train is by Paula Hawkins.  It is a dark book and one that makes you question your own sanity at times.  It is told from Rachel’s point of view, from Megan’s, and from Anna’s.  The three women are drawn together because of something bigger than themselves.<br/>Rachel has a drinking problem.  She started drinking when she could not get pregnant.  She would drink so much that Tom stopped taking her anywhere.  Eventually, her drinking caused her to lose her job and her husband.  Tom became embarrassed with her actions and turned to another lady for comfort.  She became pregnant and Tom divorced Rachel for Anna.  Rachel continues drinking and in a drunken state, comes to “her” house which she had shared with Tom, and takes the baby outside.  What she intended to do with the baby is not known; but it scares Anna and she wants to call the police.  Tom doesn’t want the publicity so they don’t call.  Rachel continues to call Tom telling him she still loves him and wants him back.  Anna becomes afraid of her.<br/>Rather than tell her landlady that she has lost her job, Rachel continues to take the train into town every day and back home at night.  The train goes right by her old home and through the window, she manages to keep track of Tom.  She sees another young couple who lived just down the street.  She names the Jess and Jason and sees them as a golden couple.  That is until she sees Jess kissing someone other than Jason.  Then Jess (Megan) disappears and her husband Scott (Jason) is suspected of her murder.  Rachel comes forth with what she has seen but her accounts are discounted because she had been drinking at the time.  Does what she say make sense?  Is she right?<br/>There are many twists in the story which keep you reading.  However, it is a dark novel and I didn’t particularly like it.
The Girl on the Train is the first thriller novel for former Journalist Paula Hawkins.  Well-written, and chilling, this novel is told through the eyes of Rachael, Megan, and Anna.<br/><br/>Rachael is devastated after being dumped by her husband, Tom, but knows it's all her fault because during her marriage, she evolved into a violent, abusive alcoholic.  Single and renting a room from a friend, she rides the same train to and from town every day.  Each day, the train stops at signal for a few moments, and it allows her to watch a couple on their deck.  She feels like she knows this couple after a while, and even names them.  One day she sees something that isn't right, and then the woman ends up missing.  As Rachael tries to help, and talks to the police, it seems she messes things up even more, especially since the couple lives only four houses up from her former home where Anna, Tom's new wife, now lives with him.  Rachael oversteps her bounds, which puts her and the others in eminent danger.  Rachael was drunk on the night that Megan disappeared, and has a complete blackout of all memory, except for a few repressed images that she tries to bring out so she can piece together what actually happened.  It may very well be that she is responsible for the disappearance and probable death of Megan.  Tom is being harassed by late-night phone calls and Anna is furious because Rachael won't leave them alone.<br/><br/>From the start of the novel, the reader will be on edge, trying to put together pieces of the story to explain Rachael's inappropriate behaviors having to do with her ex-husband, his new wife, and the neighbors.  There are twists and turns throughout, and an underlying suspense that is palpable.  Hawkins is able to present her characters in such a way that they seem real.  As Rachael continues to drink, pass out, and have blackouts, readers will feel the frustration of someone who has no control over a loved one they care about.<br/><br/>Hawkins certainly has a talent for storytelling; the story takes place near London, and the reader definitely gets a feel for the English culture, and also what people are capable of doing to fulfill selfish desires.  The end is a surprise, of course, as it should be in any good thriller, and once finished, readers will have no doubt as to why the book is a #1 New York Times Bestseller.  This book is recommended; it is unique, fascinating, and definitely an edge-of-the-seat read.<br/><br/>This book was purchased with personal funds and no promotion of the book was solicited by the author or publisher.
Paula Hawkins melancholy tell of what happens to the survivor’s of murder victims as they go on living in the aftermath of loss, with their own pathologies and pathos, shines as a hypnotic and nimble new comer in a genre burdened down with rigid rehashing of the procedural tropes in many mystery thrillers.<br/><br/>The story starts with Rachel piecing her life back together after being fired from her job. She is living with her flat mate Cathy, pretending to still be employed by riding the train into town each day, and generally snooping in the lives of her neighbors, imagining their specifics and superimposing her wishes on couples in her local park.<br/><br/>She’s a lonely, self-loathing alcoholic, approaching the hill’s bend who may or may not have murdered a familiar woman in a blackout fit of rage. She keeps reaching into the missing spaces in her memories for those lost hours in hopes of discovering just what happened to the pretty blonde reported by the local press as missing.<br/><br/>Along the way Rachel makes more than her fair share of missteps like attracting police attention toward her as a potential suspect when she really meant to aid the investigation, to identifying the wrong man as the murderer, causing his life undue pain, and even becoming friends with the victim’s husband, which blows up in her face when he confronts her about her lies.<br/><br/>The characterizations are spot on. Thirty-somethings, self-involved and reflecting on their experiences to find meaning in their identities and daily lives. Enter Rachel the character with the story’s biggest narrative perspective, filled with angst and despairing after being fired for an alcohol fueled emotional breakdown at work. She looks for meaning in the lives of others and hopes to find someone to love her chubby body and crows feet ridden face.<br/><br/>Meagan, the hot blond that everyman wants and every woman wants to be, is in similar shape. Her beauty is better, but her loneliness and longing are equally as strong as Rachel’s. The beautiful thing about Hawkins writing is she portrays these ladies desperate situations with striking visceral-ness. Their thoughts, feelings and perspective lunge from the page and right into your mind as the pieces of a real experience, though virtually distributed through the medium of the novel. In short these ladies breathe and live on and off the page.<br/><br/>I would find myself feeling like, “Poor pretty Meagan—so sad.” not knowing that I’d feel less connection to her after I learned what she’d done to motivate her potential murderer.<br/><br/>The roles were reversed for Rachel the books protagonist. I thought her quite unappealing at first when I thought she was a depressed and aging alcoholic. But when I discovered that she had several psychological pathologies, I loved her the way I love traffic pile-ups across the median.<br/><br/>Memories and how they fade over time is the biggest thematic concept discussed in the pages of The Girl On The Train. From Rachel’s pure blackout, to Meagan’s more nuanced memories of darker days locked within the vault of her lonely feelings we get a cobbled together view of the past life events that motivate the characters’ current actions.<br/><br/>Rachel’s cognition issues come from her drunken blackouts that leave holes in her memories. Meagan and Scott, her husband are both driven by faulty memories, either romanticized through distance from the events that inspired them, or due to constant rehearsal that glosses over the truest features from the past, respectively.<br/><br/>Loss and how we as people deal with it plays huge in the themes category as well. Rachel as the barren mother turned alcoholic tries to fill the void in her life by helping Scott find his missing piece—just who murdered his wife. But she had in turn lost her dream of being a mother when it was discovered her womb was barren. Scott lost his wife Meagan to the hands of an illusive murderer. Meagan, before dying had lost her way in life due to the deaths of two key people from her past and her resulting disillusionment that sees her seeking to fill that void by cheating on her husband to prove to herself that she is desirable/lovable to men.<br/><br/>Rachel’s pathological lying and constant meddling are attributes I loath to see in people I know, but on a character as nuanced and just plain crazy as Rachel, they are the life and breath of this narrative, which plays in the—what-about-the-people-who-knew-the-victim, realm.<br/><br/>And that is the fresh air that Hawkins brings to the genre. Every detective mystery I’ve read or even watched in movie theaters shows the detective’s perspective, or the victims—you know through flash backs. This one discusses what happens to those waiting to hear that the police have captured the slayer of their wife, neighbor, or the girl the protagonist obsessed over as they road the train to town.<br/><br/>Rachel, as an OCD nightmare stalker/private investigator sizzles as an unexpected suspense novel star who is an unreliable narrator and gets as close as law enforcement would to solving the murder when using their tactics.<br/><br/>The author mingles a bit of the lead character’s own paranoia and pathological nosiness into her sincere attempts at exposing the murderer—thereby exonerating herself from the memory gap she has of the night in question. How emotive, cerebral and delicate this thriller truly is.<br/>From wondering if Rachel is the blackout killer, to the red herring of Dr. Adbic as the wanted murder, and then back to wondering if Rachel has actually killed Meagan again, I totally bought the slight of hand that author, Hawkins does right before my very eyes.<br/><br/>A novelist as skilled at misdirection as she, would definitely make a great up-close street magician. And that’s what the first half of this novel plays out as. A card trick of a tome that kept me wondering who-done-it, while all road lead to the sketchy protagonist in the genre specific trope of the detective did it, but doesn’t remember—this time the detective is a blackout drunk with self esteem issues and a histrionics complex to boot.<br/><br/>Read this dazzling New York Times Best Seller and recommend it to all your friends.
The story begins with thirty-something old Rachel commuting her way from a London suburb into town, via train. While on her train commutes Rachel likes to look outside the window and give factitious lives to those whom she sees. A couple in particular stand out, this couple lives down the street from Rachel's previous home, but due to them not moving in until after she moved she does not know the couple. She decided to name the female Jess and the male Jason.<br/><br/>Rachel is an alcoholic and has split from her husband, Tom. Even though Tom still occupies the home they previously shared together, now living with his new wife Anna and baby daughter, Rachel still clings on to her feelings for Tom. Later in the story it is revealed that Tom actually had an affair with Anna whilst still being married to Rachel. It is also revealed that one of the reasons for which Rachel began drinking was due to the fact that Tom wanted to have a child, but after many failed attempts Rachel fails to get pregnant. After they split up Rachel moves in with an old friend, Cathy.<br/><br/>One afternoon while coming back from work Rachel decides to go see Tom at his home, while drunken. The next day Rachel wakes up in her home not being able to recall anything from the previous night except for that she fell or something as she has injuries to prove so. That day while on her way home Rachel notices that Jess is not outside drinking coffee as she usually does during the mornings. Later, Rachel sees a news article with a picture of Jess stating that she has been missing and that her real name is actually Megan. Rachel notices that the date of Megan's disappearance and Rachel's visit to Tom coincide, making her wonder whether or not she might have seen something while she was drunk.<br/><br/>The story also being told from Megan's point of view, gives more details of her life. One of the many things she talks about has to do with her history of being unfaithful to her husband, whose real name is revealed to be Scott. Scott, now overzealous due to Megan's affair, is very paranoid about who she does things with and what. To reassure her husband Megan begins to see a therapist, Kamal, with whom she later also has an affair with.<br/><br/>On the days before Megan's disappearance, Rachel spots Kamal kissing Megan, while Scott wasn't home. As soon as Rachel learns about Megan's disappearance she decides to finally meet Scott in person, she meets him and when he asks her who she was she tells him she knew Megan, but she really did not. Rachel tells Scott about what she saw with Kamal and Megan, immediately thinking of Kamal as a suspect. Afterwards, Scott tells the police what Rachel told him, but due to previous altercations between Anna and her they do not believe her.<br/><br/>Rachel feeling guilty about Megan's disappearance decides to look into what had happened on that night while she was drunk and how she happened to end up injured. She decides to ask Tom, but he tells her she was awfully drunk and must have tripped or something. Not believing him she decides not to give up, and starts to sober up and stop drinking.<br/><br/>Megan's body is later found in a nearby wooded area, the autopsy performed on her body revealing that she was pregnant. Rachel starts to figure out that many of the things that Tom has told her are lies, deciding not to keep quiet she tells Anna. Anna already suspicious of her husband after finding Megan's phone in his gym bag, lets Rachel talk, but doesn't necessarily believe her. Confronting Tom, it is revealed that he had had an affair with Megan and that when she told him the news, he didn't want Anna to find out, taking care of the situation. Tom now holds Rachel in his home, not wanting to let her go, knowing that if she leaves he will be arrested. Later, Tom confesses to hitting Rachel after she drunkenly saw Megan in his car. He states that Megan coaxed him into taking responsibility of their child or she would end up telling Anna about their affair. Tom seeing no options, he hits her with a rock killing her. Rachel now seeing an opening, runs out of the house only for Tom to catch up to her immediately. Tom is about to kill Rachel, when Anna appears helping Rachel kill him with a corkscrew. The police arrive and clear Rachel and Anna of Tom's murder, justifying it as self-defense.
The Girl on the Train is about a collection of imperfect people whose lives intersect over the course of a couple of months.  The story is set outside London and told from the perspectives of three women:  Rachel, Anna, and Megan.  Rachel is an alcoholic and "the girl on the train."  She has no car, so she travels back and forth to work via train.  Every day, she passes by the house that she once shared with her ex-husband Tom, who's now married to Anna.  Rachel also sees the house a few doors down where Megan lives with her husband Scott.  From the train, Rachel imagines they have an idyllic marriage...until one day when Megan goes missing.<br/><br/>While the twists aren't as intricate as the mysteries in "Gone Girl," and I was able to guess whodunnit by the time I read 2/3 of the book, this novel held my interest.  I enjoyed the plot and the characters, and the story and descriptions were well-written and conversational.  None of the characters were (intentionally) truly likeable, though, so it was hard to root for anyone.  Rachel is (obviously) the most-developed character, and I felt like I got to know her, even though I didn't like her for the stupid mistakes she kept on making in her life and then repeating them.  Megan was probably the second most developed character and the one that I felt most connected to.  She had this longing for "more" out of life that I think we all feel from time to time, even when we've finally reached a place in our lives where things are comfortable.  We should be happy, but we long for excitement.  The other characters felt a bit generic, but that didn't detract from the story.<br/><br/>All in all, this book is a clear winner and I'm looking forward to the movie!
Wow! I loved this book and to think that I almost didn't read it. For whatever reason, I had a hard time connecting with the book in the beginning, but kept at it at the insistence of so many friends. I am so glad I did. It was slow at the beginning, but it paid off in the end. The book is told from the point of view of three different women. The unreliable narrator tactic worked well with the way the author told the story from different dates. If you liked Gone Girl you will like this book. I don't see how my review is even necessary or helpful considering how many reviews this amazing book and author already have, but I wanted to share anyway. Once I got into the book, I could not put it down and had to know what would happen next. I guessed who the killer was, but I don't think that means anything. The book is a psychological thriller not a mystery so the suspense comes from wondering if our MC will escape the dangers posed by the villain and not from solving the mystery of who dun it. It was a nail biting experience at the end as I worried for two of the main characters and wondered what would happen. I can't say more without giving it away.<br/><br/>If you are one of the few who has not read this book, you simply must read it. Please don't let the slow start put you off. You will see, soon enough that it was worth the wait. This novel is unique and not like any other book out there. It shares many of the same plot techniques and narrative as Gone Girl, but the story is completely different from Gone Girl and from any other book. That's what makes the book such a hit.<br/><br/>If you have read this book and loved it like I did, I highly recommend that you read, Peter Swanson's The Kind Worth Killing. It hooks you much quicker and it is every bit as good as The Girl on the Train. Both are at the top of my all time favorite books. You can read my in depth review of The Kind worth Killing<br/>http://www.melissasugarwrites.com/2015/05/the-kind-worth-killing-review-with.html
This was a really interesting read. It dips in to  the lives of various characters , with really fantastic insight.<br/><br/>The main focus is on Rachel, she takes the exact same commuter train every single morning. It rattles down the tracks, past piles of old clothes, dirt and various houses.<br/><br/>But from all the houses it passes the one that get's Rachael's undivided attention every single day is the one where " Jess and Jason " lives. The couple intrigue Rachael, they fascinate her like no other. Then one morning as the train passes the house, Rachael sees something, it's only for a split second and the train is pass, but it's enough to make Rachael go to the police, but has this caused more harm than good?<br/><br/>Fast paced and a nice even flow are the first things I have to say about this read, it moved from point a to b at a really good pace, none of that stop start that is found in so many similar reads, that my dear reading friends drive me crazy !<br/><br/>I really loved the mystery in this book, but sadly I figured it out too quickly and I felt a little cheated that I was able to get it so fast.<br/><br/>Now that we have that out of the way I can tell you all about the most amazing part of this read, the unrealiable narrator , man it drove me crazy at first but then suddenly it all just became clear and it was like some kind of high to try and outsmart the narrator.<br/><br/>To sum it up , this is a terrific read for any reader that loves a great mystery, lots of emotional drama and loads of guessing if you don't pay attention.  Don't start reading this one if it's late at night , because after the third chapter it really grips the reader!<br/><br/>4.5 star review<br/>" Rolling past the image that changes her life"<br/><br/>** Copy provided in exchange for a honest review
The Unabridged audiobook of the psychological thriller The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins was incredible. The three readers were engaging and their voices brought the story to life. Not all audiobooks are equal, and for this reader The Girl on the Train was one of the very best.<br/><br/>The book is told from the perspectives of three different women, Rachel, Megan (Jess) and Anna. Most of the story is told by Rachel, a very unreliable narrator. Rachel is down-on-her-luck; she has just about hit rock-bottom. She is recently divorced, unemployed, living in a room in her friend's home, and she is an alcoholic. Rachel rides the trains to give the impression that she still has a job and that she is capably managing her personal heartaches. In reality, Rachel's alcoholism is so advanced that she often blacks out. She desperately wants to reconcile with her ex-husband who has easily moved on and lives in Rachel's former marital residence with his mistress, now his wife, and their baby girl.<br/><br/>The only source of happiness for Rachel is an imaginary scenario that she has created about a couple that she views each day while riding the train. She names her fictional couple, Jess and Jason, and in her mind they have an amazing marriage and live the perfect life in a home that is only a few doors down from her prior residence with her ex. One day Rachel sees Jess kissing someone other than Jason, and shortly thereafter Jess is reported missing. Rachel tries to help with the investigation, but she is not a believable witness.<br/><br/>From the very first page I was intrigued and the story held my attention throughout. Although I figured out the ending long before the conclusion, the novel did not suffer because of it. This is a book well-worth listening to. Highly recommended. 4 1/2 stars.
This thriller is riding on the band wagon of novels published in the last couple of years about people, mostly women it seems, suffering from some sort of amnesia, aware that something in their world is not quite right, but unable to figure it out or solve whatever it may be.<br/><br/>Like these previous novels, this also has been a best seller. It is a great read, full of tension, the writer in total control as she takes us on the slow journey to find out what has really gone wrong in Rachel's world for her to be in her current situation.<br/><br/>Firstly Rachel is not a girl but a woman, I would guess somewhere in her late twenties/early thirties. Her life has fallen apart - her marriage collapsed following infertility problems, she became a drunk, she lost her job, is staying with an old school friend who feels sorry for her, but powerless to help. Rachel's only shred of dignity that she seems to have left is the daily train commute into the city under the pretence of continuing to go to work. Every day the train passes her old street, and she always looks forward to seeing the perfect couple at number 15. Until one morning she sees something quite unexpected in the back yard. What she sees takes on greater significance when Megan, the young woman in the back yard goes missing. And so begins the process of Rachel unravelling the last few months of her life. As well as Rachel narrating her side of things, Megan tells her story too, as does Anna, the woman that Rachel's ex husband Tom took up with after Rachel who now lives in Rachel's old house at number 23 with Tom and their baby girl.<br/><br/>Without doubt it will be a movie, and although the ending wraps things up a little too easily, it is nevertheless a tautly written psychological thriller, that does leave you questioning how much of your reality is actually real.
The Girl on the Train sounds like it could be the long lost fourth Stieg Larson novel.  Instead, it's a brilliant thriller by former financial writer and current New York Times bestselling author  Paula Hawkins'.  The novel was released earlier this year and hit the literary world like, if you'll pardon the pun, a runaway train.<br/><br/>  Rachel rides the commuter train to and from work five days a week.  Even when she gets fired from her job for being a drunk, she continues the daily commute just to keep appearances up.  Her routine doesn't change.  She stares out the window, gulps wine or gin and tonics, loathes herself, and tries not to look when, every morning and every night, she passes by her old house and her old life.  Her husband has re-married, to a woman he started seeing when he and Rachel were still together.  There's a baby now, and the beautiful little girl somehow puts an exclamation point on everything Rachel lost.<br/><br/>  A few doors down, she notices a new couple.  They're young, attractive and obviously very much in love.  Rachel often sees them in their yard or on their small terrace.  She fantasizes about them, creating names, occupations and all the different aspects of a storybook marriage.  She's into the arts.  He's a world traveler.  Together, they've got the world on a string.  Then, that woman disappears and is later found dead.  Rachel believes she may have witnessed something that led to a brutal murder.  She contacts police but her drinking issues, cloudy memory and history of harassing her former husband and his new bride make Rachel's claims less than credible.  She's still convinced she can help but can't quite remember what she saw or what it might mean.  Meanwhile, that old demon alcohol is never far away.<br/><br/>  Because of poor eyesight, I've been an avid audio book listener for well over thirty-five years.  I consider myself an expert on the subject.  As a general rule, I don't care for books with more than one narrator.  I find that style of production tends to be distracting and sometimes confusing.  In the case of The Girl on the Train, however, that approach is perfect.  There is a different narrator for each of the three primary female characters.  The story is told from those three points of view and each has its own voice, literally.  All three narrators are excellent, and their performance contributes to what's already a fantastic novel.
“The Girl on the Train” by Paula Hawkins is an intriguing and suspenseful psychological thriller. The story revolves around a despondent divorced woman named Rachel, who frequently experiences intoxicated blackouts due to her alcoholic issues. Rachel pretends that her world is fine (even though it’s far from it) by going through the normal motions of life. She rides the same commuter train twice a day (even though she lost her job) and enjoys people watching and imagining up happy lives for them. Unfortunately, the commuter train takes her past the house where she used to live with her ex-husband but now where he lives with his new wife Anna and their child. Dealing with her grief, she observes another couple living nearby (whom she affectionately names Jason and Jess) and imagines up this blissfully happy life that they have, the one that she always wanted. Her imagined picture perfect life for the couple shatters however when Jess (her actual is Megan) disappears! Did Rachel’s intoxicated blackout the evening Megan disappeared have anything to do with it? Was she a witness or accomplice to a crime? What happens to her shell-of-a-life when she’s suddenly swept up into a murder investigation?<br/><br/>I found “The Girl on the Train” to be a very suspenseful read. The author effectively uses three alternating viewpoints to tell the story: Rachel (the bitter divorced woman), Anna (the new wife) and Megan (the unexpected casualty). This is one of those books that I think readers will either love or hate. The characters are very complex and interesting but not necessarily likeable people. This is not a bad thing though and makes the story more realistic I think, because real humans are flawed and do make mistakes. I kept turning the pages long after bedtime just to unravel the mystery and finally find out what really happened that night. I would highly recommend “The Girl on the Train” by Paula Hawkins to fans of mysteries, especially psychological thrillers.
“I am not the girl I used to be. I am no longer desirable, I’m off-putting in some way. It’s not just that I’ve put on weight, or that my face is puffy from the drinking and the lack of sleep; it’s as if people can see the damage written all over me, can see it in my face, the way I hold myself, the way I move.” ~ Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train<br/><br/>I have never been one to read thrillers. But I read so many great reviews about Paula Hawkins's The Girl on the Train I couldn't stop myself from at least starting.<br/><br/>Start it I did, and I couldn't stop! The synopsis states this is a "compulsively readable, emotionally immersive, Hitchcockian thriller." A more accurate description cannot be found. From page one to the end, I turned page after page wishing I could turn them faster. Reading on a Kindle meant I was waiting for technology to respond to the slip of my finger across the screen. In fact, I stayed up to 1:30 this morning to finish!<br/><br/>Paula Hawkins has used an interesting format for introducing her characters--Rachel, Megan, and Anna--which at time can be confusing but only from a timeline perspective. All three women narrate the story to which we are invited to share.<br/><br/>Amazingly, their lives are intricately intertwined and woven as in a delicate tapestry so tightly you almost begin to think you are losing your mind along with some of the characters.<br/><br/>Yet Hawkins cleverly creative way of telling the story allows her to develop her characters such that as well as being a tightly knit mystery/thriller, The Girl on the Train becomes a fascinating character study into the minds of the short cast we meet. Each is a unique person with a history leading to his/her present life situation. And each of them takes me, and possibly you, on a wild ride not always on the train.<br/><br/>I will make one statement here to touch on the fact that so many have compared The Girl on the Train to Gone Girl. I did not like Gone Girl. In fact, I didn't finish Gone Girl. In my mind, there is no comparison, and The Girl on the Train wins!<br/><br/>If you are a lover of mystery, suspense, thrill-a-minute reading, The Girl on the Train is a novel you will enjoy immensely. Like a jigsaw puzzle with microscopic pieces, Paula Hawkins invites you to put the puzzle together and see if you come up with the right solution to her tale of Hitchcockian thrills and frights.
The Girl on the Train<br/><br/>by Paula Hawkins<br/><br/>When riding the New York City subway as a small child, my mother would have us play a game to help pass the time. We would pick out a person somewhere in our subway car and each tell what we think that person’s life is like. Rachel in our story plays that very same game.<br/><br/>Rachel rides the train into London every weekday morning and back home each evening. The faces she sees and the places she passes all conjure up thoughts and images and her mind clamors to tell their stories from the little that she sees.<br/><br/>One street of houses is particularly well known to Rachel. It was there that Rachel spent some happy times – before her troubles began, before her drinking began. Each trip provides another glimpse into the lives she passes, and she longs for each sneak peek.<br/><br/>Rachel’s vision of the world is often a blur, altered by her frequent cans of gin and tonic and her bottles of wine. When the young woman four houses down from the home she used to call hers goes missing, Rachel immerses herself in the mystery. She even goes to the police to tell what she saw, what she knows, what she thinks she understands.<br/><br/>The story is told from three perspectives. From the eyes and mind and lips of Rachel, a sad and lonely alcoholic, the mystery of Megan’s disappearance is explored and explained. Anna, the new wife of Rachel’s ex-husband recounts her problems, her anguish, her despair, all wrapped up neatly under cover of the blissful suburban housewife. Megan reveals her own tale of wedded instability, discontent, and betrayal, a tale that differs from what everybody sees.<br/><br/>Paula Hawkins plays the game my mother taught me so many years ago, and plays it beautifully.
This was a book club selection for me this month. I'll be honest I wasn't exactly all that excited about it. I was procrastinating big time on starting it. (I'm really making this sound appealing aren't I?)  Occasionally I like to listen to audio books so I figured I'd see how this one was in audio. That way I could still read other things since I usually only listen to audio at my day job or while driving sans kiddos in the car.  So I queued it up and started. I went into the book totally cold. I hadn't read any other reviews or even the blurb. I highly recommend doing this. Don't even research or read the back of the book. Just start it.<br/><br/>The narration was great and drew me right in. It's been a long time since a book kept me on the edge and wondering exactly what was going on the entire time.  My friend D had already read it so I was constantly emailing her with all my new theories. Of course she just kept telling me to shut up and keep going like the good book buddy that she is. It didn't stop me from spewing all my theories at her left and right but she tried.<br/><br/>I was shocked at how much I enjoyed this. At times it was a complete and total hot mess but I loved that. It kept me guessing and thinking. My thoughts were constantly racing with possibilities. It was very well written and suspenseful.  The way that Ms. Hawkins weaved the story together was brilliant. It's given to you in little snippets of scenes and back and forth between different time periods,  but it was all very well thought out and presented in a terrific way to keep the story moving. It came together perfectly and built up to a great conclusion.  I was so anxious to finish that I ended up finding my place in the book on my ereader and read the last sections. As I was reading I was able to follow it because I already had the voices of the characters in my head and I was invested.<br/><br/>I think after experiencing both that I may not have enjoyed it quite as much if I hadn't listened to the audio. For that reason, I'd highly suggest listening to this if you can.  There are three different narrators for each of the characters and I think it gives a better perspective of the characters that way. I could really understand each of their feelings much more by how they sounded and their inflection. It was much easier to get lost in the story because each of the characters had their own voice and it kept things clear as the story shifted from one POV to the next.<br/><br/>This was a solid 4 stars and I'd highly recommend it. There are a lot of comparisons to Gone Girl which I also really liked, but I think this one is distinctly different. I don't think it's a fair comparison and if you didn't like Gone Girl and are hesitant about this because of the comparisons, I'd encourage you to give it a chance anyway.  They are two totally different books in my opinion. This would make a terrific summer vacation read. I always keep a list of my "must read"  books for our annual summer beach week because we go with my whole family and for that whole week my sister pretty much reads whatever I tell her to. This is definitely going at the top of her TBR pile that week.  I'm sure she'll thank me later. :)
I really am disturbed, and get utterly upset with these reviewers who attempt to dismantle these clear mystery/thriller undertakings for exacting literary flaws and character development blemishes...if these readers are endeavoring works such this one by long-time journalist Paula Hawkins for uplifting belletristic experiences then they really are completely misguided in their reading choices and thus have no business offering critiques...I mean, come on folks, this isn't Hemingway or Faulkner nor is it intended to be. These characters are developed to the extent that it embellishes the plotline to a satisfying outcome...any criticism of this genre ought to concentrate on the plot and its supporting framework and to me, "The Girl On The Train" succeeds magnificently in all of these qualifiers.<br/><br/>I intently enjoy these "mystery" works when travelling with extended periods in airports and on flights...I've found Michael Connelly's catalogue particularly entertaining in these instances for example. Having seen this interesting looking novel by Hawkins on the "best-seller" lists, I started it on a recent long travel weekend and was not disappointed.<br/><br/>Rachel Watson is a divorced, lonely, alcohol inclined woman who travels by train into London from the suburbs to her mundane job. Due to the constant ineptness of the local train line, her travels stop at a Witney suburb where she witnesses the seemingly bucolic lifestyle of a young married couple who often enjoy their mornings on an outside terrace in full view of the delayed train passengers. Longing for the happiness portrayed by this young couple, Rachel slowly exposes her existence as a now depressed, dark and imaginative body of a completely disabused alcoholic who one day views a sharp dissention in the otherwise perfect relationship of the couple she witnesses daily from the train and that which she dreams of.<br/><br/>Sinking herself slowly into the details of this dissention, we learn of her "not so long ago" married life just a few houses down from the now heavily investigated "paradise" of Rachel's dream world. With one fascinating turn after another, we're lead to a surprising conclusion that drags the reader along and makes this 323 page mystery read like in rapid bursts.<br/><br/>I particularly enjoyed Hawkins ability to carry a brilliantly conjectured plotline with introspectively dark characters who never seemed to waver throughout. Many times with works like this, authors fail to carry the essence of their characters to the conclusion but Hawkins, in my opinion, has succeeded here not only with her main protagonist but with the many supporting cast as well. And as a result, we're presented with an enticingingly thought provoking and constantly churning, twisting and surprisingly profound storyline. The finality of the mystery was not entirely evident to me (admittedly though I'm usually always surprised by these outcomes) so this work gripped me to the end.<br/><br/>If I were to offer any criticism though, the ending alliance of two of the main character "enemies" was a bit hasty and drawn out but that's really the largess of my complaints and this in no way blemishes the overall work. I believe that Ms. Hawkins shows an immense talent and I for one certainly look forward to a follow-up novel.<br/><br/>"The Girl On The Train" has enjoyed boundless success on the many contemporary "best-seller" lists and, in this reviewer's opinion, for good reason. Sifting through the reviews thread here on Amazon, it appears to me that for the negative comments, there's a common misperception with literary criticism that is entirely misplaced. This work is an excellent mystery/thriller and not a literary-fiction work intended for that genre...my advice is get this and enjoy it, you will not be disappointed.
Well, well, well....talk about a mind trip.  This one is a definite mind trip.  I am still thinking...WHAT!<br/><br/>Rachel is one messed up chick.  I mean messed up.  Then there is Megan and Anna.  I think in their own way they are all pretty much messed up!  They have some serious issues to work through.<br/><br/>Rachel, sees something from the train on one of her commutes that leads to an exciting, and twisted turn of events.  A girl goes missing.  Rachel cannot let her ex go, and Anna wants to get rid of her husbands ex.<br/><br/>Rachel cannot seem to move past loosing her husband.  She becomes an alcoholic, and instead of letting her room mate know she lost her job, she rides the commuter train every day at the same time.  She stalks her ex-husband and new wife relentlessly.  She cannot seem to pull herself together.  When she goes to the police with what she saw on the train, she is considered an unreliable witness because of her drinking.<br/><br/>Megan, we find out is not the sweet wife she seems to be.  Rachel has nick named her and her husband Scott "Jess and Jason".  She watches them each morning on her commute to the city.  She imagines what might be going on behind closed doors.  Of course there is far more to Megan's story, than just drinking tea and visiting with her husband on the back porch.<br/><br/>Anna, is Tom's new wife, and Tom, is Rachel's ex-husband that she cannot seem to move past.  There is always some kind of drama that Tom is saving Rachel from, and Anna just wants her gone.<br/><br/>The story gets very exciting when we come to realize that all three of these women have something in common that they don't even know.<br/><br/>I was totally surprised by this ending.  I don't know why I am always surprised but I am.  I do have to say that there are so many "bad" guys that this could have ended three different ways, and all would have probably been just as good.<br/><br/>When Rachel's memories start coming back to her, and things start coming together the book gets to a point where I could not put it down.  It was so fantastic.  This was exciting, twisted, and a little creepy.  Makes me wonder who I am living next door to :).  Everyone seems to live such "normal" lives in this book.  Until their worlds begin to collide with each other.<br/><br/>If you want a great, mess with your mind, exciting book to read, this one is right up there.  It was so interesting to read.  I love that it came from three different POV's.  It made it that much more exciting to me.  I loved seeing how it all came together.
I had no idea what I was getting into when I picked up this book. I felt every single character's feelings... I felt angry, depressed, hopeless, hopeful, satisfied, imaginative. Rachel isn't a character I can relate to, but she allowed me to see alcoholism from a different perspective. I was around an alcoholic for most of my childhood and in my early teenage years. I was never an enabler and I have pretty strong views on drunks in general. That being said, Rachel is an alcoholic. She has blackouts and knows the consequences of drinking before she takes a sip, but still decides to drink at some times. This small aspect of the novel angered me, but it was integral to the story.<br/><br/>Rachel rides the train every day and observes the people around her. Her daily commutes to and from home take her by the same house, where she become slightly obsessed with the couple living there. One day she sees something different than the usual. This enrages Rachel and she takes her anger out by drinking more alcohol and harassing her ex-husband. Then she blacks out. Feeling guilty and not knowing what happened on a very important night, she starts investigating herself. She rips off small pieces of paper, writes down details, and then stuffs them in her purse. She wanted to be a part of something, but we find out quickly that sometimes it's not good to be in the inner circle. My favorite quote in the book... "Life is not a paragraph, and death is no parenthesis."<br/><br/>I enjoyed this novel to rate it 5 stars. I don't normally read thriller/suspense novels, but this one surprised me. It is very hard to review this novel without giving details that I know a reader would want to discover themselves. So I'm basically saying to quit reading everyone's reviews and just go buy this book. I promise... you'll thank me later.
The Girl on the Train has been the buzz book for a while now. I couldn’t wait to read it – but I had to because of the monstrous waiting list at my library. But alas my wait was over and I couldn’t have been happier. This is a hard review to write because it is pretty  much a less you know the better it is type of story so it might be a bit brief – but it’s for the best I promise!<br/><br/>“The whole thing was actually your fault, Rachel.”<br/><br/>We start with Rachel. On a train. The Girl on the Train. See that we got the title settled straight away. Whew! We start with her whizzing past houses on her way into the city. As it goes on we see her preoccupation with a couple, who she has named Jess and Jason. I will say the beginning was a bit disconcerting, especially with dates at the beginning of each chapter. This always jams me up in a book because I can never remember what the dates are, if we are going back at a point in time or forward or chronologically following the story. When I finally got my bearings I got what it all was and was on my way into the dark and twisty world that this book was.<br/><br/>We have the narration broken down into Morning and Evening with multiple POVs including Rachel, Megan (Jess as Rachel initially refers to her as) and Anna who is Rachel’s ex-husband’s new wife.<br/><br/>“I have lost control over everything, even the places in my head.”<br/><br/>Right away I knew Rachel wasn’t all there but wasn’t sure if she was just plain old crazy or something else. You do find out her story as it slowly unfolds helping to put a lot of things seen earlier into perspective.<br/><br/>“He never understood that it’s possible to miss what you’ve never had, to mourn for it.”<br/><br/>The Megan part of the story is a little while before Rachel’s. We see her life with Scott ( aka Jason) and her interactions with Anna, who is her neighbor.<br/><br/>“He loves me so much, it makes me ache.”<br/><br/>Anna comes into the book and we see her views of both Megan and Rachel. She doesn’t think much of either of them, especially Rachel. We see her life with Rachel’s ex husband and their new baby.<br/><br/>These three women’s lives are so interconnected, whether it be clear or less obvious, that they all wind up playing a large part in each other’s lives in some way. Also, they are all kind of terrible and totally unreliable. And that made it fun!<br/><br/>“The holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mould yourself through the gaps.”<br/><br/>The entire time I was reading this I had this queazy, uneasy, anxious feeling. Thankfully it didn’t last long because I couldn’t put it down and flew through the story. I loved its dark tone, fast pace and how well it was written. I love multiple points of view and liked the Morning/Evening dynamic. I think I “figured it out” pretty late in the game (like probably when she meant for me to) and it was still great getting to the finish to find out what happens. If you love psychological  thrillers, liked Gone Girl or want to find out what all the hype is about – I say go for it. It lives up to all the buzz.
The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins is one of those debut novels that has received rave reviews practically everywhere. This book first came to my attention through my sister, who is particularly choosy when it comes to reading. The next time happened to be when I walked into a bookstore here; I just had to pick it up from the prominent display right at the entrance and then I just had to get a copy after reading the blurb. Well, you know how that goes.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train has an interesting premise, one that perhaps observant commuters who travel back and forth to work or anywhere for that matter, can relate to. Rachel is the woman who commutes to London to work everyday and back, a journey that takes almost an hour of her time in the mornings and evenings. What Rachel does to while away the time is to watch the view beyond the windows of the train. The one thing Rachel does focus on everyday is the couple that she has come to call Jess and Jason, a couple that she believes to be in love, a couple who has got it all, unlike her failed marriage to Tom, the man with whom she shared the house just a couple feet away from the house her Jess and Jason occupy.<br/><br/>When Rachel sees something she would rather not on one of those long commutes and it suddenly comes to light that the woman she has started calling Jess in her mind has gone missing, Rachel does the one thing any civic minded woman would do. She goes to the police to tell them of what she knows.<br/><br/>Thus starts a tale that keeps the reader guessing, that tells the story of a woman who continues to live her life as an alcohol addict, who has a difficult time letting go of the husband who had divorced her for another woman. Rachel finds herself in the midst of a circle of distrust, both from the police as well as the spouse of the woman that has gone missing. The rampant circle of distrust becomes more corrosive driven by the fact that Rachel has a hard time trusting her own memory when it comes to her alcohol riddled mind.<br/><br/>Ms. Paula Hawkins takes the reader through a journey of the impact of emotional and physical abuse, and how debilitating that the former as well as the latter can be when it comes the self confidence of a person. The truth emerges slowly and painfully, at least for Rachel and gives the reader a chance to delve deep into the psychology that drives Rachel to seek out what had actually happened the night “Jess” had disappeared.<br/><br/>While I had my finger on who the villain would turn out to be, The Girl on the Train nevertheless proved to be a story that kept the pages turning, because there is a quality to the voice of it all that is just compelling. While I am not one to stray into genres that do not contain any elements of romance in it, I found myself the least bit bothered with the lack of it because Paula Hawkins delivers a damn good story! Recommended!<br/><br/>Rating = 4/5
Thirty-something Rachel is depressed, divorced, unemployed, and an alcoholic with too much time on her hands. Not wanting her roommate to know she lost her job Rachel takes the train into London each morning and home each evening. It so happens that the train passes the street where Rachel once lived with her then husband Tom. Tom now lives there with his new wife Anna - the lover who precipitated Tom and Rachel's divorce.<br/><br/>Rachel takes a great interest in her former street, and as the train passes each day she checks out the people living there and makes up stories about them. She's becomes especially interested in a couple whom she dubs "Jess and Jason". Rachel thinks the couple is blissfully happy until the day she spots Jess kissing another man in the front yard. Soon afterwards Jess disappears - and the mystery story takes off from there.<br/><br/>The couple's real names are Megan and Scott, and Scott soon becomes a suspect in Megan's disapperance. Rachel, knowing about the 'other man', feels compelled to insert herself into the investigation. She talks to the police and Scott, but because her alcoholism causes blackouts Rachel is deemed an unreliable witness. Rachel has other troubles as well. She's never gotten over her divorce and harrasses Tom and Anna with constant phone calls and the occasional unwanted visit.<br/><br/>The story is told from three rotating points of view - Rachel, Megan, and Anna - so the reader gets three perspectives on the events being narrated. To say much more would be a spoiler so I'll just say there are plenty of twists and surprises leading to a climax that's satisfyingly dramatic (if a little too long and drawn out).<br/><br/>The story is compelling and the characters are interesting but not particularly likable; these probably aren't people you'd want to hang out with. I enjoyed the book and would probably read more from this author.
To say this book is gripping and you won't be able to put it down is an understatement. However, I will be the first to admit that this was nothing like I'd expected, not from the synopsis nor the reviews. I bought this book after witnessing all the hype surrounding it and the plot seemed very interesting, albeit a bit vague, enough for me to purchase it.<br/><br/>I loved the idea of a girl on the same train every morning and evening, spying on people and creating whole lives for them in her head. I loved the idea of her witnessing something crazy and finding herself in the middle of a thrilling crime. What I didn't expect is that this girl is an irritating alcoholic, who brings nothing but trouble, who is obsessive, and who is honestly, just sickening to read about. I did not expect this girl, spying on people, to be actually spying on the neighborhood where she used to live with her husband Tom, who cheated on her and then left her for that woman. Tom, who now has a child with that woman and is living with his new family in their house.<br/><br/>Rachel struck me as unstable with a load of mental issues. Her drinking problem really got on my nerves at one point, but Paula Hawkins still made me want to read on to find out what happened.<br/><br/>One mysterious night, Rachel returns to the flat she's sharing with a friend bruised and bleeding. She blacks out, and wakes up the next morning not able to remember anything. All she knows is that the night before she had gotten off the train at the stop where she usually sees the couple she spies on, who she later finds out are called Megan and Scott, but everything after that is erased from her memory. She has an angry voice mail from her ex-husband asking her to leave them alone, that she's scaring his wife, Anna. She doesn't know what she's done this time, but is terrified due to the condition she woke up in.<br/><br/>When she realizes that Megan has disappeared and the police are interrogating her about her whereabouts the night before, she is even more freaked out and becomes, if possible, even more obsessive. She makes it her mission to try and remember what happened that night and involves herself in everyone's lives, including that of Megan's husband and therapist. A lot of the times she makes things much worse, but sometimes, she comes close to piecing together the missing pieces.<br/><br/>We are also given a glimpse into Megan and Anna's lives as they get to narrate their own chapters. We find out what Megan's life was really like with her husband and with her past, and we delve into Anna's insecurities and fears.<br/><br/>I can't say I liked any of the characters, male or female. However, I found myself reading on until the very last page unable to pull myself away from the book. For that, I gave it 5 stars, because it takes real skill for an author to be able to suck me in this much despite my loathing for the characters. I can't say I expected more, but I did expect something completely different.
A "Who done it" psychological thriller that shows no one is as they seem, and not the type of book I usually read. Girl of the train, however, grabs you from the beginning no matter what your circumstances in life are and kept me guessing until the end.<br/><br/>As a "former communter" on a bus and train, I found the premise from the beginning very interesting. The story is narrated by Rachel, Anna, and Megan, whose lives and perspectives are different, yet oddly intersect due to the philandering and abusive men in their lives.<br/><br/>Rachel is the divorced alcoholic woman whose husband left her for Anna, and commutes from the suburbs of London to the city everyday. Painfully, she passes by her old neighborhood and home and becomes obsessed with watching her old home and another house nearby. Very quickly, she begins  to watch another couple, Megan and Scott, who she becomes obsessed with, and begins to imagine them having the life she wishes she had. On one occasion, however, she sees another man kissing Megan, and becomes involved in their lives as a stalker might in a hollywood drama.<br/><br/>The interesting part of this book for me was how Ms. Hawkins tied together this triangle of women, how they were all treated badly by a triangle of<br/>men in their lives, and how they reacted to their circumstances. Each woman had her own insecurities and reacted differently to lying, cheating, and secretive behavior that ultimately led to a murder. I think all of us can feel superior to the characters in this book, but on some level can identify with a small part of their lives.<br/><br/>The old saying "the grass is greener on the other part of the fence" is an understatement in this book, and just goes to show the reader that everyone has their own problems, and they must be strong in life in order to face and overcome them.
Never dreamed that I would like this book so very much.  While the plot is very dark and the characters even darker, when it was all put together, there is a wonderful life lesson.  I am a sucker for a good psychological thriller and this one fit my bill.  Rachel evoked sympathy from me when I realized how very sad her plight in life had turned out to be.  I did lose patience with her when she just sank deeper and deeper into the fairy tale that she had concocted for herself.  Anna got no sympathy from me.  In fact, I believe that malice would describe my feelings for her.  She showed no mercy at all for Rachel and her problems and even sank to telling lies or half-truths about Rachel to her ex-husband making him angry and causing him to treat Rachel badly.  Rachel's roommate gets high points for being able to cope with Rachel's problems and remain her friend.  From the first page, I knew that I was in for a bumpy ride and I did not want to put the book down until the end.  The slow, steady, and boring train ride which Rachel took every day only to spend her day hanging out in different places so no one knew that she had no job reminded me of how one loses touch with reality.  Einstein said it best, "Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results is the definition of insanity."  Rachel certainly fit that bill.  Her fabricated tale of the couple she watched from the train is further evidence.  She not only made up names for them, she made up lives for them.  Then, when she saw one thing amiss, her fairy tale went out of control and therein lies the plot.  There were some instances that were actually funny, but only added to the darkness that just got deeper and deeper.  I promise that you will be surprised at the ending and will agree with me that there was no other way it could go--AFTER you finish reading.  Loved this and will look for more by Hawkins.
Rachel is an alcoholic. She drinks so much that she often has blackouts. This makes her a very unreliable narrator. She also makes REALLY bad choices which makes her a very frustrating narrator. The kind I want to reach into the book and shake some sense into.<br/><br/>The other narrators are Anna and Megan. Anna is Rachel’s ex-husband Tom’s new wife. She loathes Rachel because some of Rachel’s bad choices involve drunkenly calling Tom or coming over to their house at all hours. Megan is Jess of Rachel’s fantasy couple that she watches from the train. I wouldn’t call Megan unreliable but she withholds a lot of shocking information from the reader.<br/><br/>When Megan goes missing, Rachel becomes obsessed with trying to solve the mystery of her disappearance. But how much help can a person who doesn’t even remember large blocks of her life really be? This book has so many twists and turns, I lost count. Just when I thought I had it all figured out, new information would come to light. I loved that I couldn’t trust Rachel and that neither one of us knew what really happened during her blackout periods and were kept guessing almost until the end.<br/><br/>This book has been called the next Gone Girl and I can see why. It has some of the same elements -a missing wife being the main one. However, whereas Gone Girl has The ONE BIG TWIST and then is just plain creepy after that, this book has a lot of little twists and not as much creepiness. I think it’s important to go into reading this with the right expectations. It’s a great thriller. But it’s not a carbon copy of Gone Girl (which I loved) and that’s a good thing. Highly recommended.<br/><br/>DreamWorks has recently acquired the movie rights to the book. I think this book would make a great movie and I hope the adaptation does it justice.
Wow, this was intense. I still have a mild headache from reading this book like a crazy person yesterday, I legit sat/laid on my bed and read for, like, 5 hours straight--I knew I needed a couple of breaks for snacks and water but I couldn't make myself stop reading, I needed to know what was going to happen next, and next, and after that, chapter after chapter I needed to know if Rachel was OK, and what the hell happened on That Saturday? Why was Rachel all roughed up? Who did that to her? What can't she remember? What happened to Megan? And why?<br/><br/>Gods, the heroine, Rachel, is such a flawed&damaged; character, a real hot mess, constantly drunk, constantly calling and emailing her ex-husband Tom, constantly showing up at their old house where he now lives with his new perfect wife and perfect baby girl. My goodness, I facepalmed so many times, RACHEL WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO YOURSELF, WHY?? It was depressing and heartbreaking to see her in that state, day after day. Even more so when she lets the reader know how happy she used to be, how great her life was before her marriage started to fall apart, before she started to drink to forget and not feel anything, before her husband started to cheat on her, before the divorce, before the empty, lonely life she lives now.<br/>And, grrrr, it's so damn frustrating because, really, no one wants to be around an alcoholic, particularly if you don't understand how or why they can't simply STOP, and I admit I was a little hard on Rachel myself, for a couple of chapters I kept screaming at my ereader: STOP DOING THAT, STOP DRINKING, STOP GETTING HURT, STOP SHOWING UP AT THEIR HOUSE, GO TO AN AA MEETING, GET YOUR LIFE TOGETHER! It's so easy to judge someone with a destructive addiction, but in this case, and as the story progressed, I got more and more invested in cheering for Rachel, because you can tell she's a good person, and even though she's a responsible adult, she didn't get to that point just by herself, there's a great amount of emotional and physical abuse behind it all and it really isn't fair how her life has been in total havoc for the past years, while other people pretend they have nothing to do with it, or worse, pretend that they are victims of this situation, that they're victims of this (quoting and paraphrasing) annoying, sad, pathetic, fat drunker who can't stop harassing her ex and his new family, and now she's even doing it to strangers, Jesus! this woman must be stopped, but I can't say much more because I don't want to spoil this book for anyone.<br/><br/>Other thing that struck me deep down was how this person whose life is in shambles, who knows that people look at her with utter contempt and disgust, and who's deeply ashamed by the train wreck that is her situation, still decides to get involved in the investigation of the disappearance of a stranger, Megan Hipwell, a woman she used to see through her window every day when she was on the train. Mostly she wants to help this woman's husband, who she believes is not to blame for this occurrence, and of course she wants to know what happened to Megan--the thing is, to help she has to come clean about her life, and, oh my God, it was painful to watch. Imagine trying so hard to help, trying your best, *trying*, and in return being treated like a repulsive, hardly worth of a minute of attention, drunk fool who's wasting everyone's time. I'm telling you, AGONY, this woman can not catch a break.<br/><br/>On top of wanting to see this mystery of the gone girl solved, and Rachel get her life back on track, I was dying to know what happened during all those alcohol blackouts--more so when it becames clear that one in particular holds the key to the big mystery, and also that someone took advantage of her confusion and repressed memories, so think, Rachel, think! + I couldn't stop thinking about how terrifying it must be to not know what happened to you and around you, to have entire hours of your life erased from your memory, and then you wake up and you're bruised and bloodied, and no idea why. Terrifying.<br/><br/>*stops to look at review* Whoa, this is long. Okay, I'm going to wrap it up now.<br/>This book was a wild ride, utterly gripping and unputdownable, both because of the mystery surrounding Megan, and also because you want to see Rachel succeed, be safe, change her life. I highly recommend it. (This is going to be a movie too!)
Alcoholic, newly divorced Rachel Watson is riding the train in to London from Ashbury, where she rents a room from her last and now only friend, Kathy. As usual, she drunkenly anticipates seeing her favorite couple in their backyard and in their house, curtains open. They apparently own the house, surrounded by similar cookie-cutter family homes which abut the track, separated by a fence. It has become her only pleasure to see them share kisses and hugs, unaware of the audience watching them from the passing train, which temporarily stops in front of the house almost every day for a track signal. The canned gin and tonics she discretely sips all day kills her emotional pain, but it is not a pleasure as good as watching this handsome couple. The liquor only dulls her regrets.<br/><br/>She has named the loving, happy couple 'Jess and Jason'. She feels connected to them, obsessed with their happiness. So when on yet another fruitless job-hunting farce of a train journey, which she is enduring daily to fool her roommate into thinking she actually still has her public relations job instead of having been fired, she becomes panicked when see observes 'Jess' kissing another man.<br/><br/>Four doors down from 'Jess and Jason' live Tom Watson and his brand new wife, Anna, who was a restaurant server, in an identical house with the same layout as the blissful couple Rachel cannot stop watching. This house used to be Tom and Rachel's house, but after a pregnancy miscarriage and Rachel's descent into excessive drinking and blackouts, Tom moved on to Anna, who quickly had a baby.<br/><br/>Rachel is drifting in meaningless haze of movement masquerading as forward progress much like the train she rides back and forth on its unmoving rails. Tom wants her to really move on, and Kathy thinks she is going to work every day, even as she is losing sympathy for Rachel over her increasing erratic and irresponsible behavior as well as her endless drunkeness.<br/><br/>Rachel has no plan. She does not care about getting a new job. All she wants to do is get drunk, and watch her favorite couple as she rides the morning and evening train from London. However, she is running out of money. She has embarrassing blackouts which are getting her into trouble she does not remember causing, such as midnight calls to Tom, threats to Anna, and finally she apparently tried to steal Anna and Tom's baby out of their house, which she invaded uninvited.<br/><br/>Then one day she wakes up covered in blood and bruises with no memory of the previous night.<br/><br/>Megan (Jess) Hipwell is at loose ends. She closed her art gallery due to lack of customers, and now she is looking for something to occupy her life. Unlike the fantasy of bliss that Rachel has created for her, she is restless and unhappy in her marriage to Scott (Jason). Out of pure boredom and unable to move on to new career, she decides to work as a nanny for Anna and Tom. It is a dull and unfulfilling job. What she actually wants is an affair. When her inability to sleep morphs into daily panic attacks and nervous anxiety, she finally goes to see a therapist. The psychiatrist is not exactly helpful in her opinion, but he is very good looking. Very.<br/><br/>Then, Scott comes home one day and Megan is gone. Where is Megan? He calls the police.<br/><br/>Anna, a nervous young mother, wants Rachel arrested. She has no doubt Rachel is dangerous, violent and unpredictable. She is uncertain (not that she admits it) of Tom's love, despite his assurances, because Tom keeps rescuing and excusing Rachel. Rachel is obviously a continuing threat to her baby and her marriage. After Megan disappears, Anna discovers Rachel is hanging about in front of their house, supposedly trying to find out more information about Megan. Why would Rachel care about Megan, their ex-babysitter? It is obvious to her Rachel wants Tom back. Well. She is not having it! She is going to see that woman pays for her continuing disruption to her life.<br/><br/>I think this book is wonderfully entertaining and quite an interesting twisty mystery. The story slowly picks up speed like a train leaving a train station, but its pace becomes G-force quick until a scary and satisfying finish is reached.
I think my high hopes for this book are the reason I wasn't a huge fan. The blurbs and reviews compare The Girl on the Train to Gone Girl and talk about the unreliable narration and surprise ending, so I was really coming up with some wild scenarios in my head. Instead, the ending was predictable and I guessed it easily.<br/><br/>It started off fantastic. The reader gets the point of view from three characters: the main character, Rachel; Anna, the woman who stole Rachel's husband; and Megan, the focus of the crime. It was awesome getting different POV and, honestly, the more the book progressed the more I hated everyone.<br/><br/>The book was ripe with adultery, lies and alcoholism. The "unreliable narration" was certainly dead-on due to Hawkins making me consider everyone as a suspect from either their inner monologue or the way they acted around others, treated others or were thought of by others. I was absorbed in their lives and how everything connected.<br/><br/>I was pretty pissed at Rachel throughout, but I also deeply pitied her. She was a horrible alcoholic who stalked her ex-husband and his new family. She--almost creepily--made up a whole life for a couple she watched daily on her train ride (it's one thing to just make up a story; it's another to build on the story and believe the attributes you created are true). She was someone you wouldn't befriend and, if you were friends with her, you'd sever the friendship the first change you had. But, she had reasons for her drinking and actions that I could understand. I still wished she'd found better avenues to deal with her pain but I sympathized with her the more I learned.<br/><br/>I went through the same roller coaster of emotions with Anna and Megan. Anna I felt bad for because her husband's ex-wife was constantly coming around, two years after their divorce, but Anna was the cause of their divorce (or at least the final reason for Tom to sign the papers), so I also felt a bit like it was karma. Megan I couldn't figure out, then I was pissed at her, then she reveals something huge and I felt so, so bad for her and couldn't even imagine what I'd have done in her shoes.<br/><br/>Hawkins was great at confusing my feelings and keeping me on edge to find out how it would end. Then, the ending came and it was lackluster. Yes, revelations happened and I suppose the very end could have come as a surprise, but the "who-done-it" was almost obvious. It could be Hawkins gave a little too much away in hints towards the end; it could be my expectations were set too high; or it could be that the ending was similar to many other books and I was expecting/hoping for something more jaw-dropping and original. Whatever the reason, I wasn't impressed.<br/><br/>I still recommend the book--the writing is fantastic and Hawkins created complex characters who were completely flushed out. Just, if you've read Gone Girl, don't expect an ending in any way similar to that. Otherwise, I think you'll enjoy the read.
Written from the perspective of three women with chapters broken down by date and time of day, The Girl on the Train offers a suspense filled time-line almost as an ancillary character in this unfolding drama that will have you on the edge of your seat. Fast-paced and edgy, this is a wild, off-the-rails train ride.<br/><br/>Newly divorced and an alcoholic to boot with periods of blackouts that inhibit her from remembering pockets of time and increasingly important events, Rachel rides the train to and from work each day. On it she passes the suburban neighborhood and the house she used to live in happily with her husband until the day when her husband Tom’s extramarital affair had him divorcing Rachel to marry Anna, his mistress. Tom and Anna set up house in Rachel old home, the one she was forced to abandon.<br/><br/>A few doors down live a couple whom Rachel has affectionately named Jess and Jason, though she does not know them personally. During the train’s daily stop in this town, Rachel often witnesses what she has deemed the perfect couple sitting on their balcony and fills in the blanks of their idyllic life together, a life that in reality is nothing as Rachel imagined.<br/><br/>When the news reports that “Jess” whose real name is Megan has gone missing and that her husband is the number one suspect, Rachel feels she has to get involved in the case, especially since she witnessed something that happened with Megan just before she was gone.<br/>As Rachel struggles to control her drinking and recall the snippets of memories that cause her a strong visceral reaction, she becomes more and more convinced that she holds the key to solving the mystery of Megan’s whereabouts.<br/><br/>“Beautiful sun, cloudless skies, no one to play with, nothing to do. Living like this, the way I’m living at the moment, is harder in the summer when there is so much daylight, so little cover of darkness, when everyone is out and about, being flagrantly, aggressively happy. It’s exhausting, and it makes you feel bad if you’re not joining in.”<br/><br/>I loved the above quote, delivered early on in the story, which gives us a strong view of the space Rachel occupies in her mind. One of the most interesting aspects of the story is that out of all three women, Rachel is the only one desperately trying to face up to the terrifying facts of her life yet she battles the inability to physically recall these events and visceral impressions are the only thing she has working in her favor. Conversely, Anna and Megan refuse to examine their lives for what they really are but would rather exist in a state of denial. When both women’s hands are forced, the resulting consequences are dramatic.
The image that sticks with me from The Girl on the Train is of Rachel drinking a gin and tonic on the afternoon train home from London.<br/><br/>Rachel was fired from her job months ago but still takes the train five days a week so her landlady won’t find out. Her husband, Tom, left her for another woman and moved his new wife Anna into the house he and Rachel once shared.<br/><br/>It is on these daily train rides that she sees a beautiful young couple – who she names Jason and Jess – sitting on their back patio.<br/>Jason and Jess – whose real names are Scott and Megan – represent to Rachel the life she had before Tom left her.  She develops a voyeuristic interest in their lives.<br/><br/>One day Rachel sees Megan kissing another man. The next day Megan goes missing and Scott is a suspect. Rachel propels herself into the middle of the search for Megan and a desperate quest to clear Scott’s name.<br/><br/>The story is told from the perspectives of Rachel, Anna, and Megan. Each narrative is unreliable in its own way and adds to the suspense of the story.<br/><br/>Rachel has frequent blackouts from her heavy drinking that leave her scrambling to figure out what she did the night before. Her feelings of worthlessness are both her cause for despair and her driving force.<br/><br/>Megan is unhappy with Scott and very secretive about her past before she married him. She develops an unusually close relationship with her male therapist and it is unclear if he played a role in her disappearance.<br/><br/>Anna is unrepentant about her affair with Tom and even claims to miss her role as the “other woman” now that she’s married. She is openly hostile towards Rachel, who she looks down on as being fat and unworthy.<br/><br/>One of my favorite things is when I find a book that is so good I don’t want to stop reading. I read it while I’m brushing my teeth, while I should be cleaning, while I wait to pick my daughter up from school. The Girl on the Train is that book. Read it!
Book titles are more important than people realize.  Their mission is to evoke intrigue, attract the reader, and make them wonder what the story is about all within a word or a sentence. The Girl on the Train is a great example of that; when I first scanned the title, I thought, “Who is this girl?  What happens on the train?”  So my imagination began to shape different scenarios of what could be held within these pages…and I should have stopped there, because this novel that held such great hope turned out to be just another ‘wannabe’ thriller.<br/><br/>The story of The Girl on the Train is simple enough: English commuter and alcoholic Rachel Watson’s life has gone to shambles, and she has done nothing to make it better.  Her husband divorced her because of her alcoholism (the causes behind it don’t make it more justifiable but a bit more understandable), his mistress moved into their home after she was kicked out, and now she spends her free time pretending to go to work by riding the train to and from London.  As she looks out the window, she makes careful observations of the scenery and takes a special interest in the new neighbors a couple of doors down from her old house; giving them fake names, (Jason and Jess) and an imaginary life that placates her own fantasies.<br/><br/>One morning on the train, Rachel noticed  Megan (aka Jess) outside with another man, which becomes the catalyst to a string of terrible events. (Hence the name, The Girl on the Train…) Soon there's a disappearance, and Rachel gets in over her head by not understanding the difference between being helpful and being a pest, especially in an investigation where she may be a suspect.<br/><br/>What saved this novel was the writing and the pace.  Hawkins knew how to get you sucked into the story, (which may come from her 15 years’ experience as a journalist) and relate to the characters on some pretty deep levels. She’s so good with conjuring emotion that I found myself steaming with frustration toward Rachel’s character.  If the story was centered on her, why not make her a strong heroine?  Why make her a pathetic alcoholic who, granted was a good person, lets her poor judgement affect her decisions?  If she was to have started off this way and then grow into a stronger, more confident person, then I would feel differently, but there was no growth in Rachel.  Yes, she was able to take down her own demons by the end but I don’t give her credit for doing so. She didn’t go searching for them to become a better person, she took them down because they were right there in her face and had no choice.<br/><br/>It may not sound like it but The Girl on the Train was honestly a good, solid novel.  As I said, there are great characters (despite Rachel’s shortcomings) that are extremely real and complex, a great pace that will keep you reading to the end, and a decent twist that will leave you momentarily satisfied.  Unfortunately, compared to other thrillers I’ve read, this did not stand up to them and made me wonder if this novel should have been about a different girl on a different train.
‘The Girl on the Train’ is one of 2015’s most popular books. Sometimes I feel the need to seek out the biggest bestsellers not because they sound particularly interesting to me but rather because I want to know what everybody’s reading and why. So, why did Paula Hawkins’ debut novel ‘The Girl on the Train’ become such a huge success? Well, I don’t know, exactly. As much as we’d like to think there’s a science to these things, there really isn’t. But it helps that the book is good.<br/><br/>Rachel is a depressed alcoholic with holes in her memory. She rides the train every day to create the illusion that she still has a job. On one of the stops that brings her close to her ex-husband’s home, Rachel stares out the train’s window at a happy couple. She has named them Jason and Jess and she dreams up all sorts of scenarios of their happy life. Rachel lives in fantasies, dreaming about other people’s joy because she has none of her own. One day, she spots Jess with another man, and all those fantasies fall apart. When Jess – real name Megan – soon goes missing and is presumed dead, Rachel takes it upon herself to investigate, because she knows about the other man. But Rachel’s not looking to help so much as she is looking for something to do. She wants – needs – to be a part of something bigger, something more. So, she weasels her way into other people’s lives, creating lies about how she knew the missing Jess/Megan, in an attempt to feel useful again.<br/><br/>The book is told in first-person from three different points of view: Rachel, Megan, and Anna the woman who stole away Rachel’s husband and lives the happy life she always wanted. Every character’s voice is different from the last and one never feels lost with the shifting first-person POV. It’s really well written. Perhaps most interestingly is that these different narratives are nonlinear, making the story into puzzle with a few pieces missing until the most opportune moment. This format is especially useful for creating tension as we come to the end and certain secrets are revealed. In fact, I’d say that the book’s finale is the best part, as the truth of the past comes to light at the same time that the characters in the present teeter on the edge of life and death.<br/><br/>I was struggling with something for most of the book but by the end I was sure of it: I don’t like anyone in this story. Not really. Everyone’s a liar, a cheat, and in some cases violent and malicious. Megan’s cheating on “Jason”, Rachel says she’s trying to do the right thing but she’s doing it for all the wrong reasons, Anna is mean-spirited and ugly, and almost all the men are controlling or potentially violent. I liked Rachel most out of the group because it’s clear she has issues and can’t always help herself. But I wouldn't ever want to know these people.<br/><br/>A friend on Goodreads compared ‘The Girl on the Train’ to Alfred Hitchcock’s ‘Rear Window’ and ‘The Lady Vanishes’. I had the exact same thought while reading the book. Like ‘Rear Window’, our Rachel views something from afar and only has a few of the necessary pieces to the mystery, but she can’t stop herself from getting involved. And like ‘The Lady Vanishes’… there’s a train and a lady vanishes. In a lot of ways, I think ‘The Girl on the Train’ would’ve made a good Hitchcock film. I think it works better as a mystery than it does as a thriller, personally. (Perhaps it’s worth noting that I read more thrillers than I do mysteries.) The twists in the mystery are unpredictable and I can honestly say that I didn’t see the end coming. If you want to call it a thriller, then I’d say that the tension could’ve been ramped up a bit. But as a whodunit, ‘The Girl on the Train’ is solid.<br/><br/>‘The Girl on the Train’ is an impressive debut. It’ll be interesting to see where Hawkins goes next.
Paula Hawkins is a new voice to the "Psychological Thriller" genre, and she jumps in with bang. "The Girl on the Train" revolves around the narration of three women and the three men they are involved with. The story is told by the three female characters.<br/><br/>Rachel Watson is a falling down drunk alcoholic. Her alcoholism, brought on by depression due to her inability to conceive a baby, has led to the loss of her job and the dissolution of her marriage. She has a place to live, due to the kindness of a friend, but she travels back and forth, daily, on the train from Ashbury to Euston on the outskirts of London, pretending to look for work. Each day she must travel past the home that she once shared with Tom, her ex-husband. A home Tom now shares with the woman he married after his divorce from Rachel. The woman with whom he carried on an affair. A woman, Anne, with which he now has a child.<br/><br/>A few houses down from where she once lived she daily observes the lives of the two people that now reside there. These two people, whom she has named Jess and Jason, are living the life she wishes Tom and she had lived. All's well until Rachel witnesses an event that will shatter their perfect life together.<br/><br/>Megan and Scott Hipwell are the real names of Jess and Jason, and Megan is missing. The police will suspect Scott is responsible. Rachel must tell someone about what she has seen in order to protect Scott. But will anyone believe an alcoholic. Rachel has her own secret. She was in Witney, the town where Tom and Anne, Scott and Megan live, on the night Megan disappeared. However, she can't remember what happened because she was falling down drunk and suffers from black outs. The only memory she has is of Tom trying to help her that night, right before Anne, his wife, gets into their car and they drive away.<br/><br/>Hawkins grips the read with a story that builds in tension as Rachel tries to overcome her addiction to alcohol in order to remember what happened the night Megan goes missing. By interjecting herself into the police investigation she opens old wounds and is the cause of new ones. The suspense deepens as Rachel bit by bit regains pieces of her memory of that fateful night.<br/><br/>Paula Hawkins, whom some are comparing to Gillian Flynn (Gone Girl), slowly builds up the tension until the mystery of Megan's disappearance comes to an explosive and unexpected end. Ms. Hawkins has the potential to become a bright new star in the literary firmament. The characters are well developed and the story pulls the reader along on a fantastic (Train) ride to a shock filled ending. This is a dark story with characters that are not well liked, but like voyeurs, the reader will want to look through the windows of their lives. A highly recommended read!
I normally don't write reviews for books that have anything over a few. I mean, what can a single person add when there are so many? It's all been said probably. Finding it is a problem, but it's all been said.<br/><br/>Either way, I feel compelled to say a few words about this book. It's a great first novel. That is, the story. The story is very creative and her telling of it, writing excluded, is engaging and makes you not wish to put it down until you're finished, which is fortunate because it's a short read. I read it yesterday, in fact. I'll add that I'm a slow reader and it took me from about 11:00 until about 2:00 a.m. with a few short interruptions. It was raining and I lazed about the house yesterday, but I digress. The point is that if you're a fast reader, you'll likely finish it much more quickly.<br/><br/>I don't understand this trend of "I look up and see *insert something here*... I am watching television... I am making tea.. I am standing in the doorway looking out..." I can't stand overly active first person novels. No one ever talks that way. Ever. I first noticed the overuse of that voice with Hunger Games. It annoyed me so much, that I didn't get past the first outdoor announcement scene. I couldn't stand it any longer. I got through this one, however. Perhaps because I simply had to see what was so Hitchcockian about it. I'm an enormous Hitchcock fan and it's a sure bet that if I hear a few people call it Hitchcockian, I'm going to do my darndest read it.<br/><br/>The second thing that bothers me is its predictability. I figured out, very early on, where this was going. On the other hand, to be completely fair, being a Hitchcock fan, I read a lot of mystery and suspense so I'm a bit more intuitive about it than say the average reader. Provided of course, that the author doesn't cheat. This one didn't so I applaud her for that. I hate cheats.<br/><br/>My best example of cheats is Matlock, the TV show from the 1980s. I still liked it, but there was no way anyone could ever figure it out because only at the end did Andy Griffith say, "So when you killed her, you slammed your arm in the doorway and broke this watch, which we found at the repair shop on 49th street." Well why didn't he tell US about the watch and the repair shop on 49th street?! Had I known, I would have figured it out too... maybe.<br/><br/>The point is that in this instance, Ms. Hawkins provides the bread crumbs, you just have to find the trail. That's always a good thing.<br/><br/>Story wise, I have one word to sum that up: WOW. It's not just the story, but her understanding of depression, unhappiness, misery and everything else in our lives. If she hasn't experienced all of these feelings before, then she deserves some sort of national book award for totally fooling us all.<br/><br/>Reading books in Kindle (yes, I have a point, just please bear with me now) has its benefits and drawbacks. There's nothing at all like smelling the new crisp paper pages of a brand new novel. You can see where you're at, where you're going. You can take it in public and read and it's proof that you're not reading some sort of smut and so on. However, Kindle has its benefits too. It's lightweight, you can have it on your phone in fact. You can take all your books with you anywhere and such. One thing too that Kindle does, at least in a couple of its apps (I don't think the phone) is see what other people highlighted in the book; that is, commonly highlighted. It's always fun to see what words touch a bunch of others.<br/><br/>The selected sentences in this book were truly great quotes on what is a grueling battle, for some of us, to get through life. For people who have either experienced it, or for those of us who have had family that has, it's a relief to see that they're not alone. It's kind of a kindred spirit.<br/><br/>As for the story itself, it's woven very well. Trying to explain the story to my mother and daughter, both blanched and said it was "overly complicated". That was interesting because when you're reading, it truly does not feel that way. It's easy to read, easy to follow and there is no confusion, but hearing myself explain it, it did sound complicated. That shows how clever Ms. Hawkins is with her writing. It's easy to understand.<br/><br/>All in all, I highly recommend it, even with it's minor shortcomings. It's a great first novel and I sincerely hope that Ms. Hawkins won't feel overwhelmed and cursed by it. From here on out, any novel she publishes will be under much scrutiny and compared to this one. I would just like to shake her hand and whisper in her ear that it was the same for Agatha Christie and look how prolific she is today.<br/><br/>Enjoy it everyone!
The reader must read carefully to make sure who (character) is narrating each chapter. The plot is so full of twists and turns, especially from main character Rachael. Rachael is alcohol dependent after suffering through a mind numbing divorce. Her ex-husband left her for a woman he was having an affair with while married to Rachael. And is living in the house he shared with Rachael - and did I mention that new wife was pregnant, and that Rachael was unable to become pregnant?? Rachael rides the train daily from her new home into London for work. Her former home is a stop on the train route, so she may be daily reminded of what she had and lost, as her street and home are visible from the train.<br/> Rachael's low self esteem, her drinking and  lack of memory  of her behavior during these binges, adds to the stresses that ended her marriage.<br/>She fantasizes about a couple on her former street, as she often sees them from the train. She has never met them, but gives them names, occupations and their own personalities. She becomes emotionally involved in this fantasy, and when the woman she calls 'Jess' disappears, Rachael's delusions draw her into the mystery. Rachel contacts her ex husband, Tom with obnoxious consistency. She often calls when drinking and hopes she can break up the marriage that ended hers. She does not see Tom as the philandering, faithless husband her was. Guided by her low self esteem, and Tom's slick talk, Rachael blames herself for the divorce. Her increased drinking has caused her memory blackouts, which contribute to the complexity of the story. She was present in the area the day that 'Jess':, who we know now is named Megan, disappeared. As she tries to unlock her memory, fill in the blanks and make sense of what she remembers, she is drawn into the police investigation. Her inappropriate decisions regarding harassing Tom and his new wife, along with her own probe into Megan's disappearance, puts her in danger.<br/>Although slow at times, the novel is compelling enough to keep the reader interested.What is fact? What is fantasy? When Megan's body is discovered sever weeks after he disappearance, there are several suspects, including Rachael. As Rachael starts to recover her memory she is in more danger than she thought possible. The twists and turns unravel to bring the story to its exciting conclusion.
Do you enjoy a good physiological who dun it?  Need that fix of the dark and suspenseful?  Don’t mind some seriously messed up people?  This book is for you.  I started it is and found that after 20% I couldn’t put it down, I wanted to know what was happening.<br/><br/>This book tells the story of a woman gone missing from the POV of three women who as time goes on it becomes quite clear are more than they seem.<br/><br/>I found myself disappointed in the characters multiple time through out the story but the author was crafty enough to take the disappointment and disgust and mellow it out and make you want to read more, learn more about them.  I found myself thinking constantly after 50% “What is wrong with these people!??!”<br/><br/>Rachel is the first woman we are introduced to and we see through her POV that she has crafted lives and personalities for the man and woman she sees each morning on the train to London.  She names them and stories for them, a rather innocuous thing that many of us make a game out of when we are people watching.  This takes a horrible turn into the sad and pathetic realm when a devastating revelation comes about that has Rachel wanting to immerse herself more into their lives.<br/><br/>I did not see the ending coming early on, I was just as perplexed as several characters in the book. As the story unfolds and the clues get placed before you and the reality becomes clear you soon learn that some people are just messed the eff up in the head.<br/><br/>A must read if you like a good psychological thriller and this one focuses the story around the women involved.  In fact I was reading this when I watched Gone Girl for the first time (never read the book) and it gave me that same people are messed up and omg feel.
The Girl On The Train is NOT Hitchcockian. It is NOTHING like Gillian Flynn whom I worship and adore. And it is definitely not something to "devour" as one Amazon reviewer put it -- unless you're interested in a squashed half eaten danish someone abandoned on a subway platform.<br/><br/>I don't like writing negative reviews but this book was so exasperating I had to purge some of my frustration.<br/><br/>The Girl On The Train is told in the first person by Rachel -- a raving mad, gin swigging, drunk dialing divorcee who goes to work everyday on a train that travels past her old residence which is now occupied by her ex-husband Tom, his wife Anna and their bouncing baby girl.  The train even slows when it approaches this particular house allowing Rachel to see right through the windows into the nursery's frosting pink walls! (This is such a preposterous coincidence however I wanted to like the book so I read on.) Our delicate heroine is almost always slouched over and half plastered by the time the train reaches her old house so she invariably launches into a merciless gin-fueled diatribe, verbally attacking Anna and lamenting her husband's absence. The only thing that can distract her from her tirade is if she notices men on the train ogling her -- since a drunk and disheveled woman in need of a bath can apparently hold a lot of allure for some men. The only times we are not forced to endure Rachel's wrath, her fanatical ramblings and hallucinatory suitors  are when she is peering into another house almost adjacent to `that of her ex-husbands. She is equally obsessed with the residents of this house and calls them Jason and Jess. Jason and Jess are apparently hedonistic and jobless, always out on their terrace embracing lasciviously or idly sunbathing with cocktails. (Apparently they are related to the Kardashians.) And how Rachel envies and adores them! She marvels at what a perfectly blissful life they lead. At how obviously besotted they are with one another. Rachel is so enamored with them that when she suddenly witnesses Jess kissing ANOTHER man she becomes so incensed and unhinged she must toss back all the booze in her handbag. How could Jess betray her like that!  That wanton tart just shattered her fantasy of true love! Rachel keeps chugging back gin until she vomits on her roommates rug and winds up naked with amnesia.<br/><br/>It is around this point that the author allows you inside the mind of Jess, whose real name is Megan. Thank goodness, I thought. Finally a break from that embittered, cantankerous maniac on the train. BUT NO! It turns out Megan is even more unsavory than Rachel. Megan is bored. Megan is surly. Megan is a narcissistic nymphomaniac who spends her days sunbathing and making passes at her therapist.<br/><br/>So Hawkin's alternates between Rachel and Megan's narratives until suddenly something bad happens to somebody and frankly, I couldn't care less. I started to realize after about 150 pages that there wasn't one person in the entire book with any redeeming or interesting qualities whatsoever. Rachel's roommate Cathy, Tom, Anna, Megan's therapist etc...all are dour and insufferable. In addition to that most of the characters are practically indistinguishable from one another. They're so flimsy -- so cheesecloth thin that they don't even appear when they have dialogue.<br/><br/>I wanted to read The Girl On The Train because I adore thrillers. My favorite authors in this genre are Gillian Flynn, Patricia Highsmith, Ruth Rendell and Stephen King. These astonishing writers not only populate their novels with diverse and incredibly animate characters but they know how to ensnare you. They drench you in suspense until your soaked and streaming and stomping in it. You can toss your umbrella into the gutter because it's useless. The Girl On The Train leaks suspense so slowly it barely gets your socks wet.<br/><br/>Also I have nothing against a drunk, damaged or deranged heroine. I love dysfunction but it can't just run amok like a irritable toddler let loose in the Pentagon. I think the best dysfunction actually has extraordinary structure and efficiency:<br/><br/>Gone Girl<br/>Dark Places<br/>Sharp Objects<br/>The Woman Upstairs<br/>The Shining<br/>Misery<br/>The Collector<br/>Anna Karenina<br/>A Judgement In Stone<br/><br/>All of these novels are chock full of dysfunction but they have remarkable foresight and intrigue and characters that you'd swear would stumble into your rose bushes at 3AM. Hawkin's characters all just seemed to blur into one big blob of splitting rage, snarling lips and twinkling tears...<br/><br/>The Girl On The Train isn't awful. It does arrive somewhere (I won't divulge where) however it takes a lot of patience. If you're determined to board this one bring snacks. Bring headphones or a sketch pad or come to think of it....bring another novel.
www.melissa413readsalot.blogspot.com<br/><br/>Where do I even begin about this book! I loved it of course as I have rated it 5 stars. This was a complex journey through the lives of people that seem so normal from the outside. But things are never what they seem.<br/><br/>THERE WILL BE SOME SPOILERS AFTER THIS POINT!!!<br/><br/>The book is told through three different lives: Rachel, Megan and Anna. Rachel seems to be the alcoholic loser that can't get over her husband Tom leaving her. I feel very sorry for Rachel. All she wanted was to have a child with her husband. Because she wasn't able to conceive she went into a deep depression which turned her into an alcoholic. Her husband Tom was an a..hole who wouldn't help her in any way. He could have tried all kinds of counseling with her, but he leaves her. Of course this doesn't help with her drinking. She is just a sad person living with a woman named Cathy and trying to get by. She just can't cope over not having a child and losing her husband. It's been two years and she's just lost and drinking so much that she loses her job. But instead of telling Cathy this, she still rides the train every morning and evening, pretending she still has a job. This train just happens to go by her old house and she watches her ex husband with his new wife and baby. She also watches another couple a few houses down. She makes up names for them and dreams of their perfect life. It's a little bizarre, but so is life.<br/><br/>The name of the couple in the house down from Rachel's old house is Megan and Scott. They are not the happy couple Rachel dreams they are. Megan is not happy with Scott and is having an affair. Scott is a bit of a control freak and scary.<br/><br/>Rachel is always calling her ex trying to get him to come back to her. She shows up at their house sometimes. Just crazy things she does when she is drunk. One night she goes out there to see him but is so drunk she can't remember much of anything that happened. She knows she finds her way home with blood on her and that a man helped her up when she fell to the ground. She finds out the next day that Megan is missing. This takes us on a wild ride of Rachel trying to find out what happened to Megan. She was there that night where Megan was last seen. She wonders if she did something to her or if she saw someone that did. She blacked out and can't remember much at all.<br/><br/>Rachel gets caught up in trying to find out this mystery. She stops calling and bothering her ex husband Tom as much since she's got something else to worry about. This makes Anna, Tom's wife, happier but she still has stress and hatred for Rachel.<br/><br/>I have to say I didn't like Anna at all through the whole book! I thought she was a horrible person. When finding out she was having an affair with Rachel's husband the whole time just confirmed it. Then she eventually marries him. But not all is wonderful in this little world of people.<br/><br/>Rachel befriends Megan's husband Scott trying to find out what is going on and help him with his pain. She told him Megan was seeing another man, her therapist. She's trying to keep the police from thinking he did it.<br/><br/>The whole book has you wondering if Rachel might have killed Megan thinking she was Anna since they look similar in appearance. But then things start to fall into place and it's a dramatic ending that I didn't see coming. I loved the ending. I just loved it. Justice was done for all involved, in a sense.<br/><br/>I loved this book and I hope to read more from this author. She did an awesome job!
This book was great for that: taking me out of my own crazy life and into the even crazier lives of Hawkin's characters in The Girl on the Train.<br/>This book is being touted as the next Gone Girl, making me expect a little different. But I guess it is because it is dark, and readable, and one of those mysteries where there's a plethora of possible bad guys, keeping you guessing until the very end.<br/><br/>The main character, our very flawed protagonist, is Rachel. Rachel is divorced and depressed. She rides the train daily into London, although she has no reason because she lost her job in London. She does this to fool her landlady/old friend, because she doesn't want her to know that she's unemployed.<br/><br/>What does Rachel do all day? Pretty much drinks and rides the train, wondering where her life went wrong and about her ex-husband Tom and his new wife, Anna. And their baby. Living in the home she and Tom picked out and lived in before the divorce.<br/><br/>Oh, the train she rides? She can see the house from the train.<br/><br/>Because the train often stops at just the right point, Rachel is forced to stare down the street (she doesn't sit on the other side of or further back on the train for a host of psychological reasons, I'm sure). Instead of really driving her self crazy by waiting for Anna and the baby to appear, Rachel focuses on the couple that lives right off the train and often sit on their balcony. She names them, creates a back story, and pretty much lives her life through the fiction she's created for them.<br/><br/>And then the female lead (Megan) in her narrative goes missing, and Rachel becomes part of the story (a drunken night stalking her old neighborhood). If that's not enough for her, she entwines herself further in the investigation.<br/><br/>The book is told mostly through Rachel, but parts are also told through Megan and Anna. It's a story of depression and alcoholism, and what those things can make you believe about yourself.<br/><br/>(Very, very light spoiler):  The Girl on the Train is story of the worst things love can do to you, and about what a woman will believe when she's in love. But it might not be just a woman thing. We're taught to trust our mates, and that trust can be twisted until we don't know ourselves.<br/><br/>I loved this one, so much so that I bought it in hardback so I could share it. Read it! I tore through it in about a day midweek--and I was working during that day! I give it 5 stars. And that says a lot.
A hugely hyped thriller, so what is it that makes it so suspenseful?<br/><br/>Rachel is a commuter travelling into Euston, London, from the Northwestern Home Counties, who idles away her time on the train into London by peering into the lives of others in the houses abutting the railway lines. And the serried ranks of urban housing certainly feed her fertile imagination, notwithstanding that one of the houses she passes everyday is the house in which she lived with her former husband Tom. He has moved Anna in, and together they now have a daughter, Evie. It is a daily reminder to Rachel of the relationship she has lost. Five houses down from her earlier home, in the very same row on Blenheim Street, she regularly observes a couple interacting in their garden, and she personalises them by inventing names for them, Jess and Jason (in actual fact Megan and Scott Hipwell).<br/><br/>But Rachel has alcohol problems, and although she continues the commute into and out of London, she no longer has a job to go to. She was fired for being drunk. But one day she sees Jess being caressed by someone in the garden who isn’t Jason, and shortly thereafter, Jess goes missing. Rachel is desperate to get involved in the search for the missing woman, at last she has a mission, at last she can be of some use to someone – Tom planted the notion with her that she is fat, a drunkard and pretty useless. But because of these alcohol excesses she seems to be a rather unreliable witness and finds herself sidelined by most of the people who are at the centre of this drama. However, the more she is rejected, the more she is driven to insinuate herself into the vagaries of the investigation.<br/><br/>It is a gripping read and generally deserving of the fulsome praise. The short sentences and short chapters often feel clipped, which on the one hand can feel limiting, but on the other mirrors the stop/start of a typical commuter train’s progress into a congested London station. The train compartments are hot, they are steamy when it rains, there is little standing room… it is life writ large of the London-bound commuter.<br/><br/>But for me the book comes with a proviso. The main female players all essentially come from a similar mould, they are all  seem to be (as Anna says of Megan) “absent and self-involved“, and not distinctively fleshed out to really stand out as individuals.  They all have the capacity to dissociate from their lives, which then ripples back to the reader, I found it a struggle to really connect with the characters. I am also not overly keen on endings where characters gather together to reflect on what has been going on and then drop the final clues into place to make a cohesive ending.<br/><br/>This book comes with a warning if you are going to read it on a train! Enjoy!
“In the morning, I take the 8:04, and in the evening, I come back on the 5:56. That’s my train. It’s the one I take. That’s the way it is.”<br/><br/>Sheer brilliance. That’s what this book is. I am in awe.<br/><br/>I had the great honor of meeting the author, Paula Hawkins, a couple of months ago. Naturally, I was excited to read Rachel’s story after listening to her discuss this book and the voyage that led to it. Nothing, I mean nothing could have prepared me for what I just read.<br/>I think Rachel is one of the most interesting and complex characters I have come across in some time. She is just a woman like any other. Sad, downtrodden and defeated by the everyday cruelties of life, but a woman nonetheless. A bit pathetic and definitely lonely, she spends entirely too much time in her head. As we are introduced to Rachel and her current state, it is painfully clear that this poor thing is about to take us on a harrowing journey.<br/><br/>One of the things that make this book so remarkable is that each character has great depth. They all have a story. As their truths are exposed, you become more and more entrenched in the story. This plot was more realistic than I think we want to acknowledge. Knowing that there are people out there who are this sad and desperate… and common. It makes me look at everyone I see a little differently.<br/><br/>The settings for most of the book are almost claustrophobic. There is a stifling sense of dreariness throughout the story. I loved the moments when Rachel was on the train. I loved the symbolism. We heard this story from multiple points of view. This added another layer of profundity to the mystery.<br/><br/>In the end, there is a mystery to be solved. The character development and the world building is so fascinating that one might forget that if the writing wasn't so brilliant. So the mystery… I had no idea who was guilty. I really didn't. I went back and forth several times suspecting each and every one of them. But what it came down to is that you were not going to know until the author was good and ready to tell you. And when the killer was revealed? WOW. Just Wow.<br/><br/>Even after the mystery is answered this book held me for just a few more pages and offered a couple more twists. I actually smiled at the wickedness of the revelations.<br/><br/>6 stars and a gin & tonic for this dazzling book! Here’s to many more to come!
Having skimmed through a few of the reviews for Girl on the Train, the theme seems to be the inability of many readers to relate to the characters, especially Rachel. Honestly, there are few redeeming qualities in each of the characters. Because EVERY SINGLE ONE of them has secrets and fears that drive them, you learn pretty early on not to trust the reliability of any of them.<br/><br/>Thereâ€™s the drunk, the liar, the cheater, another liar, another cheater, and yet another cheater.<br/><br/>Hereâ€™s the thing, though, I feel like some of us can definitely relate to Rachel, even if we donâ€™t actually live through being cheated on, being barren, a divorce, the loss of a job all within two years. But arenâ€™t those some of the main fears of just being a woman? Hasnâ€™t any woman woken up in the middle of the night in tears because sheâ€™s dreamed sheâ€™s lost her significant other? Hasnâ€™t any woman reached over to hold him to reassure herself itâ€™s just a dream?<br/><br/>I can see the overwhelming desire just to give up. I can see the need to create something beautiful with the wisp of something seen, especially every day. I can even understand the desperate need to separate from that kind of reality with a little drink.<br/><br/>And, a few times, I completely felt for Rachel when she questions her sanity. To pick yourself up after a such devastationâ€¦well, youâ€™re gonna slide a few times.<br/><br/>Has no one ever met a man like Tom? I have. Those guys do exist. They never lay a finger on you, but you feel crazy by the end. Seriously, girls, you need to read this to recognize the character and avoid him like the plague.<br/><br/>Donâ€™t forget Anna. The woman, despite getting everything she wanted, holds a generous bit of anger, dipped into naivety, wrapped around a cold steel core. Women like this, you are out there, even if you never admit it, you know.<br/><br/>Meganâ€¦well, she will have to tell you her story.<br/><br/>These are not nice people. But that makes the story gripping. (After you get through Rachelâ€™s day-to-day descriptions that really move you through her mind, one drunk night after another.)<br/><br/>Yes, I would describe it as Hitchcockian. Yes, the plot is comparable to Rear Window. But stick three unreliable narrators and no voice of reason and you get to feel the slippery slope of madness.
An intricately crafted glimpse of a character tethered loosely to life, a world shattered and skewed by odds normally conceived as surmountable, an everyday-type tragedy that ordinary people face and overcome daily, but 'The Girl On The Train' cannot, she cannot rise above the ache of her divorce, she cannot find courage, she cannot move on. This portrait of suffering is so richly developed in this tale, so poignantly embroidered that the raw pain of rejection etches the pages as if scalded by a hot needle drawn across tender skin. The protagonist is not even likable, but she is, nevertheless, irresistible because the author so cleverly yanks pieces of every reader and tosses them into the traits of this anti-heroine until she becomes utterly personal, we've all felt her angst, if not as keenly.<br/>Rachel is an ugly drunk, she sneaks canned gin-and-tonic onto the morning train, she abuses her best friend's hospitality and she is winding herself into the knot of homeless-vagrant at speed. She fumbles, falls and creates chaos wherever she goes, she also lives in a uniquely conjured imaginary world:- she devises a fantasy existence for a couple she often spies from the solitary window of her commuter train compartment. She names the couple, emotes unrealistic affection at them, and believes they fit her ideal of what love is meant to be. Cunningly, this couple lives only doors away from her ex and his new lady-love and cherub toddler. Ah what a setting, so filled with the possibility of destructive force. Yes, force, an entire vortex of swirling mayhem sprinkled to glitter the scene and tantalize the reader.<br/>The author not only masters the sense of intrigue brilliantly, but she peppers it with eloquent descriptions of location, environment and the protagonist's state of mind. This aspect is so subtly handled that the scene is lodged in the reader's mind as if by magic, the reader is pulled into the story with all senses tingling: aroma, hue, shade and drama are brushed in at ever layer. This is an accomplished dramatist, and the thrill of the technique will keep the reader flipping the pages well into the night.<br/>The story rotates around a sighting Rachel makes of her dream girl that shocks her and pushes her into the reality of her make-believe couple, she has information that could solve a crime, and suddenly she acquires a personality, she starts to shape up and 'fix' herself. This is the true fulcrum of the tale, the turning point that puts the reader on Rachel's side, prompts the reader to 'root' for her and 'like' her.<br/>Ultimately the thriller aspect, for me at least, takes a backseat to the character development and the emotional see-saw ride created by the shifting emotions in the story, the whodunit aspect becomes less important, there is a whole book to read rather than only a climax to tie up the story. I enjoyed reading it immensely even if I imagined it would end differently.
The Girl on the Train took me for one wild ride.  And I could not put the book down until it was over!<br/><br/>On her long train commute into London each day, Rachel likes to pass the time watching people at their homes.  She takes a special interest in a young couple that she often observes enjoying morning coffee on their balcony near the tracks, whom she nicknames Jess and Jason.  Because her own life is in shambles, Rachel likes to imagine that Jess and Jason are living a romantic, idyllic life.  Then one morning, in the moment in which her train passes their home, Rachel sees something that will become imperative to the investigation when Jess goes missing.  Unfortunately, the police are skeptical of Rachel’s reliability because of her own dubious life choices.<br/><br/>Set in the outskirts of London, Hawkins describes a neighborhood near the train tracks that is easy to imagine, but the city never really pops off the page.<br/><br/>Fortunately in this story, the setting is not nearly as important as the characters and Hawkins has done a superb job of developing a protagonist who manages to be sympathetic despite a number of believable flaws.  Rachel has made a mess of her own life, but the reader can’t help but root for her to dig herself out.  The supporting cast is also full of interesting characters.  The downside is that most of them are difficult to respect.<br/><br/>As Rachel is drawn further into the case, the plot clips along at a rapid pace.  Several characters emerge as viable suspects and even Rachel herself may be guilty of something.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is a compelling psychological thriller.  I recommend you read it over a few days when you do not have any other pressing tasks as you just might ignore everything else until you have reached the final page.
If you add a little bit of Hitchcock’s REAR WINDOW and Flynn’s GONE GIRL mystique you will find the suspense and intrigue in Paula Hawkins’ THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is a thriller readers won’t want to put down.  Hawkins introduces her main protagonist, Rachel Watson to her readers sharing her backstory and when needed provides more details.  Paula Hawkins will thrill fans of Hitchcock and Flynn’s writing and  won’t be disappointed as they read THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN.<br/><br/>Rachel travels round trip from Ashbury to London.  THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN, storyline begins with Rachel looking out her train window and seeing her former home.  Hawkins introduces the support characters Megan and Anna who live in the houses Rachel’s train passes each day.  The author delivers her suspense thriller in the point of view of these three women.  Rachel is dealing with personal issues and drinking blackouts , Megan has secrets from her past and an affair, and Anna is  Rachel’s ex-husband’s wife.  Anna and Tom, Rachel’s ex-husband, and Megan and her husband Scott live in the two houses Rachel is watching<br/><br/>When Megan suddenly disappears, Rachel knows something about her disappearance but her drinking and blackouts make everything she says suspect.  Hawkins continues to give readers Megan thoughts giving them background leading to her disappearance..  The author show Anna’s anger towards Rachel when Anna exposes Rachel drinking problem to tells everyone including the police.  Hawkins helps  describes Rachel’s inner strength, even with everyone doubting Rachel doesn’t give up looking for answers.  When Rachel begins remembering things she knows something is  how it seems at Anna and Megan home.  Hawkins keeps her readers guessing  what Rachel remembers and who is responsible for Megan’s disappearance.  Tension and intrigue build suspense adding to Hawkin’s thriller.  THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN  delivers a psychological thriller gripping her readers and making them hold their breath  to the unpredictable ending.  Paula Hawkins’ THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is a must read and earns a 5 star ranking.
Last summer I was taking the train from upstate New York into the city to see my brother and his fiance. Rolling through the Hudson Valley in August is a treat- the verdant hills and woods, the starkness of the cliffs against the blue sky. It’s one of the prettiest train rides there is, right alongside the river, and I spent most of the trip leaning against the window, watching it all roll by. As you get closer in to the city, Westchester County in particular, you see more homes, villages and eventually the suburbs transition to an urbanized atmosphere by the time you reach Yonkers. As you pass the homes, the apartments, the offices, you see people going about their lives- coming and going, working and playing and it’s easy to imagine what their lives must be like beyond what you see in the moment. Did the man in the suit leaving the office just close a deal? Is he on his way home to surprise his wife early? Is he leaving to meet his mistress? Maybe just going out to lunch? Then you roll past and the moment is over and you don’t give it another thought.<br/><br/>That’s not the case for Rachel, the protagonist and primary narrator of “The Girl on the Train,” a novel by Paula Hawkins. Rachel commutes into London on a daily basis from it’s outer suburbs and so sees some of the same people every day for weeks and months, and so she develops her own narratives for them and they become, in a way, real-life imaginary friends. Until she sees something that shatters her fantasy.<br/><br/>From there the novel unfolds as a mystery/thriller, not unlike Gillian Flynn’s “Gone Girl,” as Rachel becomes involved with the lives of those whose lives she’s witnessed in small moments from the train. Like Flynn did with “Gone Girl,” Hawkins uses more than one narrator so as a reader, we see different perspectives on the events and, critically, that means that we cannot trust any of them as far as providing us with a reliable account of what has actually occurred. They are also not all presented in order, and so we jump back and forth over a period of about a year (though most of the action takes place over the summer of 2013). Each chapter and even sections within each chapter are clearly identified as to when they take place, but sometimes I needed to flip back a page or two to double check whenever a different narrator took over to make sure I had events lined up properly. The mystery at the heart of the story is good and Hawkins does a very nice job of taking the reader through each clue with a steady pacing so that there’s never really a point where the story feels like it’s jumping too fast or where I felt it plodded along slowly. I had it mostly figured out by the time of the big reveal, but it was handled well and still enjoyable.<br/><br/>The thing that I appreciated the most about the story was the character of Rachel. She is a flawed but realistic character, one that I’ve identified more with than maybe any in any book I’ve read in a long time. Rachel is a young (30-ish) professional with a serious drinking problem that makes her perhaps the most unreliable of the three narrators, though as the primary character, the one the reader must rely on the most. Hawkins has captured alcoholism in a way that I found myself nodding along to as I reflected on my own drinking habits, from the false compromises one makes to the seemingly uncontrollable need to put alcohol before almost anything else. Rachel’s struggle is both finding out the truth at the center of the plot while trying to manage her alcoholism, depression and financial situation. When she describes blackouts, I’ve been there. When she describes having to wake up and try and get through another day with a hangover, I’ve been there. Trying to hide your drinking from those you live with, hiding bottles, I’ve been there. And so I empathized with Rachel in a way that is deeply personal, and brought back memories of my own journey (as of this writing I have 362 days sober).<br/><br/>One of my own shortcomings as a reader is that I haven’t always made an effort to get outside of my comfort zone when it comes to what I read, in particular books written by women or with women as central characters. I grew up as a reader on Michael Crichton and Tom Clancy before falling hard for Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Wodehouse and others in the Highly Regarded White Men category. I also started reading a lot more non-fiction, and again, dominated by folks like Erik Larson, Christopher Hitchens, David McCullough, etc. This isn’t to say their work isn’t good or worthwhile, but if that’s all you read it’s incredibly limiting and eventually repetitive. So I’ve been trying to break out of that, specifically trying to read more books by people who don’t look like me or have the same kind of cultural background that I do. Recent efforts here include “The Goldfinch” by Donna Tartt; “In the Light of What We Know” by Zia Haider Rahman; “Zealot,” by Reza Aslan; “Gone Girl,” by Gillian Flynn and now “The Girl on the Train.” The three central characters, Rachel, Anna and Megan, are all well developed and through the course of the novel all are revealed to have their virtues and their flaws, and the book certainly passes the Bechdel test. Even more minor characters like Cathy, Rachel’s roommate, feel as though they could exist with their own lives outside of the central story. In this regard, “The Girl on the Train” was terrific, and for something that I hope makes me more empathetic to the variety of experiences people have.<br/><br/>Overall, I definitely recommend “The Girl on the Train,” especially for the way Hawkins handles Rachel and her alcoholism. I think it’s reflective of the experience and if you have someone in your life or if you have struggled with alcohol, it will probably resonate strongly. The novel also deals with topics such as domestic violence, the struggle of moving on from a relationship and ultimately how much we know about our friends, our family and our neighbors.<br/><br/>Next up on my list is “Americanah” by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. If you have any recommendations or have read “The Girl on the Train” and want to weigh in, leave something in the comments (no spoilers)!
I haven't finished a book so quickly since Gone Girl. It's very different then Gone Girl but it gives the same knot in the stomach & "what is happening" feeling. After reading some of the reviews here, scratching my head over the weak woman comments. Here is the thing, I'm sick of the over-the-top kick arse women in books. Give up the ghost already readers. Most of us aren't heroes, wickedly smart or badass arse kickers. This book depicts a lonely, divorced women that suffered a big loss in her family, the loss of the unborn child. She spirals into alcoholism & her decent is suffocating & dark. So much so, don't think I had one drink while reading this book. She isn't weak, she suffers & we get to about her inability to come out of it. Its very real & that perhaps unnerves people more than the ghost of believing ALL women are strong at ALL times. Its pure BS that women need to be invincible & perfect for them to matter. Oh & by the way if you love reading about bullshaiters this book has plenty of them. The mystery of it can be a rabbit hole at times but each chapter brings a new piece of the story. Each chapter covers the POV of the women involved in the story. Megan, Rachel (the main character) & Anna. Each woman adds a bit of more information to the mystery. Thats why I plowed through this book in less than a week. IMO the mystery if fun, addictive but what really kept me reading was Rachel. Her story, her POV & her alcoholism, her depression, & obsession. She isn't likable, don't think she is meant to likable, she inspires pity. What is redemptive about her she is vulnerable & she is one of those characters that gets under your skin. She is an anti-hero. When you close the book, you'll still be interested in her story.
There are certainly comparisons to be made between "The Girl on the Train" by Paula Hawkins and "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn, but "Gone Girl" it isn't.  I found Paula Hawkins' book both engaging and a page-turner, but it doesn't have the depth and complexity of "Gone Girl." There is a missing woman, a distraught and angry husband, neighbors who are interested in her whereabouts, but none as interested as the character of Rachel.<br/><br/>Rachel rides the train to and from work every day into and out of London, but unbeknownst to her landlady and others, she has been fired for showing up drunk at work and causing a commotion that cost her her job.  As the train heads for London, it stops near her old home that she shared with her ex-husband who now lives there with his new wife and baby.  Rachel was unable to have children and feels that she has no worth as a woman.  She solves her problems with alcohol to the point where she blacks out and can't remember what happened to her.<br/><br/>A few doors from her old house she notices from the train's window a young couple, and Rachel begins to fantacize about their perfect lives together.  She even gives them names.  "Jason" and "Jess" look so happy that Rachel could step right into their lives, but one day she sees "Jess", who is really Megan, out in the yard kissing someone who is not her husband.  When Megan goes missing Rachel steps up her interest in this couple to try to find out what happened to her. Rachel has very vivid and frightening dreams related to the situation that keep her from sleep and give her yet another reason to drink.<br/><br/>The story is told from the viewpoints of Rachel, Megan and Anna, who is Rachel's ex-husband's wife.  All three change their stories around just enough to allow the police to know they are lying and to be suspicious of Rachel because she won't leave her ex-husband and his family alone.  She decides to "help" Megan's husband. All three women are rather pathetic, lost and flawed people who are looking for something to make their lives worthwhile.<br/><br/>It's an interesting mystery that kept me reading and I read it in two sittings.  If you liked "Gone Girl" the characters in this book might seem less developed and the story not as intriguing, but it's worth a try.
Reviewers have called this a "psychological thriller."  I agree with the "psychological" aspect but not the "thriller."  To me a "thriller" is a book with beginning-to-end action, lots of physical antics, murders, mayhem - and the like.  Something like the works of Tom Clancy, David Baldacci, some John Grisham.  I used to enjoy this type of book, but the action often overwhelmed the story and the characters.  Instead I prefer books with an emphasis on psychological ruminations.  Karin Fossum does this beautifully for Norwegian mysteries, Ruth Rendall for English mysteries.  And Paula Hawkins does it in spades with "Girl on the Train."<br/><br/>What intrigues me about "The Girl..." is that so much of the "action" goes on in the minds of the main characters - Rachel, Megan, and Anna.  Their thoughts lead into the action rather than the other way around.  A great joy in reading is getting inside the heads of the characters, and that definitely happens in this novel.  Whenever I anticipated spending time with this book I wondered what anxieties, fantasies, misdirected concerns would occur next.  Not all the protagonists' thoughts were unrealized.  It's just that, as in life, it's often hard to distinguish truth from fantasy in anyone's thinking.  My favorite quote is from Deborah Eisenberg, who says, "I don't think things are ever exactly the way one expects, and I don't think things are ever the way one assumes they are at the moment.  What I actually think is that one has no idea what things are really like, ever."<br/><br/>In some books, everyone lives happily ever after; in others, the main characters end up as disasters.  But there is a third way, which is usually much more satisfying - 4-1/2 going on 5 stars.
In Paula Hawkins’ novel The Girl on the Train, Rachel rides the train back and forth between London and the suburb where she lives. She reveals herself to us with each trip. We see her creating stories in her mind about a couple she sees each day near one of the stops on the way to London and again as she travels home. We become as keen to see what this couple is up to as Rachel is.<br/>We see that Rachel is drinking. Although at first it seems casual we soon understand that it is somewhat serious. Eventually we realize that Rachel is an alcoholic.<br/><br/>Three women tell this story which begins with a tiny grave by some railroad tracks, a woman in some kind of extremely frightening situation, and a small pile of dirty clothing by the side of the rails that Rachel rides each day. Talk about foreshadowing. As we switch back and forth between glimpses of their lives at first we only see what Rachel sees. Rachel has very good reasons to stalk this particular set of town houses that back up to the train tracks. She once lived happily in one of those houses with her husband Tom.<br/><br/>Just as a train picks up pace each time it leaves a station, this story is fleshed out each time we travel with Rachel past those Blenheim Road town houses. Rachel begins as a stalker but eventually she doesn’t keep her distance from these two couples, Anne and her ex, Tom and the “perfect” couple, Jess and Jason (actually Megan and Scott). When Megan goes missing on the exact Saturday that Rachel arrives back from a Blenheim Road “stalking” expedition with bleeding injuries and no memory of what she did that night, Rachel’s need to fill in those missing hours reveals truths about all three women and also about the men these women love. As a consequence of Rachel’s bumbling attempts to get answers, we, the readers, get to go along for a mind boggling, goose-flesh-raising, and tangled ride.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins is engrossing and leads you on a very modern trip on a rather old-style train. When I am not thinking that Rachel may have done something unpardonable, I am thinking how much this book is like Alfred Hitchcock’s Rear Window with legs. (Yes, the Jimmy Stewart movie.) Your trust in humanity may suffer a bit as this one unravels. This novel gets full marks because, while perhaps not deeply literary, it is well written and obviously has great mass market appeal. It is difficult to put it down.
I was curious about The Girl on the Train as my Goodreads friends have given it a wide array of star ratings. I found this novel to be a quintessential psychological thriller. By that I mean the vast majority of the story is told from the minds of 3 characters. This was risky business as at least 2 of them, Megan and Anna, are unlikable. Many probably dislike the third character, Rachel, who is the main protagonist, as well. The author Ms. Paula Hawkins made it work, however, as she did a terrific job with character development. By understanding why they did what they did, I found I was able to overlook the basic unsavoriness of these 3 women and connect with them all.<br/><br/>Another thing I really liked was the edginess of the read. From early on the atmosphere was eerily foreboding. You just knew something bad was going to happen, but you didn’t know what and you didn’t know when. The author took her time with the story, slowly building up the tension, giving the reader bits and pieces of info along the way. Some readers may feel impatient with this, but I loved the mood and the slower pace.<br/><br/>The protagonist was on the train A LOT. This could be off putting to some, but to me, the train was simply another character and I liked the “flavor” it brought to the story.<br/><br/>One feature I wasn’t terribly fond of was the switching back and forth of time frames. Initially, this was confusing to me, but once I started to really pay attention to the chapter headings, I could better follow it.<br/><br/>In summary, I very much enjoyed the book, which was amazingly a debut effort. I did take off a star as it was not unputdownable at any point; I credit this to the slower pace. That is by no means a deal breaker, however, and I highly recommend The Girl on the Train for all fans of psychological thrillers. I look forward to Ms. Hawkins next novel.
This author has achieved something many authors have not attempted.  She created a book with obnoxious, highly flawed characters, yet she held the readers attention throughout.<br/><br/>"The Girl On The Train," is written in three voices, that of Rachel, Megan, and Anna, with that of Rachel being the most vocal.  Rachel is an alchoholic and a liar.  She was once married to Tom.  Anna is now married to Tom, and they have a baby, Evie.  In one scene, Rachel enters their home, the home she once lived in with Tom, and she takes the sleeping Evie from her cot and walks off with her.  Anna awakes and, frantic, goes off in search of Evie, finding her blocks away, wailing in the arms of Rachel.  Rachel lies to her, telling her that Evie was crying, and she picked her up to comfort her.  Anna wants to have her charged with kidnapping, but Tom refuses, saying he feels sorry for her.<br/><br/>Rachel is "The Girl On The Train."  She takes the train to London each morning, and from her window seat she can see Anna and Tom's house, and another house not far from their house occupied by a young, good-looking couple.  She fantasizes about this couple, and names them Jesse and Jason.  When Jesse goes missing, she learns that their real names are Megan and Scott.  Eventually, Megan's battered body is found in a shallow grave in the woods.  Rachel is determined to find out who killed her.<br/><br/>Before Megan was married to Scott, she lived with Mac and she harbored a dark secret that she revealed to her therapist.  Rachel saw her kissing her therapist on her patio from the train.  She told the police.  The police don't consider Rachel a reliable witness.  Anna told the police that Rachel was in the neighborhood when Megan went missing.  Rachel doesn't remember this because she has blackouts from her frequent drinking bouts.<br/><br/>Anna passionately despises Rachel and wants her out of her life.  Rachel is always calling Tom.  Anna wants Tom to sell the house that he had lived in with Rachel, but he refuses, saying he will lose money on it if he sells now.  Anna forgets that she had an affair with Tom when he was married to Tom, and she ruined Rachel's life.<br/><br/>Does Rachel succeed in finding who killed Megan?  Does Anna get Rachel out of her life and live happily ever with Tom and Evie?  To find out the answers to these questions, and much more, you have to read this book.  I promise you this, the conclusion is smashing.  Amazon Verified Purchase.
IN 140 CHARACTERS OR LESS:<br/>Your morning commute will never be the same after you read this gripping thriller.<br/><br/>Who it’s for:<br/>Liked Gone Girl? There’s a good chance you’ll like this too<br/><br/>What the back cover says:<br/>Rachel catches the same commuter train every morning. She knows it will wait at the same signal each time, overlooking a row of back gardens.<br/>She’s even started to feel like she knows the people who live in one of the houses. ‘Jess and Jason,’ she calls them. Their life – as she sees it – is perfect. If only Rachel could be that happy.<br/>And then she sees something shocking. It’s only a minute until the train moves on, but it’s enough.<br/>Now everything’s changed. Now Rachel has a chance to become a part of the lives she’s only watched from afar.<br/><br/>What I say:<br/>So, let’s deal with the elephant in the room; just how similar is 'The Girl on the Train', to the thriller hit of 2012, 'Gone Girl'?<br/>Let me put it this way. They both fall into a genre that I would describe as ‘chick-thriller’ – mysteries that focus more on relationship dynamics than the actual forensics of the crime.<br/>That’s about where the similarities end, unless of course you include the fact that both share the word ‘girl’ in their titles.<br/>In about every other major regard – plot, setting, characters and structure – these books are different.<br/>Confession. About half-way through 'The Girl on the Train', I read ahead and read the ending. Yes, I did.<br/>My mum always said that reading the ending of a book is a sign of a weak character. I disagree; I call it a sign of a great plot.<br/>There was a point in this book where I could feel myself speed-reading, anxious to know how everything would be resolved.<br/>But I didn’t want to rush it. I wanted to notice the details. Notice the construction. See if I could pick up on the clues. So, I read the ending, and went back and started reading more slowly. No harm done.<br/>Hawkins has a no-frills method of writing, which won’t appeal to literary readers, but how many literary readers enjoy thrillers? The style suits the audience.<br/>The story is narrated by three characters, all female, in a first-person, present tense – almost a stream of consiousness style.<br/>In other words, the reader is taken right inside the character’s head. There’s a sense of immediacy and intimacy. We see the characters with all their flaws. Some would call them ‘unlikeable’ and ‘unreliable’. I would call them ‘human.’<br/>In an interview with Book Page, Paula Hawkins says the idea for The Girl on the Train stemmed from her own experiences as a London commuter.<br/>“I loved looking into people’s houses. The train went really close by apartments, so you could see in. I never saw anything shocking, but I wondered, if you saw anything out of the ordinary, an act of violence, who would you tell and would anyone believe you? I had a germ of it in my brain for ages. The voyeuristic aspects of commuting, everyone has. Even if you commute by car, you look into other cars.”<br/>And this is the genius of the book. It’s actually a perfect commuter read. Engaging but not too challenging – ideal for the girl (or boy) on the train.
Reading the description of this book, I was automatically intrigued. The story centers around the lives of three very different women whose lives become intertwined through their varying degrees of separation. The primary protagonist is Rachel Watson, a recent divorcee, whose life is seemingly in shambles. Rachel commutes everyday on the train and in her travels she daydreams about the life of a couple she passes on her daily journey. But as we all know, life is no fairy tale. And thus begins a winding, twisting journey into the lives of the people around us and how nothing is ever really as it seems.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It has had many comparisons to Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl", which a semi-accurate. It is a thriller about a couple and the goings on in their relationship, but that is as close as the two come. "Gone Girl" was much darker and I found it to be a better read. But that is just my opinion. "The Girl on the Train" is a very good book. It is like an episode of CSI or one of it's similar counterparts.<br/><br/>I found the story interesting. The writing was very skillful. I greatly enjoyed the setting of London. The characters were real and flawed as we all are. Every time I picked up this book I was in this world, which is a credit to the author's writing ability. I gave it 4 out of 5 stars because I did predict the fairly near the beginning, but that is not to say the book is predictably. Many scenes and outcomes did have a bit of a shock value. I also rated it a 4 because it did lull in a few places that seemed to drag out the outcome. I would read another book by this author without hesitation just to see what she comes up with next.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to fans of psychological thrillers.
I recently went to an author presentation for this book, and Paula Hawkins admitted that having her book compared to “Gone Girl” could sometimes be a bit annoying, even if it was mostly flattering. Nevertheless, you can’t help but compare the two. Both books have several narrators – three women in the case of The Girl on the Train – and in both books the narrators are somewhat unreliable. The biggest similarity is that both feature a woman who goes missing, as well as a husband who becomes a suspect in the disappearance. If you liked Gone Girls, it’s pretty safe to say you’ll like The Girl on the Train as well.<br/><br/>But of course this book has its own merits. Any book, to me, that keeps me turning the pages and ignoring my work, my kitchen, and my dirty laundry for two straight days because I can’t put it down at all, deserves high praise. It’s a thriller, yes, but it’s also a well-refined character study of the three different women characters, Rachel in particular. Rachel is a thirty-something divorced woman who struggles with alcoholism. She is depressed because she still loves her ex-husband Tom and can’t bear to see him leading a new life with a new wife – Anna – and their baby. What’s more, they continue to live in the house she, Rachel, used to share with him, one that she can see every day from the train as she commutes into London and back. While she takes the train in and out of the city twice a day, she wallows in her misery by observing not only Tom and Anna but also a couple that lives nearby her old house and very close to the train tracks. She observes them and imagines what life they lead, concocting an entire story. She even names them – Jason and Jess – and is envious of their seemingly perfect marriage. This makes her shock that much bigger when she one day witnesses an event at their house that makes her not only question her assumptions about their relationship but also her own role in the unfolding events. She wants to help but seems to make things worse as she is inexorably pulled into the orbit of both Jason and Jess’s lives – whose real names are Scott and Megan – as well as that of Tom and Anna.<br/><br/>Rachel is one of those characters you are stuck with, for better or for worse, as she is the main narrator of the story, but at times you want to punch her and shake her and make her come to her senses. Megan is also a very interesting character who certainly doesn’t lead the sort of picture-book life that Rachel first projects onto her. No one in this story is really what they seem, and everyone is forced to revise their beliefs about the people they thought they knew so well, to a point where they feel they can’t trust anyone – leaving you, the reader, feeling the same.<br/><br/>The end, in my opinion, was a bit contrived, as is often the case with thrillers in search of some sort of climax even if common sense might dictate that the characters behave a bit more reasonably. But altogether a great and fast-paced read.
I haven't read the other 900 reviews. I will just offer my own fresh perspective, unaffected by them. I think this is a fantastic novel. I am an avid reader of the mystery/thriller genre, and I have read so many books that I often have difficulty remembering them a couple of weeks later. For instance, I recently read Cain and Abe. A good novel by a fine writer, but I had to look it up on Amazon just now to remember what it was about.<br/><br/> However, I will never forget The Girl on the Train. I would honestly have to say that this is the best piece of fiction that I have read in quite a while. It is totally unique. The premise is that a woman is traveling back and forth on a train to London. The track switching mechanism normally forces the train to pause in a position where the backs of homes on an adjacent street can be seen. The protagonist, Rachel, sees her own "ex-home", where her ex-husband currently lives with a new wife, whom he acquired after cheating on Rachel. Nearby, she sees what she believes to be the "perfect couple", frequently out on the terrace when the train goes by. Then one day, she sees Mrs. perfect kissing a strange man. The next day, Mr. Perfect's wife goes missing.<br/><br/>Now Rachel is a serious alcoholic, and so it is not clear what is real and what is her imagination. She has frequent "black outs". I have to say that this author's description of the curse of alcoholism is dead on. You feel for Rachel, but you also disdain her. Why can't she just get her act together? It is all very complicated, and Ms. Hawkins masterfully handles all of that in the novel. I suspect she must know an alcoholic so as to portray their plight so accurately.<br/><br/>So who killed Mr. Perfect's wife? And how and why? And was Mr. Perfect actually perfect? These are the questions that are slowly addressed as the novel goes on, with rising tension. Rachel does some really stupid things, but we are rooting for her at every turn. The downtrodden, drunk ex-wife who just wants to interject herself into the lives of a couple she only fantasizes about based on what she has seen outside the window of a train. The train is central to the novel. It gives it form. Every chapter is a date and a time, "morning" or "evening", coinciding with the commuter train to and from London. It sets the pace of the novel and helps to create tension. It is unique in this respect. It is a voyeur story, initially. And that sucks you into the story.<br/><br/>There are a lot of twists and turns in this novel. I guessed who the murderer was at 61% (Kindle), but I couldn't have guessed the final outcome of this excellent novel! I can't recommend this highly enough. This is a MUST READ.
If you like a good mystery, this is the book for you. This story will have you sitting on the edge of your seat, turning pages frantically until you get to the end. It was almost impossible to put down or to guess the outcome.  The novel is written in the format of a journal or a diary, although the timeline is not a straight line. All of the main characters are introduced quickly into the narrative, and each slowly reveals personality traits.<br/>When it begins, it is 2013, and Rachel Watson is riding on a train to London. She spies some clothes at the edge of the tracks and her mind begins to wander as she imagines whose they might be and how they might have gotten there. Rachel is unable to accept her divorce from her husband Tom, although a couple of years have passed. She has gained weight, drinks to excess and is obsessed with her ex-husband’s new life.<br/>As she rides, she reminisces about her marriage. She was a different, happier person once, very different until she discovered Tom’s affair with Anna, until he left her. Anna became involved with Tom, even though she knew he was married. Tom and Anna have a young daughter and seem very happy. Rachel cannot accept this. From the train she can see her former home, but she avoids looking there, instead, she concentrates on a home a few doors away and watches a happy couple there that she has named Jess and Jason. In real life they are Scott and Megan Hipwell, but Rachel doesn’t know this. As she rides the train, daily, she looks for them and creates a fantasy about their lives. He is the perfect husband, idolizing Jess as he chats with her outside, and she is an adoring, loving wife. Megan Hipwell seems very happy when she is viewed from the train, but secretly her life is coming unglued.<br/>Both Rachel and Megan have lost someone they love, both have trouble sleeping, both have lost their jobs.  Megan had an art gallery that closed. Rachel lost her job because she drinks too much, becomes rude and argumentative and also blacks out and remembers little of what she does when she is drunk. Rachel is ashamed of her degenerate behavior, but Megan kind of likes to walk on the wild side, to live a bit dangerously, to test the water. Both of the women have secrets in their past or present lives, and both of the women want to travel, although one dreamt of traveling with her brother, and the other had dreamt of traveling with her husband to recapture their spark. Both want to improve the life they are living.<br/>The lives of the three women intersect as we discover that Anna, Rachel and Megan are connected. Anna, who was “the other woman”, is afraid of Rachel and wants her to stop calling the house to harass them. Megan (Rachel’s Jess), briefly takes a job as Anna’s nanny. Rachel remains in love with Tom, and one night she returns to the neighborhood, gets drunk and blacks out. When she wakes up bruised and bleeding, sick to her stomach at home, she remembers little of how she spent the night or how she was injured. When she discovers that the woman Jess/Megan goes missing that same night, and does not return, she becomes obsessed with finding out what happened to her, of unlocking her lost memories.<br/>One day, on the train, Rachel notices that someone has written on the side of a building, “Life is not a paragraph”. She responds to that statement with her own, “death is not a parenthesis”. That short thought bubble stayed with me throughout the book as the mystery evolved. Death is not a part of the whole. Death is not an interlude or an afterthought. Life has a beginning and an end, and death is the end result, the final outcome.<br/>The lives of Megan and Rachel do not run concurrently. Megan’s begins a couple of years in the past, moving into the present, and eventually, each story line, Anna, Megan and Rachel’s meet, bringing the book to a satisfying, but surprising conclusion.
January’s been a restless reading time, exacerbated by the winter blues. I haven’t been able to settle down to anything, bouncing from book to book, nothing holding my interest longer than a few dozen pages at best. It’s been an agony for someone as reliant on the love of reading as I am. I’m used to falling back on reading as a means of escaping life’s troubles. When I don’t have that outlet I tend to get frustrated and flustered. It’s damned awful.<br/><br/>My savior came in the form of Paula Hawkins’ The Girl on the Train, a well-paced and sparing novel I flew through in two days. Part of the reason I consumed it so voraciously was the mystery element, of course. The deeper you get into the book the harder it is to restrain yourself from paging forward to see how it ends – not that I’m that sort of reader, but if I were I’d have had a very difficult time holding myself back. The other reason is the deceptively simple style and the stylistic choice of giving alternating points of view of the main characters, one per chapter. I love getting inside the heads of more than the main character, especially when the author is skilled enough to give the reader just enough intrigue, not enough to figure out the answer too soon.<br/><br/>Hawkins’ novel is being compared to Gillian Flynn’s Gone Girl, for obvious, yet not quite stylistically true reasons. Both books feature beautiful blonde wives who go missing (which is a bit cliché), criminal suspicion falling on the husband – not unusual in real world missing person cases. Also, both involve affairs likely to have played a role in foul play, as well as a sub-theme of pregnancy: one partner who wants a baby, while the other has more complicated feelings.<br/><br/>In The Girl on the Train the main character is Rachel Watson, ex-wife of Tom Watson, an unsympathetic character who left Rachel for a young, beautiful blonde (again …) named Anna. Rachel, already battling the alcoholism partly at fault for ending her marriage, falls apart. She harasses Tom and Anna even two years following her divorce, calling their home in the middle of the night, showing up on their doorstep drunk and disheveled. Though sympathy for Rachel is easier than Tom, I found myself becoming irritated with her inability to clean herself up and move on. While I understood her pain, she made herself pathetic holding onto Tom’s leg, drinking herself sloppy. We all know heartbreak but for God’s sake pick yourself up and move on!<br/><br/>The woman who goes missing was not Anna Watson but rather another beautiful, petite blonde who lived a few doors down from the Watsons, Megan Hipwel. What gives this novel such a unique edge is the method by which Rachel comes to know of Megan, before her disappearance. Taking the commuter train from the suburbs into London twice a day, Rachel passes her former home. Spying on her husband’s new life, she comes to notice the house a few doors down and the blonde woman and her ideal, handsome husband who often sit and watch the trains from their terrace. She sees them so often she gives them names, imagining their lives. They become her idea of the perfect couple.<br/><br/>Coincidentally, from the train Rachel also witnesses an event in the back garden of the ideal couple, something that upsets her more than it really should.  And, when Megan goes missing, Rachel believes she may hold a key piece of evidence. However, being a drunken, unreliable witness, the police don’t take her seriously. She’s already admitted she was on the street both her husband and Megan live on the night Megan disappeared, and has denied seeing another soul. They know she’s obsessive and they know she’s a drunk. She blacked out that same night. Rachel can hardly trust herself, either, much less unravel fact from fiction.<br/><br/>Unlike Gone Girl, The Girl on the Train uses a much more believable method of obscuring the truth than the not quite believable machinations of a brilliant and psychotic main female character. The book relies on Rachel’s blackouts, much more realistic as a plot device. Hawkins slyly presents us with good and murderous characters, keeping the plot taut via Rachel’s lost night, which seems to be key. Even that she twists, lulling the reader into believing one truth, then switching things up.<br/><br/>Rachel is a good person who’s been terribly hurt, and her impulses aren’t easily controlled. No one quite trusts her, so when she ultimately remembers the truth, will the police listen to her? And is it even the truth?<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is a sometimes flawed but compelling read that unwinds itself slowly. It’s possible to guess the ending, and yes, I did, but the tension makes it no less an exciting read. Is it worth the claim it’s the next Gone Girl? In some ways I’d argue it surpasses it. You can believe it and relate to the often frustrating characters. It’s something that could happen, not a plot so far-fetched it comes off annoying. There is such a thing as too many twists. The Girl on the Train has just enough. Recommended, especially if you find yourself in a reading drought and need an unputdownable book to get you back on track..
Paula Hawkins’ debut novel has been getting a lot of hype lately…it’s one of those books that I think will be talked about quite a bit both inside and outside of the book world over the coming months. For this reason, I purposely tried to ignore all the chatter and avoid reading reviews until after I’d read the book. I seem to have better luck with these types of books when I go in blind and I’m glad I did in this case. So, this review will be a bit vague to preserve some surprise for those of you who intend to read it!<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller that, for me, gets 5 stars for the psychological element and 3 stars for the thriller piece…averaging out to a 4-star “I really liked it” rating.<br/><br/>This book started a bit slowly for me. It took me about 20% of the book to really engage in the psychological piece and the thriller aspect picked up steam after that. But once I got through the beginning, this was definitely an “I can’t put it down” type of read.<br/><br/>Rachel takes the exact same commuter train every day, passing the same houses at the same time. Therefore, she sees the inhabitants going about their daily routines. She fixates on one young couple who seem happy together (and whose life she probably aspires to have) and names them “Jess and Jason”. She gives them backgrounds, personalities, and careers (She imagines “Jason” as a medical doctor who travels to Third World countries and “Jess” doing something artsy). So, you know right out of the gates that Rachel has at least one issue (borderline obsession with these people she doesn’t know). But, suffice it to say that there are psychological issues all over the place in this book.<br/><br/>My problem with the thriller aspect (and thus the 3 star rating for that part) is that I guessed the outcome well before Hawkins put it out there. I’ll elaborate more on this in the spoilers discussion, but I’ll say here that I kept hoping my guess would be wrong and she would surprise me. Sadly, that wasn’t the case.<br/><br/>The Girl on the Train will no doubt be a popular thriller this year and is a great page turner and book club selection. Lots to discuss in this book!<br/><br/>Check out my blog, Sarah's Book Shelves, for more reviews.
The Girl On The Train is the new phenomenon fans of Gillian Flynn and S.J.Watson will be obsessing over. It's the next BIG thing. It's that sort of book you want to devour at the speed of light but also slowly sip, tasting every page, every paragraph, every word... All at the same time. The writing has this addictive quality, irresistible pull, hypnotizing chemistry. It's a masterpiece through and through. I inhaled it like a junkie.<br/><br/>  There are three girls that play big parts in this story. The hopeless alcoholic who couldn't hold on to her husband and her job, and who now pretends to go to work every day because she's afraid to admit to her friend that she's now jobless - that's Rachel. Then there's Megan. On the surface she's the flawless housewife, artsy, classy and happily married to a handsome and caring Scott. In reality, Megan's life is built on lies and secrets, and her marriage with Scott is strained to say the last. Finally, there's also Anna. The "other woman" who became the replacement for Rachel, and who is now living with Rachel's ex husband in Rachel's old home, sleeping in Rachel's bed, cooking in Rachel's designer kitchen, enjoying a life she stole from Rachel.<br/><br/>  One day, on the train ride to her fake job, Rachel witnesses something. There's a couple she sees almost every day on her way to London, people she made up names for and created whole imaginary lives for in her head. They are always so perfect, so in love. She loves watching them. But then, one day, she sees the woman (who is Megan) kissing someone who clearly isn't her husband (Scott). And the next day Megan goes missing. And the story of lies and deception begins.<br/><br/>  This book reminded me of both Gone Girl and Before I Go To Sleep and I couldn't help but draw parallels. It's not that the plot line seemed similar, because it's really a completely different and original story. It's more that the writing is of similar quality, the plot is just as twisty and dark and the story sucks you in and holds you captive, demanding to be read in one sitting. It's the same kind of reading experience, and I just loved it.<br/><br/>  Such finely, artfully crafted plot line. So fresh, so substantial, so gritty! Full of blood chilling secrets and tantalizing revelations. I was obsessed with this story, with the flawed and messed-up characters and their complicated, tangled-up lives. I couldn't get enough of that stuff. The Girl On The Train is a very intense and dark story. No character is without fault here, no one is purely good and entirely innocent, but at the same time all of the characters (well, all except one!) have some redeeming qualities. They're not bad, they're just kind of lost, kind of unhinged, kind of desperate. I found their stories thoroughly fascinating to read about.<br/><br/>  The murder mystery is at the core of the plot line. The missing girl. The mysterious man kissing her the night before. The controlling husband. The disturbing past full of blood-chilling secrets. The unreliable, untrustworthy witness. It all messes with your head and keeps you at the edge of your seat. You feel that you can't trust anyone, the lead character (Rachel) included. You wreck your brain for answers and you come up empty. If I am to be honest, I figured out what happened to Megan about 2/3 through the story. It was mostly a guess, but I had a bad feeling about one particular character, and as it turned out, I was right. That didn't take away from the pleasure of reading this book at all, though. The ending was truly breathtaking and I now can't wait for Hawkin's next book to come out!
This book lived up to the hype, a psychological thriller, page-turner, bone-chilling debut novel for Ms. Hawkins.  I read it pretty fast (3 sittings) and like many of the thrillers I’ve read, lots of build-up to a pretty crazy ending.  This one was unique in that there were three narrators of the story.  Rachel “the girl on the train”, an obnoxious alcoholic divorcee, living in denial, spending too much time on the train, and living vicariously through others.  The book is always present time for her, with thoughts of the past.  Megan, “Jess” as dubbed initially by Rachel, the mysterious woman Rachel becomes fascinated with is another narrator.  Megan’s story begins the year prior to give the reader some background information to catch them up to present time and introduce to a few other minor characters.  And then Anna is the third, the “other woman” who Rachel’s ex, Tom, left her for, new mother, a bit obsessive, very territorial, and very paranoid. Only bits and pieces are revealed from her when things started escalating, but another interesting viewpoint of the story.<br/><br/>From the description, I thought there would be a little more build-up of the fanciful life of “Jess & Jason” Rachel created from viewing them from the train, but the story doesn’t take long to jump into action.  One July night, something happens, and the book takes us through the process to figure out just what that was.  There are lots of characters to keep track of, nothing too overwhelming, just lots of sub-plots.  Definitely had me, the reader, engaged in coming up with theories, which got closer as the book went on, but there were enough twists and turns to keep it very interesting and me guessing til the very end.<br/><br/>The one problem I have with the book that I think is keeping me from 5 stars was the characters.  They all pretty much sucked (if they were real people).  And I’m sure that was intentional and I don’t know if I would have enjoyed the story more had they been more likable, but I had no sympathy/empathy for any of them and wanted them all to get what they had coming to them.  That sounds terrible but they all really made a lot of poor decisions and just were not good people.  But combine a bunch of people like that and great writing and it makes for an entertaining, unpredictable story!<br/><br/>So someday I’ll read Gone Girl and let you know about the comparisons everyone is making, but The Girl on the Train was a face-paced, thrilling story, kept me guessing, and wanting to pick it up each night.  You won’t be disappointed if you read it, but there are some other really great thrillers out there that aren't getting this much press that you should definitely look up too!
First let me say, there has been so much hype about this book I put off reading it for a few weeks. I suppose I was reluctant to read it seeing as a book buddy of mine said she was struggling with it. I know we have similar tastes in books usually.<br/><br/>When something is hyped up so much you tend to have your expectations so high that it fails to be met by the time you get around to reading it [or if its a film....watching it]<br/><br/>This is primarily a story of three individual women.<br/><br/>Rachel takes the front row I think, she is the Girl on the Train. She is used to travelling back and forth on the train to work. The passes the home where she used to live with her ex. Now her ex is with someone else.<br/><br/>Once I got used to each chapter being written under the guise of each person, made a note of the date of the heading of each chapter in my head it all sort of came into play really. First it was really like travelling on a train.....slowly at the start, then you get right into the experience and you don't want to get off! This is how I felt about reading this.<br/><br/>What I loved about this story was, it was different. Paula Hawkins and a well thought out story here that keeps you travelling onwards. I really couldn't get off the wreckage of this storyline, the twist at the end was good, really good.<br/><br/>Because of reading so many books each year, once in a while you get a book that really stands out from all the others, and this is the one. What a wonderful start to my reading experiences for the New Year of 2015.<br/><br/>By the way, the concept to it being compared to Gone Girl, don't you believe it, its nothing like it! This is brilliant in its own right.<br/><br/>I would like to thank Random House UK, Transworld Publishers Via Net Galley for the opportunity to read such an excellent book
4.5 stars total rating.<br/><br/>I've been on a bit of jag lately with British Pysch-Suspense and let's just say that wasn't really planned, it just sort of happened. Needless to say, it's created a cool sounding-board for reviews. There are some similarities between the books I've recently read and THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN but oh my--this one is so much better!<br/><br/>Rachel is a slightly overweight divorced woman who is more than slightly alcoholic. Hawkins does an amazing job at depicting her character's obsession with the bottle (among other things). Two years out of a divorce, Rachel is *still* processing the messy break-up and dissolution of her marriage to Tom who left her for a mistress, Anna whom he is now married and raising their baby together. Rachel is one hot mess as she stumbles around day after day "pretending" to go to work (she was fired due to her drinking problem) on the commuter train that rumbles past the cozy row of Victorian homes where she once lived with Tom. But it's not Tom and Anna she becomes voyueristically obsessed with--it's another couple--whom Rachel called "Jason and Jess," names she's made up because she doesn't know who they really are.<br/><br/>Oh, but that's about to change.<br/><br/>Now here's where things get a little hairy and perhaps maybe a little too coincidental (as much as I hate to say that--spinning a good story is no easy task, and making it seem *not* contrived is even more difficult). Still, Rachel is bored, lonely, and obsessed so it makes sense she may insinuate herself into the lives of these perfect strangers. Hawkins does a great job of giving us just enough set-up to make Rachel appear off-her-rocker in that sense.<br/><br/>We begin to meet a colorful cast of characters--a therapist, the 'real' couple whom we learn are not Jess and Jason, but Meghan and Scott--and while the book jumps time periods and POVs, we remaind firmly planted with Rachel, who seems to narrate much of the story.<br/><br/>The end gets a little confusing--at least for me--but we see how no one can be trusted, and that love and loyalty sometimes come back to us when we least expect it. And then again...what exactly *is* loyalty?
By now everybody knows a one sentence version of the plot of "The Girl on the Train".  And a lot of people, even without having read the book, make a connection with the movie "Rear Window" because of its voyeuristic thriller overtones. But this is not "Rear Window", not even close.  For one thing our protagonist,Rachel, the occasional narrator and protagonist, is a drunk.  An out of control drunk.  Not exactly Jimmy Stewart.<br/><br/>So Rachel has credibility issues and memory loss problems, and she does lie.  Perhaps a bit too much. The rest of the cast isn't much better.  There's Tom, Rachel's ex, and his new family, all living in the flat that Tom and Rachel formerly occupied.  There's Jess and Jason, Rachel's made up names for her espied subjects, actually Megan and Scott.  Also two somewhat dull witted cops, and Rachel's "landlady", wanna be friend Cathy.  Nobody here you want to invite to your house for dinner. Each with more than their share of secrets and vices.<br/><br/>In the early going, Rachel sounds like an irredeemable loser.  The reader is almost happy to get to the end of a chapter to hear a different voice, Megan or the replacement wife, Anna.  Slowly, one gets hooked into the story.  Surprises here and there, several are telegraphed a bit, so the book does not rely on any outlandish plot twists.  And the tension builds and builds, and now we know the bad guy, and soon someone's gonna die, and..... Now here some of you are thinking "Aha! A Hitchcock climax."  Maybe, whatever.  It is an excellent climax no matter how you label it.<br/><br/>I recommend the book highly, it's a fast read.  Be prepared to deal with a lot of unappealing characters.  Hats off to an author who can cast a story that way and suck in an audience for several hours nevertheless.  I eagerly await her next book and hope that Hawkins writes it quickly.
POV:  Alternating first person between Rachel, Anna and Megan<br/><br/>It's been a few days now since I finished The Girl on the Train.  I waited to write this review because I felt like I needed to mull things over, let things marinate in my head, before trying to write down my thoughts.  My initial rating was four stars but this book has stayed with me.  I keep thinking about it and remembering things and making connections.  It's definitely a book that I would re-read and for that reason, I've since bumped up my rating to a full five stars.<br/><br/>Reading this book felt somewhat voyeuristic because these characters and their lives are completely raw and gritty and we see far beyond the masks they each wear day to day.  That voyeuristic feel is apropos because Rachel, in turn, is also a voyeur who peeks into the backyards of her ex-husband and their neighbors while riding the train every day.  All of the characters, and the narrators in particular are, by turns, sympathetic and also horribly disgusting human beings. Their personalities are each distinct yet they each have this pervading darkness.<br/><br/>The book blurb does a pretty good job of giving an idea of the plot without giving anything away so I won't rehash it here.  This book will grab you right from the beginning.  Rachel is like a train wreck and it's hard not to watch.  As the book unfolds, though, you'll be sucked in even deeper and start to see connections everywhere.  All three of the narrators are unreliable so with each chapter, the reader gets another piece of the puzzle and another suspicion.<br/><br/>This is not a traditional "whodunnit" kind of mystery, but suspicion does fall on just about every character at some point in the book.  And none of them are ruled out until the very end.  I had no idea where this train was going to take me until I ended up there.  I think the comparisons to Gone Girl are deserved.  Although the plots are not really similar, they both have flawed and unreliable narrators and a dark and gritty feel to them.  They both are layered exceptionally well and you won't know what's going on until the author wants you to.<br/><br/>*I received a copy of this book for free from the publisher.  This in no way influenced this review.  All opinions are honest and 100% my own.
Similar to Gone Girl, but with a different set of twists that keep the reader engaged.  This book asks the reader to determine who is telling the truth, and truth really means. Also a good lesson in why one shouldn't drink to excess.  The plot has a much more satisfying ending than Gone Girl.
It took awhile to get into the book. Wasn't sure I would finish it and kept putting it down for several days and picking back up. Finally it started getting more interesting and I liked the twist at the end. I would recommend it to someone to read but warn that it takes some time to get into.
Would I have enjoyed this book as much without the added element of reading it during my daily train commutes to and from the city? I think I would have. It's a great story of intermingling lives, with a few unexpected twists and turns. Great, quick, easy, entertaining read. Highly recommend!
The plot was stong, but every single character including the victim were utterly detestable. Dragged myself through to the end, but would have been better to rename it Girl Under the train and have the protagonist throw herself there in the first chapter. Would have been less painful to read.
Not my kind of book. Usually like legal thrillers or non-fiction. I don't read romance novels or watch chic flics. This looked like that kind of book. But it had lots of reviews and was on the best seller list.<br/>I loved it! Wonderfully written. Something different. I couldn't put it down!
This book was annoying me because I wanted to know what happened and I couldn't put it down. The book alternates characters in its narration and all characters are likable (or not) in their own way. The ending wasn't as predictable as expected and took a lot of words to get to. I'd recommend.
This was a good gritty mystery. It's realism, focus on human frailties and believable voice made it a fun read. I rarely read mystery/thrillers. This one intrigued me from reviews I read and am glad I selected it. The fifth star is for the great portrayal of alcoholism, selfishness and pride.
Interesting concept but not my "thing". Forced myself to keep reading after trudging, confused, through the first three chapters. I suppose it's necessary to expand your literary comfort zone.<br/><br/>If you give this one a read, pay attention to the chapter NAMES right from the beginning.
I loved this book although it didn't start out predictable it ended up that way. I figured it out then doubted myself then went back to being right.  I love that.  I had a great deal of sympathy for the main character in some aspects and then I was really angry at her in  others.  Great read.
I read the inside of the book and it definitely caught my attention.  I didn't want to put this book down!!! The fact she made up her own little world just to keep from falling down a hole of depress and alcoholism was captivating! !! Was an amazing read and definitely NOT a disappointment! !
I enjoyed the story. I did figure it out a little sooner than I was probably supposed to, but a lot later than with other  books. The author went into the perfect amount of detail when describing the scenes. I enjoyed her style of writing and would probably read something else written by her.
Loved this story with its flawed main character and the way her story unfolds. The change between character perspectives also makes the story so interesting and intriguing. If you want a story that whisks you along like a train taking you to a great destination, then this is the book for you.
This was a thoroughly absorbing, modern, mystery novel.  I couldn't put it down.  For those who work in a large city and travel to the suburbs it will<br/>be particularly interesting and totally engrossing.  Women will identify with the writer/main character from many aspects.  Great ending.
Even though the characters are not likable, the suspense built while reading this "who dun it?" makes it an exciting read.  I love books that are hard to put down.  I had to keep reading to find out who was the murderer.  The author was masterful at building suspense.  A great ride...
I liked it better than "Gone Girl" - which I know it gets compared to all the time - but I didn't love it.  I had unraveled the big secret long before the reveal. However, an interesting piece of fiction with an unreliable narrator. I may use samples of it to teach with in the future.
We chose The Girl on the Train as our monthly book club selection. I ordered it on Amazon as there was an extremely long waiting list at all of the local libraries. Amazon delivered it quickly and it did not disappoint. Riveting story of multi-faceted characters with amazing twists and turns.
Somewhat predictable but kept my attention throughout.  Found all of the female characters to be submissive to the male characters which I found a bit off-putting and less believable.  I found the main character interesting, vulnerable and refreshing given that she was a struggling alcoholic.
First of novel was unclear which I believe was the purpose of the writer!  Good for her.  I was hooked when I got past the initial shock of the beginning.  Would definitely recommend it - based on the person.  Some would really connect, some would not enjoy.  That's what reading is all about.
Although maybe not as smart as Gone Girl (which Girl on the Train has been widely compared to), this book is exciting and very twisty. I loved the three perspectives and how they were all, in their own ways, unreliable narrators. It's a fun book and one worth reading if you're into mysteries.
be my guest. Did not like the main character or the other 2 main women in the story. All 3 were a 10 out of 10 on a crazy scale. The main character  Rachel is a complete mess with no redeeming qualities at all. Wife bought me the book for V-day thought I'd like to read what's hot...this is not.
Very intriguing book, and very well written- highly recommend.  If not for the inevitable comparisons to Gone Girl, would have gone 5 stars- it's good, but not quite that brilliantly paced and written.  Adore that it's intriguing without being disturbing- an all nighter, for sure.  Go for it!
Story drags on and on and on....  Rachael rides train, drinks, repeat.  I almost stop half way through but I thought it was going to start get interesting.  Not one redeeming character.  Even Cathy could have been stronger and kicked her out like a normal sober person.  Needed 100 pages max.
Good story, nice twist.  Sad characters, definitely not uplifting.  It wasn't a bad book, it held my interest to the end.  I think I am just a bit done with the genre - seems to be a very popular to mix domestic violence, addiction issues and seriously messy relationships into a who-done-it.
It started slowly but by the middle, I just had to know how it ends!  Although I am usually exhausted by bedtime, sometimes it's hard to tell if it's the book that's slow or me, but good books have a way to sort that out by the middle. When you are sorry the book is over- that's a good book!
I really enjoyed this book. Having the narrator as personally flawed and obsessive made her an unreliable yet compelling voice. Character development well defined with each female lead having a voice. The men were more mysterious as they did not get a voice. Thoroughly satisfying conclusion.
It was difficult, at least for me, to keep the characters straight. The first half or more was not very interesting as I didn't care much for the characters and I don't like novels or films in which I do not care about the people involved. The last half of the book was much better I thought.
The characteristics were not people I'd want as friends or neighbors! Rather 'hollow souled' as people go, but the story was a compelling 'whodunnit'. I read this for a book club. I would not have read it otherwise. It has not made my life any better, but was riveting enough to stay with it.
Great story But I confess a college grad with advanced degree I had to get a guide book offered by Amazon to get all the characters straight and some finer points before I could proceed without having to read everything over.This was a. Big help in enjoying a complicated and engrossing book.
Clearly the author is very talented in presenting subtle psychological dimensions.  The problem is that these are not people I would like to know.  All are neurotic, insecure, and (the lead character at least) alcoholic.  I, for one, felt depressed myself after knowing them.
This is definitely one of my favorites. The people are very well developed, believable, vulnerable. I worried for them when I had to put it down. I looked forward to curling up with it whenever I could. It took great turns now and again. Not predictable. I would recommend it heartily. Enjoy!
I was worried when I saw the comment that this was like a variation of Gone Girl; however, that is not far off the mark. Switching between characters and time made a little toigh to get started. Once you get used to it the book did become a page turner. Hard to put down. Well worth the read.
I kept reading this book to the end, thinking it would get better at some point.  It didn't.  I was unable to develop empathy for the shallow characters, who were not sufficiently developed for me to care what happened to them.
The book was a complete waste of time.
One of the worst books I've ever read.
Awesome read, I could not put it down.
Great book.  Enjoyed every word of it.
Fast moving and a page/chapter turner.
Entertaining, good read but not great!
Kept me guessing until nearly the end.
For me it took awhile to get use to the characters in the book. Once I got used to them and the dates involved as chapters, it was fun to go on the journey. Fast paced book that really keeps you guessing. I can see a movie forming. Reminded me of a Hitchcock thriller. I recommend this book.
Never have read a book like this one. Interesting how riding a train developed into this book. Then finding out "the girl" really is not going to work in London. She has not got a job!  What she views during the rides developes into one surprise after another. The end was a shock!!!
I put off this book because I had downloaded a sample and thought it dragged. Much later I read about this amazing book that everyone was reading, so I took the plunge. Ended up totally engrossed. Was the first book in a long time that I was sad to finish. Talented writer, kept me guessing.
Not a casual read - you need to pay attnetion:) Mesmerizing storyline, very well written and thought-provoking - about just people in general, how they think, how they behave and what they're capable of!<br/><br/>Excellent read - perfect for a trip-vaca-plane ride this summer; or anytime!
After all the hype, and weeks on the best seller list, this book was a big disappointment to me.  I didn't like any of the characters, and didn't find them at all interesting.  There was little mystery in it, and a very weak twist at the end.  It was my least favorite book so far this year!
I gave this three stars as a gift. I probably should have put this down soon after starting to read it. "Gone Girl" had unbelievably insane characters. They pale in comparison to the characters in this book! Very depressing read for me, but then, I'm not into psychological novels...
This is the first book I have read by this author.  The book was very confusing at first trying to figure out just what was going on, but if you persevere it all comes together slowly and the ending is a grabber.  Much different than the usual mystery books I've read.  Enjoyed it very much.
That was a long, boring, and drawn out book. It was so unrealistic and not relatable. The main character gets involved in a murder mystery for the reason of being obsessed with people she doesn't know... She was an idiotic main character. It will be too soon I'd Hawkins writes another book.
Well designed plot, well designed characters especially Rachel, well described and well written.<br/>I read it slowly on my kindle and was sorry to note the advance of the cursor on the progress bar.<br/>Some prose is quite poetic and even reminded me of Justine of the Alexandria Quartet.
This novel has been compared by reviewers as another 'Gone Girl', and although the story was interesting with the story line based on third young women's lives, I was disappointed in the end, it was too predictable and I began to loose interest in the story line towards the end of the book.
I loved this book and could not put it down. I hope this Author has more books waiting to be published. It was so hard to put down.  Just when you think you had figured out,YOU DIDN'T. It arrived without a scratch on it. I would buy from this seller anytime.<br/>Thanks for an awesome book.
Truly impossible to put down. Many times had to get some sleep but found at the end of one chapter I had to keep reading no matter how late it was. The pieces come together towards the end but even for those who guess the ending in advance it is still compelling to read on, just to be sure.
This book was very entertaining-I read it over the weekend, not wanting to put it down. It makes you think about each of us, having our own problems. Loved how it switched back and forth between the female characters. It gives women the reminder to trust ourselves and to know our own worth.
I found this story gripping.  One of those novels I lose sleep over because I can't put it down.  It took me the first few chapters to realize I need to keep track of the dates at the beginning of each chapter or the story gets confusing.  A good mystery that kept me guessing until the end.
I enjoyed this book very much.  It is now well after midnight and I find I have some major questions about how this story ended and can't wait to discuss it tomorrow.  Based on my own assumptions...I'm s bit disappointed that given the chance to tidy up the ending the author did not.  Hummm
I had to read this for my book club. In the beginning, I did not enjoy this book. However, as more characters were brought to light, the book began to hold my interest. How was this all going to come together. At the end it was an OMG. It was worth the slow read at first to get to the end.
I know this is a popular book,  but I thought the writing was self-absorbed and the characters were all unappealing.  I'd say this is sort of<br/>a "Gone Girl"  meets "Jerry Springer"  meets "the real housewives of London."  Not a very classy book in my estimation.
The book is best read in one sitting.  If you read just a chapter or two everyday, it is difficult to distinguish the female characters from one another. I even wondered if they were all the same character. I didn't feel the transitions from one character to the next were abundantly clear.
Once it became clear who did it the book lost some of its appeal , & when the author started sharing more of the characters insights & thoughts revealing the backstory it got kind of boring- all the intrigue leading up to it disappeared & it became a book solely about sad unlikable people.
it was ok, didn't hate reading it but do not recommend it. characters all unlikeable and nothing very unique really happens. it's just not that interesting. it took until I was 80% finished before I really wanted to keep reading to see how it ended. 2.5 stars. WHAT is all the fuss about???
I could not put this book down.  Once I caught on to the style of switching first person narratives, I found the action intense and swift moving.  I was surprised at the end, but I won't spoil that for the reader of this review.  I would have loved to have been in a book club for this one!
Book was depressingly written well. It is told from 3 perspectives. The alcoholic woman on the train, the mistress, and then the victim. About 2/3 of the way, it gets redundant and you just want it to end - enough of the drinking, get on with the story. Ending answered all your questions..
It is rare for me to find a book that I don't figure out the plot early into it. I was torn - going back an forth - trying to figure it all out, just to discover a flaw in my reasoning and having to start all over again. Fantastic read. Love the way it is written. Insight into three minds.
Comparison, but this book is a great on its own. I found the beginning a little tough, especially since the main character is a bit whiny, but then it really picks up. Make sure you keep track of the dates as the book jumps around. Reading this book was a very enjoyable way to spend a day.
If you like books that can be read fast without much substance, this is a good one. I did not like the way the main character was portrayed and how we have to follow her issues, it gets old and I was annoyed. To me it showed women in a weaker light.  Would not read or recommend to others.
At first it started out slow, then it was very interesting with the characters, I thought that Tom would be the one who killed Megan, but at one point I thought when reading the book, Anna was being paranoid and controlling that she could have been the killer. That would be a weird twist.
I have a one year old and have very little time for reading these days. I have several unfinished books lying around because they just didn't keep my attention. Let's just say that the housework suffered for a few days because I couldn't put this book down after my little one went to bed!
The three women who tell their version of the murder mystery are truly flawed individuals, yet I had no difficulty empathizing with them. I was able to figure out whodunnit, but that did not take away from the enjoyment of learning how and why. Generally, a very satisfying mystery novel.
In the beginning I kept getting the two primary characters confused with each other, but as the story got more and more intricate but also clearer to keep the two characters separate as I read.  The Girl on the Train is a well written story, a psychological interplay among the principals.
I loved this book.  I typically can guess the endings in these novels but this one caught me by surprise.  Hawkins' writing is crisp, her characters developed, and the story intriguing.  It is a great beach read--prepare to get hooked and set aside the time to read it through the weekend.
This book kept me up late at night because I had to know what happened next. The story was told from three different characters' points of view and from two different points in time.  There were lots of twists and turns and nothing was what you would expect.  I highly recommend this book.
This is a great book.  The characters, though not my favorite, are interesting as you try to figure out "who dunnit".  I read this for my book club and everyone agreed that they liked the book a lot.  We have a large group 15-25 women every month, and it is rare that we all agree.
Not that this book needs more good reviews ... I liked this book very much. I thought the author did a good job of keeping the suspense alive, and the idea of someone watching others through a train window every day and creating identities and lives for them was interesting and effective.
This was a great book! Not your usual predictable read. I loved that each chapter was either Rachel, Anna or Megan giving you the story in the eyes of three different people instead of just a single narrative. Maybe some predicted the ending, but I never saw it coming. Highly recommended!
This book's plot is not predictable.  It seems to start out rather slowly as the plot is set.  Then hang on to your hat.  The twists and surprises start coming.  Don't try to put the book down then.  It is too late!  This book is recommended for those who are not "faint at heart."
I had  a hard time following the story.  After a few chapters, I realized the author was switching between the main female characters.  Even then, I still had a difficult time getting into the book.  The only thing keeping me reading until the end was wanting to know "who dun it."
Nice Hitchcock tone to the first few chapters, then the narrative fell victim to a tortured plot. If there's such a thing as 'complex and yet somehow one-dimensional', these characters fit. I must not be the right audience, because I kept thinking as I read, "hurry it up, willya?"
It seemed to take forever to plow through the thoughts of the three women in this story, as their characters and lives were built, but it was a bookclub book, so I carried on.  It did get better, but impossible to believe that any murderer would just spill the beans without being  forced.
I read the book on vacation and could hardly put it down.  I couldn't wait to get to the end so I would know what actually happened.  We also read it this month for book club.  Everyone liked the book, but some felt dragged on a bit too long and they were getting tired of Rachel relapsing
A splendid mystery that has no end of false leads and turns, You do not know all the characters until you are halfway through the novel. The debilitating effect of alcohol on the main character causes a tidal wave of fog throughout the novel. Eventually the fog lifts to reveal a surprise.
The author moved between characters flawlessly, knowing just when to leave one person's story and move to another.  The story moved very fast, and I had a very difficult time putting the book down.  I highly recommend this book, especially for anyone liking mysteries filled with suspense.
I became more fascinated with the characters of the three women as I read further. I was intrigued by the relationships in this book. This story by Paula Hawkins was different and I was unsure where it was heading. This lead me hanging in there to find out more. For me a fascinating read.
I enjoyed this book. Having visited London and also having been on many train trips there I could picture the scenes.<br/>It was a book that I couldn't wait to finish so that all the loose ends were tied together. On the other hand I didn't want it to finish. A sign of an enjoyable read.
I love this book.  The story of a damaged and fragile person is something we can all relate to.  I read a lot of these type books and I can usually get close to solving the mystery.  This mystery was well hidden.  As everyone says, if you like "Gone Girl", you will like this book.
I really enjoyed it! The main character, Rachel, is the most fleshed out character, and the chapters with her voice are better than the other narrators - it's obvious that's who the author spent the most time on. That's the only issue, but that's not that big of a deal. You should get it!
This was an amazing read. It's really slow at first and even a bit confusing at times but if you stick with it, it's definitely worth it. You will be on edge the whole time trying to solve everything. And the ending is not a disappointment. They should really make this book into a movie.
The author set up the plot twists very well and took the reader on a slow and steady build up right to the end. The book is written in the style of "Gone Girl" and may be a little too much like that book and not as good. But overall a page turner with a not so predictable ending.
Although the story was OK, I am not sure I could recommend this book, unless you are fairly tolerant of really stupid decision making, time, after time, after time.  By the end, I was so tired of hearing excuses for making terrible decisions, that I was really glad when I got to the end.
Wow just wow. I wanted to read this book because someone was reading it at the pool. They seemed so engrossed. Then I began to read and it was just me being taken on a journey of plot twists and storylines. I will honestly admit that I did not know who Megan's killer was until the phone.
While I enjoyed this book, and found it well-written, I just wish that any of the female leads have been more likable. That being said, the book held my attention and the pace really picked up at the end.  Notwithstanding my misgivings, I would recommend this book – – a good summer read.
Back-and-forth between highly dysfunctional women,each craving what they do not have, peace and solace. Bound together by their circumstances and issues, makes it easy to keep turning the page.  It is bittersweet viewing life through Rachel's eyes, but seeking the next twist in the plot.
When I started reading this book I was confused.  Problem was I didn't read the title of each chapter.  Turns out each chapter is narrated by a particular character.  Overall, it is a very good story with lots of twists and turns and surprises.  Keeps your interest from beginning to end.
Great read. Very interesting story. The girl on the train is the main character who is vulnerable, alcoholic, delusional and obsessive. As this mystery unfolds we begin to see and understand her problems. There is an unexpected twist in the tale. Couldn't put it down. Highly recommended.
Absorbing!  Just a few hints: pay attention to dates on chapters. Pay attention to who's narrating. And recognize that everyone gets it wrong sometimes when telling a tale. Very good story about people I do not need to meet but who are as human and flawed and uplifting as the rest of us.
This is a hard book to mark and close. I wanted to read it all in one swoop, but of course, I couldn't because, well, life! Anyway, the format is wonderful, the characters well drawn, the story fascinating. I hope this author has more stories to tell, I will certainly be an eager reader!
I was looking forward to this book, but I found it to be just "meh." The main problem was the characters, who, in service of the plot, behave stupidly. And their actions are fairly repetitive too, so they become kind of dull and annoying. The whole thing felt false and contrived.
This book is a gripping, engrossing story with no unnecessary fat or fluff. The tightly woven tale features narration by a group of central characters - each so flawed that none of them floats to the top initially as the hero or heroine. The exceptional writing and story keep you hooked.
GREAT story!  I couldn't put it down.  The main character is a train wreck and always doing STUPID things -- I found myself talking to the book "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?""!!!!  I have recommended to all my friends -- wonderful read.  If you enjoyed GONE GRIL -- you will like this.
I am one of those riders who is always looking out the window so this book appealed to me because of that, I guess.  Or, perhaps, it was because I miss London!  Anyway, it was fast moving with relatively interesting characters.  It is not a great book, but it keeps the reader's interest.
One thing stood out for me in developing male portrayal.  He went to Las Vegas with his friends to gamble.?.they were short on finances and lived in Great Britain...did not make much sense to me...  Also I got a little impatient with the drinking.  With all that it was a compelling read.
Very entertaining book. It took me a little while to determine is was 3 separate women she was writing about! I thought at first it may be a woman with multiple personalities! Anyway, the book is quite different from my normal action/adventure type book but very entertaining nonetheless!
It was a very engaging book and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The reason I did not give it 5 stars was because I thought the author tried to keep us guessing by flip flopping every character's behavior over and over.  I just felt that was a bit too easy and a quite confusing to keep track of.
Interesting book! I couldn't put it down. I read it in two days! The story flows easily back and forth between characters. Characters that you sympathize with and root for. Keeps you guessing to the end. This was a good mystery, very suspenseful. I would read other books by Paula Hawkins
Had a good premise and started out interesting and compelling. It quickly lost steam and became dull and repetitive. Definitely unbelievable to the degree one can see into every room in a house from a train's view. Main character disappointing time and again. Ending weak and predictable.
I read this book based on a review I saw posted on Facebook by Stephen King. I figured if he thought it was good, it must be good. He was right. It was full of mystery and intrigue. I really couldn't figure out until almost the very end what really happened.  I highly recommend this one.
I would recommend this book as I found it interesting.  I'm not a huge fan of fiction books, but I did enjoy this book.  It did have me guessing, which most fiction doesn't hold my interest.  I think Paula Hawkins is going to produce some very good books.  Quite a good one for her first.
Started out slowly, but improved to an exciting ending.  Nevertheless, a depressing story about a sad group of people.<br/><br/>A slow start that slowly builds to an exciting ending.. A depressing story about  sad people.
At first, I wasn't sure about the plot and how the author was heading with the story. The more I read, the more I got into trying to figure out who did it and what exactly did they do. Lots of twists and turns in this story. If you like a good murder mystery or thriller, try this story.
I didn't really get into the book until the 2nd chapter but then I was hooked.  It is not my favorite genre but the reviews convinced me to buy it.  It was well written and easy to follow the narration by alternating persons which can be confusing.  I would read more from Paula Hawkins.
Not sure why I continued reading after my self set trial of 82 pages on any book.  I finished the book in four weeks and I never read a book longer than six days.  Just cannot explain the addiction to the story, the characters, the writing.  Thank God it's over.  I'm pathetic.  You win.
After watching this title on the NY Times best seller list for eons, I figured I had to give it a read.  Really liked it and would definitely recommend it.  The time changes from present to past (and vice versa) are done well and keep the plot unfolding in an excellent way.  Thumbs up!!
Girl on a train, was a tough one to read. I was so confused. I only have the opportunity to read a few minutes at a time and every time I picked it up I was totally confused.  The main character, was not likable. Friends loved the book. I tried to read it twice however twice was enough.
This book was a page turner. I could hardly put it down. I particularly liked the character development. I felt such sympathy for Rachel and I thought she was so weak. She turned out to be a strong woman. I liked the way it was written given each character's point of view. A great book.
Extremely good character portrayal by Paula Hawkins.  She  keeps the suspense up right to the very<br/>end. I enjoyed reading it whilst I had a very bad cold and found it good "medicine". I look forward to her next murder mystery novel.<br/><br/>Wendy Woollam in South Africa.
When I first started this book, I was wondering what all they hype was about...but I stuck it out to find out.  It was well worth it.  I really liked this book - an easy read but great hooks and twists.  I wanted to read it on vaca, but finished it 4 days before I left to start my vaca!
This novel is best read in a sitting, as it it hard to put down once started.  The characters here are richly developed and you feel that you know them, flaws and all. Rachel becomes an unlikely heroine, proving that life is rarely what it seems on the surface. Enjoy the train ride.....
I know everyone is raving about this book and it's taken up camp in the NYT bestsellers list, but I found it pretty ridiculous. The characters seemed very one-dimensional and the writing wasn't great. The plo kept (and everyone else raving) kept me reading but it's not one if recommend.
At first I had to keep referring back to the dates to see where I was supposed to be. But, as I became more and more engrossed with the characters I was able to just fly along. It's very original and well developed. It might be hard to make a film of the story but the book is very good.
While I didn't find ANY of the characters likable, I did have great sympathy for these flawed fictional people.  I was drawn into the great mystery and speculated on the perpetrator.  Although correctly identifying the criminal was not difficult, the writing kept my interest throughout.
GREAT read.  You really do not need know where book is headed until quite a ways into it.  and I did not see the ending coming at all.  Be sure to pay attention to the dates on each chapter...that will help you better understand the interwoven story lines.  I would definitely recommend.
Couldnt put this one down. Very intricate plot that kept me guessing until the end. Ending was a little corny but forgivable. This book made laugh out loud so many times, the main character is an absolute train wreck so fitting that she would be the girl on the train. Really enjoyed it.
Convoluted story with an interesting approach re: how the story unfolds.  I did not find any of the characters compelling enough to grab my interest for very long.  This was a Book Club selection so I read it.  Others have liked it a lot so perhaps I missed the whole point of the story.
Wasn't what I would call a number 1 bestseller.  The story was good and the book started out well.  In the middle, it became laborious, and I was glad to finally finish it.  The ending was a surprise, though and that was good.  Overall, I would recommend it, but it was not a great book.
I started this book due to a recommendation from a friend and she didn't steer me wrong. I enjoyed reading this book from start to finish. The characters were fleshed and dimensional. The twists and turns week have you guessing who you can trust. Highly recommended summer beach reading.
While I enjoyed this book, comparing it to Gone Girl, as some critics did, is a stretch. The main character was portrayed well as a sad, unbelievable alcoholic whose actions caused me to cringe multiple times, yet suddenly she was the only one with all the insights...and indeed she was.
Absolutely thrilling book.  A little "Rear Window" feel in the beginning.  I was reading it for a book club.  Was afraid I wouldn't finish in time but then realized I was 70% through.  Couldn't put the book down at that point and finished with 2 weeks to spare!  Loved this book!
This is a very confusing psychological story. Three people tell their view of what is happening. However one is completely made up as she perceived things to be mixed with past happenings in her life. At times in the novel I found it difficult to keep the three main characters separate.
This is an amazing book. I found myself trying to read the bottom of the page, anticipating the next detail of the story. It's so unpredictable with all of its twists and turns, and just when you think you have the story figured out you don't. It's such a thriller and an enjoyable read.
Meh. I found it compelling enough to read in just a few days, but I wouldn't say I enjoyed it. There were some situations that were so unbelievable they were downright silly. And the overlong full confession during the ending wrapped up so tidily it was a little disappointing and telly.
This is a murder mystery,  but it is also an intriguing  insight into the ups and downs, the agony and defeat -- and the ultimate victory --of being a divorced, overweight alcoholic.  The book starts off slowly, but picks up steam about midway and never stops until the end! A good read!
It was a best seller and I wanted to see why. It started slowly and I was at first confused at three people telling the story at different times. By fifty pages I was HOOKED. I just had to keep reading until it was finished. The end was a shocker! Great job. Looking forward to the next.
Lots of twists that kept me glued to the book. I love books that are written from different perspectives giving a much larger insight as to each character's emotions and role in the story. The characters come to life and pull you into the plot keeping you guessing up until the very end.
At times this story is difficult to follow because it is told from the perspectives of different characters.  The characters are interesting.  After finishing this book I had the same sort of feeling that I had after watching a mediocre movie.  I was entertained but I was not thrilled.
I enjoyed this book, not quite the page Turner that it was described but good just the same. At first it was confusing sorting out the characters but midway through that was easier. The ending was not exactly a surprise, but wasn't exactly as I expected. A good beach or rainy day read.
best book I have read in a while.<br/>I love a mystery. especially one that is NOT predictable and boring. and this one is fantastic and unexpected and turns and twists and the POV is unusual. but incredible. I highly highly recommend. Its one book I might buy - to read over and over.
This was a book club selection. The writing is well done, and I understand the author believes it would do well as a movie.  The reader is a bystander watching the imaginary lives of people unfold. While intriguing,  it seem to move slowly at first, but more compelling toward the end.b
Our book club read this as the hype was at a fever pitch here in U.S.  Meh. It was well written, but not one character you could root for or even like. Everyone was really messed up and depressing. 3 stars for good writing, and interesting plot premise, but lacked realistic characters.
An odd book. I both liked it and didn't.  It was a bit dark and disturbing with so much dysfunction in the characters.  I thought the concept was a good one on one level and liked the different way the book was executed but felt it could have been done better.  Interesting but just ok.
This novel was a bit of a surprise.  For me, it was a little difficult to "get into it" at first.  But once it started to roll, I enjoyed it quite a lot.  It's a twisty plot with maybe a few actions by the main character that don't seem to track.  But overall, it's a nice read!
Wasn't expecting to read the ramblings of a self-pitying, falling-down, black-out drunk.  Got 25% read when I chided myself for wasting that much time on the dribble.  Worst book I ever partially read. With a digital book I don't even get the satisfaction of sending it to the landfill.
I HAVE TO ADMIT THAT, AT FIRST, I STARTED GETTING A LITTLE ANTSY.  I DON'T DRINK, AND TO HEAR OF SOMEONE ELSE THAT DOES JIUST GETS ME IMPATIENT.  HOWEVER, IT WASN'T FOR LONG, AND I SUDDENLY FOUND THAT I WAS CAUGHT UP IN THE SUSPENSE AND TRYING TO GUESS WHO DID IT.  I REALLY ENJOYED IT.
If you liked Gone Girl, you'll like The Girl on the Train!  It was a quick read, page turner that kept me wanting to read more (and may have cost me some sleep...)  :)  Kept me thinking and really made me feel for each of the women in the story and understand all of their perspectives.
One of the most annoying books I have ever read--at the beginning.  People I don't know are telling me things I don't care about and people I haven't met (nor has the speaker either).  However, quite a good way into the story, things picked up and the story turned out to be quite good.
I read it all in one night, I could not put it down until I knew what had happened. It had a few sad triggers for me, but I really loved the writing and the tale that was expertly weaved. I kind of guessed the ending, but was still surprised by some twists. I would recommend this book.
i actually didn't like the characters in the book..i had little sympathy for any of them..the main character rachael was totally annoying ..the plot was way over the top and very convoluted..i didn't feel as if i was kept in suspense..i felt as if i wanted to get this book over with ..
I was surprised that this book stayed on the top of the Best Seller list for so long.  I found it to be very depressing and  I almost abandoned it before the end as I thought it was predictable and not very exciting at all.  I finished it just on general principal but did not enjoy it.
My daughter from LA called to ask if I had read the book and what did I think about it? I told her that I enjoyed reading the book very much. She told me that her friend had gone to the library to borrow the book and was told that there was a waiting list of 8000 but she could sign up!
In a nutshell, The Girl On The Train is a psychological thriller that I think you'll find to be well worth your investment in time and money!<br/><br/>I won't spend time describing its plot, as this has been done quite well in the Amazon Book Description above as well as in many reader reviews. Besides, this is the type of book, similar to Gone Girl, that the less you know at the time you start the book, the more enjoyable it will likely be for you once you get into it. As a matter of fact, I think if you were reading this book when you were on a train, you might be so engrossed in it that there would be a good chance that you'll miss your stop.<br/><br/>Although I was a bit confused at the beginning of The Girl On A Train by Hawkins' style of using intersecting timelines and quickly moving from one character's narrative to another, it didn't take long for me to not only get used to this style but to become engrossed with it. Also, to Hawkins' credit, while I didn't come to like any of the three key female characters as well as the two primary male characters, I found myself quickly turning the pages to find out what happens next with each of them.<br/><br/>As mentioned above, I don't want to go into any detail about how and why these characters lives are intertwined in order to avoid spoiling anything for you, I will say, however,  that similar to Gone Girl,  The Girl On The Train has an above average share of twists and turns and an ending that, while not totally unpredictable, I will think you'll find to be satisfying.<br/><br/>Paula Hawkins deserves the vast amount of praise she's gotten with her debut in fiction writing with The Girl On The Train, and I will be looking forward to her next book.
Really enjoyed this book.  It was kind of slow to start off with yet it kept you attention in that you kept wondering, Where is this going?  It reminded me alot of Gone Girl although much less twisted.  It kept me guessing almost to the end but I figured it out before it was revealed.
Good read - kept me interested throughout. The suspense was kept up; enjoyed the pace.  While some of the characters were explored fairly thoroughly, some were not - perhaps more insight into more of the major ones would have given the book abit more meat. All in all, quite enjoyable!
I enjoyed this book very much, and have recommended it to others.  I listened on the audio version and the reader was good, too.  Didn't love the main character but still cared what happened to her and it kept my interest from beginning to end. I look forward to more from this author.
This book was quite interesting. The characters were well drawn. I did find the start slow. I put it down for a few weeks getting through the first couple chapters. And then, you start to wonder. And you think is it her? Him? Her? I was guessing until the end. Really enjoyed the book.
The train reference in the title is appropriate, since the story is like walking a very twisted train wreck.<br/><br/>Although the characters are each flawed in their own way, their characters are very believable.<br/><br/>Great story with lots of unexpected turns along the track.
This book had a twisting plot that kept you guessing all the way to the end. It wasn't edge of your seat excitement, but you always were trying to figure out how everything would tie in. I wouldn't have guessed the ending. I'm glad that I read it & would read more books by this author
Obviously publishers expected similar reaction from the public as Gone Girl.  This is a well-written, suspenseful novel with twists and turns, but for some reason I didn't really care about the main character.  A good "beach read" -- fast-paced page-turner.  OK, but not great.
It took a little while to get into, but once I did, I couldn't put it down! It was very suspenseful, and always had me on my toes,trying to come up with new theories about the plot. It was a very dark version of "The Hangover." (Kidding) I recommend it to anyone who wants a fast read!
It was a good read, but I swear the author got the idea from Law and Order: SVU.  There was an episode about 5 years ago with a very similar story line.  I kind of figured out the real culprit midway through the book, so it wasn't as suspenseful as I had hoped or been led to believe,.
It was not once my heart almost stopped beating while I was reading this book. It's amazing how the author managed to do it - she just griped your throat and didn't leave until you have ended reading. So deep characters, so fascinating story - I just can give this book all five stars.
This book was better than I expected, when I heard of it, I decide to take a chance and read it. The storyline and characters are well written, dividing the story into three separate parts told from three different characters until the final confirmation. Great to read on a road trip.
The Girl on the Train is a very hard read. I'm finding it very difficult to get through the book. I know it has received great reviews, but I am unable to  agree. Very confusing and uninteresting. I have discussed this with book with many people and most of them feel the same as I do.
For me, this book started as a light whimsical read about a girl on a train but, after a while I just wanted it to end. Unfortunately, that meant reading through the sordid details of this pathetic story. I believe it was well written but it left me wanting a shower and some sunshine.
This is a very well written thriller. The setting,including the train is quite interesting.,after a number of pages and meeting the characters, you can begin to hear the train and feel the train as the book gains momentum. The ending is as exciting as the movement of a speeding train!
A real page turner! I recommend this story for those of you who know the best written characters are neither black or white or good or bad - but a little of everything. The author gives us flawed and believable characters whose actions keep you reading and guessing until the very end.
This is just plain weird.  These women in the book are very very strange.  Their thought process and patterns.  I had trouble continuing to read it.  I kept putting it down.  I'm still not finished and may not finish.  I wish they would give you more detail of the country it's set in.
A mystery that will have you guessing to the very end. Told from the views of Rachel, Anna, and Megan, we get to see how different parts of the story weave together. Each person sees the situations in a different light and it makes you realize that you may not truly know someone else.
I've never written a review before and don't do this lightly. This is one of the best stories I've listened too or read in along time. So well written. I highly recommend it. I'm losing track of time listening to it. I hope someone makes a movie out of this. I can't wait to see it! JC
This book is a soap opera, period.  There is some mystery and suspense, but overall unrealistic, and annoying.  I could not relate to any of the characters in this book, because no one behaves in the fashion!  I would not recommend the read.  I am, honestly, shocked it is so popular.
I really liked this book.  There were a lot of twists and I did sympathize with the main character.  I actually feel what she's going through in a weird sort of way.  I can't give away too much of the plot, but in the end I figured out the twist which is why I had to give it 4 stars.
This book breaks so many rules. There's lots of internal monologue and no characters are truly sympathetic, but the pacing is superb and the story-telling is excellent. I can see why this is such a phenomenal bestseller. I think it has to be the best book ever for reading on a train!
This book reminds me of the twists and turns in Gone Girl. The reader has so many options and yet the answers are hard to come by. Three women--Rachel, Megan, and Anna. So different and yet so alike.<br/><br/>If you like psychological thrillers this book will give you quite a ride.
This book is told from the perspective of three female narrators and one especially unreliable main character because she’s a hopeless drunk. The author created deeply compelling characters, a plot that kept me guessing and a satisfying ending. I honestly couldn’t put this book down.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was a fast read and a page turner.  I enjoyed the various first-person narrations.  As for violence and sexual content, it was minimal and mostly as reference.  The main character was interesting to me and I enjoyed the murky, unreliable narration.
I like that the book came from the perspective of multiple people though I felt like I was going back and forth a lot, keeping track of days & times (which was a bit annoying). It was a good suspense novel- not super predictable like many can be. I read this book easily in a weekend.
Loved this book. The author kept me guessing who was the murderer until near the end. Various clues made me keep changing my mind. It was also interesting to see how the main character justified her alcoholic binges and how others dealt with her drinking. Very interesting throughout.
Found the storyline boring with each chapter told in the first person of three women and early in book that was confusing.  A Brit would probably find it easier reading as they are most likely more aware of London area geography.  Definitely would be more appealing to women then men.
I had little patience for this. It dragged on and on. I liked the premise but then none of the characters grabbed my interest and I felt like all of them just needed to get a grip. I kept waiting for it to get good since so many people seemed to enjoy it, but it never clicked for me.
You have to slog through pages of self-indulgent, unlikeable people to get to the pretty good, slow-building mystery-thriller ending.<br/>Thankfully, there was some empathy for the main character by the end of the book… but, nose - I've ruined it for you. (Good train commuter read.)
This book started off slow....dragging.....chugging along. Then for some unknown reason it got good....I was shocked to realize its true this is good and it does have mystery an suspense an problems an not that many 10step solutions.I see a good Alfred Hitchcok movie in this novel...
This book was a little confusing at first jumping back and forth in time from different character's perspectives. But it all comes together so well and keeps you on the edge of your seat. Best book I've read sine Gone Girl. I highly recommend this book, you won't want to put it down.
I really had a hard time putting this on down.  I remember thinking where is it going to go.  I first the main character was tough for me to handle.  I really began to like her as the story progressed.  I liked this book better than Gone Girl.  I can see where those two are compared.
Easy reading but very evocative ....you can almost see the movie unfolding before your eyes as you read this one. Comparisons have been made to Gone Girl, but even if you have read that book (or seen the movie), this book is still refreshingly different, lighter too so worth reading.
Good plot with some good twists and keeps you guessing to the end, but the story is weighed down way too much with the main character's alcoholic behavior.  I would have given it 5 stars, but having to constantly read about her drinking page after page kind of ruined the book for me.
I found it hard to believe so many mixed up people could live on the same block. None of the characters seem to be flesh and blood people but rather caricatures; consequently I couldn't get too invested in the book.  However, I did have to finish it to solve the mystery of the death.
It got off to a slow start and I wondered why it was on the best seller list. It didn't take too long to find out why. There were so many issues boiling beneath the surface that built to a "seat-gripping" finale. Well worth the read with unforgettably mal-adjusted characters.
I really liked the multiple narrators and the suspense that built up. I refrained from giving it 5 stars because I found the ending a bit overdone and unrealistic. The final outcome was plausible, but some of the details of how it happened weren't for me. Still worth the read though.
Reminiscent of Gone Girl but certainly is not Gone Girl.  This book is an entertaining read but one can see the ending from a mile away.  Enjoyed it but would recommend Cutting for Stone, Mountains Beyond Mountains, Sarah's Key, Book Thief, Glass Castle, way before recommending this.
Intriguing book. Well written and engaging. Only thing - more than once I was asking myself, why would a person do some of the things the main character did? If you accept that she sometimes let her temptations (don't do that - are you crazy?) overrule logic it is a really good read.
A tale of a depressed drunk who believes she is worthless because her ex made her think so. Certainly a pager turner for the murder mystery part of the novel, but; a statement overall of how men can so easily belittle women. A brutal story of torture both physical and psychological .
Woman on train sees something out her window- alcoholic, thriller, possible murder from three angles/voices.  At times it was slow, and at times confusing, but overall a good quick read. The view from the train and the coming in and out of focus the most fascinating part of the book.
This book has all the suspense of Gone Girl but the denouement is more satisfying.  The suspense mounts as the heroine tries to piece her memories back together.  I had a hard time putting the book down and finished it in under 24 hours.  I would definitely recommend it to my sister.
Ok book but not one I would recommend
Sorry thought it was slow and boring.
Did not like it. Could not finish it.
There is a lot of hype about this book and it so worth it.  The reason I was initially drawn to it was because I am a Girl on a Train. Watching the same houses go by as the train makes the same trip day after day, it’s easy to see how a girl like Rachel could let her imagination run away with her.  She has fabricated a history about a particular couple she sees regularly out on their back terrace.  But there’s more to Rachel’s story than just being an imaginative commuter. She’s a raging alcoholic in denial about losing her job because of her drinking problem.  Her drunkenness and frequent blackouts make her an unreliable narrator.  Add to the mix an ex-husband and his new family who live down the block from her fantasy couple in her former home, and Rachel is a hot mess.<br/><br/>When mystery girl Megan goes missing, Rachel convinces herself she witnessed a key component to what might have happened to Megan.  Rachel’s drinking and desperation do nothing for her credibility, and when she involves herself in the investigation, she only succeeds in making herself look like an obsessive nutter.  I hate to admit that it was kind fun of watching her train-wreck of a life (pun intended) unravel even more as she foolishly inserts herself into Megan’s world.  Despite her pathetic attempts at piecing together fragments of memories, her intuition that something nefarious has happened is spot on.  Regardless of the more cringe-worthy moments, I had so much fun rooting for Rachel to stay sober so she could get to the bottom of the mystery.  She doesn’t always succeed in being likeable, but Rachel’s flaws make her all the more pitiable, sort of an unlikely anti-hero.
The changes in point of view and timeline is certainly not for the easily confused, but I personally enjoyed this approach to telling the story. I figured out the ending half way through the book, but the best part was seeing how that conclusion came to be. Definitely a worthy read.
Psycho characters, mystery, lots of drama ... I couldn't put the book down.  However, I couldn't admire any of the characters in the least, and I didn't feel uplifted, or enriched in any way.  On the contrary, I was disappointed ... And easily figured out the ending ahead of time...
I had found a quick review of this one in a magazine and could not wait to get my hands on it!  Quick read, perfect for a vacation or long road trip.  Author has a remarkable ability to draw you in to the main character and want to feel sorry for her while feeling she is delusional!
I was expecting an edge of your seat thriller but found it rather dull and boring.  WAY to much time is spent on Rachel's alcoholic stupor and not enough time on the murder mystery.  It kept my interest long enough to finish the book so I'll give it a 3 instead of the 2 it deserves.
I found the book to be slow, boring in places, and rather depressing.  There was not a character in the book that I liked.  In fact some places the book was just dumb.  I gave it 3 stars because I finished it so that is a plus.  Some books I don't even finish if they are really bad.
I loved this book.  First and foremost it's an fascinating story.  Each character speaks in first person. I'm a skeptical reader, always thinking I know what's coming, but this book kept me on my toes.  I loved it and would recommend it to anyone looking for a very interesting read.
One of the best books I have read in quite a while. Well done to the author for her ability to write so convincingly from three people's point of view. She was able to make me feel like I was each person, in turn. I could really relate to each of the characters in some way. Love it!
Good read, but in the end a tad predicatable.  It did have me stumped for a bit, but there was a certain point where I was sure I knew what was going to happen so the motivation to finishing reading changed into proving myself right instead of reading to try and figure things out...
This book is definitely this year's version of "Gone Girl". It was a fun fast read, and I liked it - but it's not something that has any re-read value. The "who done it" reveal at the end was obvious from midway through. But still - it was a decent entertaining read.
I really enjoyed following the story from the three different perspectives, & watching the stories converge upon the inevitable conclusion. If you liked Gone Girl, I think you'd like this book. I wanted to hurry up & get to the answer but at the same time I didn't want it to end....
Thrilling,  you won't be able to guess what happened until towards the end.  If you enjoyed Gone girl I believe you will enjoy this.  I enjoyed gone girl a little more I believe because I could relate to the narrators more (crazy I know).  I most enjoyed Rachel's POV and dialogue.
I have to say I had no idea where this story was going. But the author put a lot of time in thinking about the story..or it showed her. Great story, great plot, and set up for the story. Recommend this highly. So much to deal with here regarding relationships, and life...well done!!
I loved this book.  Usually I can predict who "did it" halfway through the book.  This time I did not guess until the very end! I was mesmerized from the beginning to the end.  The main character's alcoholism was hard to for me to read, but it added to the book and the plot.
The format (morning/evening) is completely unnecessary and it is incredibly hard to like any of the characters, especially Rachel. I understand that some books exist where you maybe don't need to be completely in love with the characters, but everyone in this book is just the worst.
I read this on one of the first Kindles, which are difficult to go backward in to check what happened earlier in the story. I found it difficult to track the three female characters of major importance at first and to understand the signifigance of the dates in the Chapter headings.
As difficult as it may be to follow 3 totally different characters throughout 3 totally different stories, the author made sure you knew exactly how they tied together and it was weirdly construed. I appreciate the authors new vision and I thoroughly enjoyed where the story took me.
I absolutely enjoyed every moment of this book!  I had no idea what this would be about, and am thankful for that - so I shan't add anything here except to tell you to read it.  It was slow in spots, fast in others - and I thought I had it all squared more than twice...  Love that!
Wonderful mystery with lots of twists and turns!  Kept me guessing right up to the end. I enjoyed it very muchhttps://m.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10205649549579049&set;=np.126383050.100000950819390&type;=1&refsrc;=https%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com%2Fn%2F&refid;=13&src;=email_notif&_rdr#_=_
I really enjoyed this book! I never expected the twists and turns, or the emotion from this book. it started off a little slow, but then I couldn't put it down! I enjoyed the story, writing and characters in this book. I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good book to read.
This is an excellent thriller. I hope this book does well for the author. I usually read books from authors I recognize or have read before. When I read the brief summary, it caught my attention. And it was hard to put down. What a pleasant surprise from a new author. Best of luck!
It took me a while to pay attention to the headings of the characters names and that I was reading the viewpoints of 3 different characters, but once I caught on, I loved this style!  I so enjoyed how the plot twisted to a place I wasn't expecting but made perfect sense in the end!
Started off intriguing enough, but ended up reading like a Lifetime Movie. Complicated characters were reduced to either "good" or "bad." There's been a lot of comparison between this book and Gone Girl, and if that's why you bought the book, you'll be disappointed.
AMAZING read! I was looking for a good "grabber" book - one that you start reading and it pulls you in - and I found it with the Girl on the Train! I think of this as a combo of Gone Girl and The Husband's Secret. Both great reads, adding this one to my recommendation list.
Compelling story told by 3 women.  Story has intrigue, suspense and drama.  Question:  Should I continue or should I stop reading.  I decided to continue and find out the ending.  It was worth the suspense and adventure.  Basing the events and story around the train ride was great.
I really enjoyed this book!  The characters were pretty well-developed, and the plot just keep getting thicker!  I just couldn't stop reading once I got started!  I think any who enjoys a good romantic mystery would enjoy this book!  It certainly held my attention with no problem!!
It's really not another Girl Gone as many reviewers have indicated. The only similarity is the back and forth of two voices. Train doesn't have quite the "ohmygod NO" effect as Gone, but the characters are more believable and more easily identified with. It's a page-turner.
This was a great book.  I like the premise of starting with a girl that rides the train.  You will question everyone's behavior and that is exactly what makes this such a great story.  Things are never what they seem, and the story flips tracks just like a train would cross tracks.
I was pulled in by the premise and wanted to like it. I expected to find more twists and turns. But in the end, I found myself speed-reading to get to the big finale, which turned out to be lackluster. The narrative was long-winded and flat. And the characters weren't very likable.
This is a great mood. We read it for our book club and had a lively discussion about the plot at our last meeting. It ranks up there as one of our favorites.  It is easy to see why they call it the next Gone Girl.  It is deserving of being on th NY Times best book list for so long.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book except it was hard to follow each chapter which character was the first person talking.  Also sometimes it was hard to follow the chain of events and dates.  With all of that, I would still recommend this book to those who enjoy a great murder mystery
I loved this novel. It drew me in from the start. It has a very hypnotic quality about it. The technique of changing character's point's of view and jumping back and forth in time are very effective. It keeps you guessing to the end. I cannot wait for the next story by this author.
Don't quite understand why this is on top of the Bestseller's List.  It was okay....I kept reading, because I was more curious than anything else.  It really didn't meet my expectations at the end.  Maybe it's me, but just didn't quite get the whole thing.  Meaning what's so great?
I was hooked from the beginning on this book.  Intriguing story and hard to put down.  Read in three days and recommended to my sister who was sick.  She too loved the book and read in two days.  In the genre of Gone Girl though not quite as complicated a story and a better ending.
A great psychological thriller that kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish. I loved the setting and concept of the storyline and how it kept me guessing until the end. Thank you Paula Hawkins for a great read, I'll be looking forward to any other books you might write.
An intriguing story that is reminiscent of both 'Gone Girl' and 'Rear Window'. The mystery is slowly revealed through remembrances of the major female characters.  While I wanted to know the answer of what happened, the story moved slowly and had more than a few improbable threads.
Overall a good book, definitely something I "couldn't put down." I enjoyed getting different perspectives of the exact same situation, I thought that was a smart play by the author. Without giving too much away, eventually you will figure it out and the end is definitely harrowing.
I thought this story started out very slowly and was hard for me to stay interested at the beginning of the book.  I did finish the book and thought the end of the book was much better.  I had heard so much about this book, that I think I expected it to be much better than it was.
An intricate mystery full of twists and turns, combined with heartbreaking moments of love and loss -- this book never stops surprising you, and I highly recommend it to fans of Gone Girl and psychological thrillers in general, or to anyone who enjoys beautiful, heartfelt writing.
I was very disappointed in this book.  First of all, it's very confusing at first to understand who is who in the story.  The back-and-forth voices telling the story makes it disjointed --- at least for me.  It took me WEEKS to finish reading it --- not at all caught by the story.
The book was decent and an easy read, however I could not get attached to the main protagonist, Rachel, as her character appears unlikely to exist in real life. The book was predictable, especially in the way it made me wait until the last 20 percent to reveal who the bad guy was.
Absolutely excellent.  Very well written, with a flavour of Hitchcock about it.  It starts from a very normal situation, and soon develops a range of abnormal and then suspenseful challenges, which really force the reader to think.  And a fantastic ending.  Very impressive indeed.
I loved this book,  It may not be great literature but it was a page turner.  The ending was a little contrived.  I felt like it was written more for a scene in a movie with all the rain, thunder and so many missed opportunities to get help.  But, it kept me entertained for hours!
Interesting that a lot of the story was told through the thoughts of the main characters and less through dialogue/conversation between the characters.  Confusing for the first part of the book because you did not know each of the characters and their interaction within the story.
I found the beginning of this book confusing.  Therefore I got off t a slow start. However, I kept at it and finally and almost midpoint it all began t make sense!<br/>I enjoyed the others attention t details and description.  Then bam out of nowhere the guilty party is revealed.
I found this book fascinating! It is a who don it, but you aren't sure who is guilty until the very end! I found the writing to be very, very good and the premise intriguing. I recommend this book as a darn good read. I finished it in a couple of sittings and enjoyed the escapism.
A STORY OF THREE  MENTALLY UNSTABLE WOMEN AND THEIR MEN.  HORRIFYING SITUATIONS,SCARY. SO WELL WRITTEN,IMPOSSIBLE TO PUT DOWN.  I USED TO BE A DRUNK, MENTALLY UNBALANCED PERSON. I RECOGNIZED MYSELF IN EACH OF THE WOMEN-this author captured the essence  of craziness.Very well done.
The characters are hopeless with few redeeming aspects of their lives depicted. The mystery was easy to solve halfway through. The language is disgusting, with every favorite curse word in the lexicon, including the name of Jesus in the same sentence as "f". Lovely, simply lovely.
Saw this book at Barnes and Nobel about a month ago and knew i had to read it! I downloaded it on Sunday night, and after less than two days I have already finished it! If you like a  good twist in a book, then you need to read this! Can't wait to pick up another one of her works.
I thought the story was slow in the beginning and I almost gave up.  I never do... but I have to say that once over the hump the story screamed by and became an incredible page turner.  Super story ..... I understand why it has been on the best seller list.  I highly recommend it.
Lots of hype on this book.  I enjoyed it but contrary to some reviewers (quoted on the book cover and in the amazon.com review), I found it totally predictable.  I enjoyed it because it was a fast read and interesting.  I hear it's going to be made a movie, so I'm glad I read it.
I got this book from the library and on a stormy day I started reading it.  At first I said it was too depressing but I got into the story and literally could not put it down. Surprised me that it was so good because when you read the back information,it doesn't sound that great.
Page 178.  It clicked what was going on on page 178.  I had my suspicions about 20 pages before that, but it became obvious then.  And again on page 191.  Maybe its my background as a therapist??  I almost wish it hadn't become obvious because I was SO enjoying the mystery of it.
At first the story line dragged and I felt nothing for the protagonist. I don't have much sympathy for alcoholics. But seeing the plot from the train window and all that follows slowly had me interested and finally sold. The story is told in an interesting new (for me) technique.
This book was a good read.  In the beginning you wonder where it's going, but then the plot begins to unfold.  Once it got to this point I couldn't put it down.  I can see why it's on the best seller list.  I would definitely recommend it to those who like to be kept in suspense.
I gave in to all the publicity in downloading this book.  I tried a sample first, decided it was too dark and gave up.  Eventually I tried again.  I wasn't completely predictable, but the dark quality continued throughout, becoming increasingly hopeless.  I was very disappointed.
This book is overrated.  Using first person narrative for all characters was uninspiring.  There were no likeable characters.  The mystery wasn't that difficult to solve;  I correctly suspected the killer about halfway through.  It is a quick read, though, and mildly interesting.
I didn't know what to expect when I started this book. I tried to read Gone Girl and didn't get too far because I need to be hooked early in the book. Something with this book kept me going. I loved how you couldn't predict the ending. It's a great read! Read it whenever I could!
Wow, didn't see that great read coming. I got hit in the face with the plot and loved it. If you read one book this year ... this is the one. I started reading it and hating it ... but then I couldn't put it down. And then ... the train runs me over and I'm blown away.  LOVED IT.
I loved this book.  It's been getting a lot of press that it is the "next Gone Girl."  I don't know about that - it's different, in my opinion, but it is equally as twisted and disturbing!  It is definitely worth the read if you in for a fast read that keeps you guessing!
I couldn't put it down.  The only reason it's getting 4 stars is I had it figured out about 3/4 of the way through.  It was obvious once she started feeling the fear surrounding the blackouts.  Worth reading but I've see a few comparisons to Gone Girl and it's not nearly as good.
At first this book was confusing and hard to follow. Pay close attention to dates and chapter titles. Then it became so interesting I was not able to stop reading.  Really only  5 main characters and many supporting characters but each  was so important to story. A great mystery!
Very good plot and characters that were flawed and so real you would swear they were real. Nice twists, real suspense with no predictability. The one draw back for me was the use of profanity where it was not needed. Despite this it was a GREAT read and I couldn't put it down!!!!
This book was just okay. I was looking for something as suspenseful as Gone Girl, and this book just wasn't it. I almost stopped reading the book a few times because the main character was pretty irritating, but I'm glad I didn't. The last few chapters were actually pretty good.
This book held my attention with a surprise ending. For that I give it one star. However, it seemed to make abuse of women a common thing and the women were made to feel that they somehow deserved it and kept coming back for more. I hated that part of it. Also the foul language.
I enjoyed this book immensely. Great, flawed characters...didn't figure out the whodunit part of the story until @ 90% through the book. I wish there could have been a more satisfying ending, because I want to know what happen to Scoot and Anna once the murder mystery is solved.
I guess after hearing so many people talk about this book I expected it to hold my attention a bit more. I was slightly disappointed. A good story but not great read. It started out really intriguing but as I got more into the story it was a bit confusing. I did like the ending.
This is an easy to read page turner, but also a forgettable and pointless story. So , for simple mindless entertainment it's ok. If you are looking for a beautifully written book or something thought provoking those isn't it.  It was perfect for my hours long plane ride.  Enjoy!
Not the best book I've ever read but not the worst either. Seemed like the author wanted to say a lot more but couldn't or didn't. It served its purpose, it kept me off my feet post surgery and I fell asleep and I could pick up and not feel like I had missed something important.
Many raved about this book, but I found it slow-moving, and the final chapters and storyline too far of a stretch with a host of coincidences that were far from believable. Not my favorite summer reading.....and how many times did the word "bile" get utilized? Gross.....
It was a page tuner, but it tried a little too hard and the hints about the "bad guy" we're a little heavy handed. I was not surprised by the revelation. More subtlety and restraint throughout would have been welcome but it was entertaining even if a bit too predictable.
I enjoyed the story and the way it was told by all (major) characters. Had a Hitchcock flavor to it.<br/>Anyone who enjoys watching people and imagining what their lives are like or who they are should enjoy this book.<br/>I am looking forward to other novels by Paula Hawkins.
The book was very hard to get into kind of dragged especially in the middle.  I didn't have a lot of sympathy for most of the characters most of the time. However towards the end the story was a lot more entertaining and exciting and the characters showed a little more humanity.
The Girl on a Train is an intriguing read but it's characters miss the mark slightly.  Like watching a reality tv show or a bad horror movie the characters literally had me yelling, "What are you doing?!"<br/><br/>Recommending this book for beach reads or a fans of reality tv!
Just short of 5 stars, narrated in alternation by the 3 main characters.<br/>Unfortunately, while the idea is great, two of the characters are so similar, it's difficult to tell them apart.<br/>Nevertheless, quite suspenseful.<br/>A real page-tuner (if Kindles had real pages)
I really liked this book. There were nights when I had trouble putting it down to get to sleep. My husband read it in two days which is VERY unusual for him! He is very critical about what he reads.  He really liked this novel of twists, suspense and some "dark" moments.
I bought this book to read on a 10 hour train journey. I was hooked from the start! That was the fastest 10 hour journey ever! When I arrived I was 88% through and wanted to stay longer on that train to finish, resentful almost that I had arrived where the train would terminate.
While I felt compelled to keep reading to the end, ultimately it was a very disappointing book for me.  I also thought, as an ex-pat, I would enjoy the English setting, but that wasn't enough to offset the shoddy plotting and simplistic writing.  Others may enjoy -- just not me.
The Girl on the Train is told from three points-of-view. The weakness with the voices is they are very similar. Sometimes I'd have to page back to see who was speaking. As clever is the concept, the writing strength lags. An relatively entertaining read though often predictable.
Excellent book.  Great writing and made you know the characters.  Kept me guessing for a while before I figured it out.  It was fast moving all the while exploring the personalities of the characters.  Some good, some not so good!  I really enjoyed this book more than Gone Girl.
I can't understand why the folks on CBC radio praised this book so highly. I found it very boring and repetitive.  Over and over again we hear that the main character was drunk again and can't remember what happened that night and she does some foolish actions that annoy others.
If you're looking for something quick and fun, this is a great read. I read it with a group of girls for our monthly book club. I would say that most of us read it in only a few days. Though I didn't care for any of the book's characters, it really hooks you from the beginning.
Not since reading Gone Girl have I enjoyed a book as much as this. It definitely kept me guessing who the villain was for the first two thirds of the novel. The ending was okay. I felt like the author was trying to quickly tie up loose ends, but all in all an entertaining read.
I was glad that I finally read The Girl on the Train. So many people had recommended it. This book reminded me of Gone Girl, although I felt it had more of a depressing tone to it.  It was well written, holding my attention throughout, and I was quite satisfied with the ending.
If you love being inside other people's heads, this is the book for you. (I sound like Stephan!) I enjoyed the writing, the way the book is constructed, and the resolution. Don't get it on Kindle, however; it's easier to go back and re-read parts when you think, "Huh??"
The principle is a troubled angry neurotic alchoholic young woman who has such a failed personal life that she has to project her self into the lives of perfect strangers. After the murderer is revealed you don't have any sense that her personal life is on a more positive path.
VERY intriguing story.  This is not normally the kind of genre I am interested in when choosing a new novel, but--that being said--I loved this story.  My husband and I read it together and neither one of us could put it down. I would suggest to anyone looking for a quick read!
The characters are real, I particularly liked Rachel,  she was a believable character, somehow despite her flaws, missteps and sad life I still believed she was not completely lost.<br/>I was disappointed in the ending. What happened to Anna. The ending was boring, a let down.
The beginning was very slow, as others have stated (And Rachel was SO depressing). About 30% in the storyline gained momentum and kept me guessing and wrongly  predicting the outcome . I was totally engrossed for an entire afternoon. I couldn't put it down until I was finished.
It was just like Gone Girl. I wanted to throw the book across the room when I was done, but since it was my Kindle Fire, I decided not to.  It is a predictable story with unbelievable characters no one cares about nor would you want to.  Such a disappointment with all the hype.
I had heard reviews from friends that I needed to read this book, and it certainly didn't disappoint. Full of twists and turns. I first felt sorry for Rachel as she was made out to be such a failure, but as the story develops you begin to see how twisted the 'truth' can become.
It was a read. I wanted more and more, hoping the end would clear things up a bit but I have to say much info was given that was not accounted for. I felt there were some loose ends for sure. But if you have a trip and need a read this will keep you turning pages, asking whyyy.
It's easy to see why this page-turner is a bestseller - the story moves between three female characters, pulling you deeper and deeper into the novel. Tough to put down - I read it in 2 sittings - so don't be surprised if you find yourself putting other things aside to read on.
I found this much too wordy.  It took forever to make a point.  I usually finish reading a book in about 3 days.  I am still reading this only because I hate not finishing something I've started.  I wouldn't necessarily recommend this book, unless you like too much information.
A disturbing story about abusers and abused. The psychology of alcoholism and guilty complexes, tied into murder and blame. Sad people who are living fantasy lives, unable to discern the truth, aiding and abetting each other's delusions, ultimately self destructing their lives.
Good character development and twists and turns keeps the reader guessing who is the murderer. Rachel seems so despondent and out of control of her life in the beginning, but I found myself cheering for her, hoping she could get her life back on  track. Really enjoyed the book!
I was caught by the idea of imagining the life of people in houses the main character saw on her regular train commute.  It started out interestingly but made me cringe as the lead character made bad decisions.  As the story moved on I didn't connect with any of the characters.
I generally don't read mysteries, but wanted a beach read. Read it in two days;that's the best thing about this book.The pain is over quickly. Could not be invested in the female characters. They bored me. And the mystery is due to drunken blackouts? Cheap stunt. Waste of time.
Couldn't put this book down.  It captured my attention and kept me interested until the very last page.  Unusual but utterly fascinating in the way it was written.  A really great read and would highly recommend it to those who are looking for a well-written and enjoyable book.
I am one of the few that is not a big fan of Gone Girl. Therefore when Girl on a Train was compared to Gone Girl I was not interested. So glad I decided to read this. Couldn't put it down. Excellent character development coupled with suspense and mystery makes this a must read.
Interesting read that held my attention for the most part. I found it rushed the ending and revealed a bit too much too early and I felt that it could have further explored some of the dynamics of the new relationship/alliance that formed leading in to the climax. Worth a read.
After a slow start and with a heroine verging on unlikable, this book turned into a page turner.  The book wanders from one suspect to the next until it finally leads to least likely but most senseable conclusion. As with any mystery thriller the twist at the end is unexpected!
This is not Gone Girl, but the story is interesting and suspenseful. The "girl" on the train is a weak, alcoholic, vengeful ex-wife who interacts with people, some she knows, others she can't remember. It's not a feel good book, but it ends with a satisfying conclusion.
There were no "healthy" people in this book. Between black outs, moving marriage partners, and nut cases I found no one to root for. I kept thinking I would come around but I did not. Sad really because Hawkins is good writer, maybe I need a better way to pick my books.
What I liked best about this mystery story is how it keeps you guessing.  I usually have the story figured out fairly early on,  but not so with  "The Girl On The Train"  I had to wait until the last few pages and let the author explain it...surprise ending...very entertaining!
Have you ever sat near the window on a train and observed people in their apartments, offices, or homes! Children playing outside the same time every day? Husbands leaving for work? A secretary staring at a computer screen? A woman looking happy and serene or quite disturbed? Paula Hawkins grabs the reader as the main character, Rachel, rides the 8:02 AM to London every business morning and conjures up stories about the people she sees from the train. Rachel returns from London a 5:00 train, but in between she is roaming around London pretending to her landlord, Cathy, that she has a job.<br/><br/>Rachel is an alcoholic, spending her time and money sloshing from scene to scene. Her drunken escapades produce blackouts making her voyeurism on the train remarkable. Rachel has no self esteem since she has lost her husband, Tom, to another woman. She is more than forlorn, she barely functions. I felt like the author was moving me from one drunken stupor to another.<br/><br/>Rachel observes an idyllic couple from the train and then sees their lives change. She is so desperate to be worthy to someone, she pretends she may know more than she does about the woman, Megan, the beautiful woman of this destructive couple. Hawkins uses Rachel's alcoholism as a barrier to reality undercutting any self confidence for her. The women in the plot are part cloying, depressed and hold secrets.<br/><br/>As the mystery reaches a climax, I expected a real surprise ending, but it isn't there. This book does not compare to Gone Girl. However, it did hold my attention and the machinations and evolvement of Rachel's emotions are worth the read.
A novel written from multiple perspectives showing how we cannot believe all that we see. Cleverly woven together, the unreliable protagonist takes us through the lies, deceit and violence of affairs, and manipulation, out the other side. All the while, watched by the train...
THESE TYPE OF STORIES ARE NOT MY CUP OF TEA.  IT WAS RECOMMENDED TO ME BY A FRIEND. THE ENDING WAS SORT OF A SURPRISE, BUT THEN THIS GIRL WAS OUT THERE.  SHE COULDN'T EMOTIONALLY HANDLE A BREAKUP.  I BELIEVE A MOVIE IS IN THE WORKS AND I THINK IT MIGHT BE BETTER THAN THE BOOK.
A great page turner.  I enjoyed the first person narration and the three story lines that ran simultaneously and interweaved.  I'm not a big reader of mysteries, but I enjoyed this one which I found to be well written.  I figured out who the murderer was at about the 70% mark.
Story is narrated by three different characters and keeps you guessing how they relate to one another.  Book is well written, however, it is slow at points, but Ms Hawkins does a wonderful job of putting it all together and extending the suspense of the characters.  Good read.
Far too wordy for me. I wanted to scream "Get to the point!" I bought this copy for my brother, who put it down after the second chapter.<br/>It was described as a story like Rear Window, which raised my expectations, only have them crashing with great disappointment.
This book started out slow; not knowing where the author was going.  Once you got into it, it was hard to put down. I wanted to know what was going to happen next.  The way she had each person telling their story as it progressed was interesting.  It had an interesting ending!
A good but not great read.  It started out really intriguing but as I got more into the story it was a bit confusing.  Each of the different characters and their individual perspectives were a little hard to keep straight and follow...but did want to stick to it until the end.
I thought this a great book! Once I started reading it, I just had to keep right on going to the end! Also, I liked that I could not figure out the ending at all. This was the current book chosen for the book club I am in, and I believe most people enjoyed it as much as I did.
Sure, there's a twist, but it's not that groundbreaking or shocking. As another review mentions, the main character is unlikable and unrealistic. The whole book ends up grating on you. I stuck with it for the supposed big twist at the end and I wish I could have my time back.
READ IT!  Do Not hesitate!  I waited and waited to read this and man.. what a GREAT BOOK!  Would put it down, try to go to sleep, and could NOT sleep... had to keep going!  Page turner and nail biter and suspenseful with a twist you will not expect.  READ it, I say.. READ IT!!
Good, easy read, but not great. I know it has been on the NYTimes Best Seller list for many weeks. I think the concept<br/>is very clever. Now when I am in a situation where I am observing daily what is going on, I like to name them and make up stories.<br/>Very entertaining
Wow what a story<br/>, I couldn't put this book down and lots of this and turns.  I will look for more books from Paula Hawkins , I really like the way she tells a story.  Sorry I can't say<br/>much about this book but I don't want to give the story away<br/>Happy reading g
Mesmerizing! The constant internal dialogue could be very boring to read, though Hawkins delivers pieces of the puzzle through this method, piece by piece until the whole jigsaw puzzle is revealed seemingly at once. I flew through the pages, total engrossed in this little gem.
Ugh. Plodding and full of self pity.
I enjoyed this light reading mystery
I almost did not read this book. Put it down several times, but rose to the challenge and was glad that I did. The writing was intriquing; the story was unusual and somewhat frightening when one considers what may be going on in others minds; people you are not even aware of.
The Girl on the Train was one of the most interesting books I have read.  It started out very slow and gradually built up the suspense and interest and turned into a real mystery that became a page turner.  I believe it would make a good movie since it is filled with psycotic
Quick interesting read that held my attention. Really enjoyed the plot.<br/><br/>But....If I read one more lazy review that uses the words "Gone Girl" to compare another rock pickin book, I'm going to throat punch that person. Joking of course...ummmmm...not really.
Had a bunch of people say they couldn't put this book down. I had trouble keeping my eyes open when I picked it up! Sort of a predictable if not anticlimactic ending. What's the real pisser is that I bought the book with a totally similar title first, and it sucked even more!
This engaging work kept me very interested throughout and although predictable, there was a fair amount of suspense.The man-woman dynamics were provacative, and disturbing. The descriptions of the locale brought it to life. I definitely would recommend it as a very good read.
This story is unlike any I have ever read. I couldn't care less for the main characters. In fact, I borderline loathed them. But, the story was so well written that each night, I pushed on. The ending redeemed the beginning & the middle, and the read was a fun "ride."
The main story was good but it got bogged down in repeat after repeat of the protagonist's alcohol problem, which in the end I didn't see why there was so much emphasis placed on it. It seemed like filler. Plus with the limited number of characters I knew the killer early on.
I almost quit reading about halfway in, but I kept thinking it had to get better.  Even though I persevered, it never really appealed to me.  It may have been my own state of mind, but I didn't enjoy the depression and alcoholism that "the girl on the train" suffered.
The three women involved in this story are not, in my opinion, very likable but fascinating and somehow one hopes one, Rachel, gets her life together.  Scary to the end. The men involved are questionable and mysterious.  Wonderful writing all the way and great murder mystery.
After a slow start,and an almost decision to put the book aside;except I ppaid for it I decided to give this book the benefit of the doubt. So glad I did. I was kept in suspense until the VERY end. Once I got into it I could hardly wait until I learned the "who dunit"
Although compelling enough that I wanted to finish the book I was expecting something more on the level of Gone Girl and was very disappointed. I didn't care for the writing, thought the story was too unrealistic, the characters weren't likeable and the storyline predictable.
This book starts out a little slow, and you might wonder what is it all about.  However, as you get into it, it gets more interesting.  There are a lot of twists and turns in this book, and the finish is very interesting.  It is well written, and I give it 5 stars. Joan Weber
I have lost several hour's sleep on this one. The story unfolds in unexpected ways that keep the reader guessing but never quite sure until the end. Masterfully written! Complex characters are flawed and you cannot decide until the last few pages who the good guys really are.
Great mystery, constant guessing.....I had no idea who did it until the end.  The characters were developed with a lot of detail making you relate to each one....then the stands of their individual stories were woven together so you can see how they fit together. Great read!!
I could not put this book down. The best psychological mystery I have read in years. I loved that it went from character to character so that you could see what was happening in each one's life. I did not figure out the ending which was very written. Paula Hawkins is great!!!
I'm not a fan of this style of multiple first person narrative normally but this book is great, the twists and turns are completely credible after the fact, no annoying deux ex machina leaps and yet you still only realise what's happening at the same time as the protagonists.
I love a good mystery and this one was different. I would have given it 5 stars if she hadn't dropped the "f" bomb all over the place. Great authors like Mary Higgins Clark, John Grisham and Nicolas Sparks don't have to resort to filthy language to make a good story.
I enjoyed this book. It was an easy read but it kept me wanting to read it page after page. I actually finished it in a weekend because I wanted to know what happened to the characters. I was sort of surprised by the ending. The author did a good job of unfolding the events.
Quick, decent read. I was home sick from work and decided it was time to pick up a book. You feel for the characters and there are lots of twists. The ending seems a bit rushed and falls flat but aside from that it was an enjoyable read. I hear it's going to be a movie soon.
More like 3.5.  The people in this book are all dysfunctional big time.  But that made it kind of interesting.  I got more into this book the more I read.  There were twist and turns and you just had to find out what the next chapter would bring.  Pay attention to the dates.
Posed as a suspenseful story.  No real suspense until the last 4 or 5 pages of my Kimble.  Disappointed in the depth of the story and the ending.<br/>and the length of time it took to get to any real meat of the story.  Good effort, disappointing result.  One point of view.
I really enjoyed this book. It kept me guessing over halfway through. The characters were interesting. I normally don't like books set overseas, but this one wasn't written with such a foreign feel. It had the location but seemed it could be set anywhere. Overall, excellent.
Loved it!  The perspective from the 3 main characters was such a thoughtful approach.  How many times do we think something is a certain way, only to find we really have no idea.  I hated putting in down, and really looked forward to my next reading time.  Enjoyed the ride!!
At first it took me a while to get into the story, with the going back and forth with the different characters storylines. Then I finally got into the story and didn't put it down until I finished the book. I did figure out who did it but .....  you need to read it yourself.
There were a couple of times I thought this book is too dark and thought not my type. After finishing it I rated as good but the more I thought about over a couple I rate very good. The way it was written was different than anything I have read you are inside the characters.
One of those books that I could hardly put down, once I had read a few pages and gotten into it.  It was intriguing and captivating and full of suspense.  It was written in the style of "Gone Girl", in that  the story was told by more than one person. I recommend it!
Somehow I just can't get enthusiastic about characters who persist in behaving in destructive ways;  the surprise ending doesn't seem very well supported by the events leading up to it.  I am a little mystified by why the book has remained on the best seller lists this long.
This book had some nice twists and turns. Just when I thought I had figured it all out, something came along to derailed that thought...I really enjoyed the book. First one I have read from author Paula Hawkins. If her others are similar, I will have to pick them up as well.
found it very repetitive. new outcome well in advance. hard to fathom on best seller list,so long.<br/>also written in first person;had to stop and figure who "I" was.<br/>interesting that another English writer used same format in Disclaimer. frustrating at times.
I wasn't aware that the story line would be a murder mystery as mysteries are not my favorite reading.  However the way the chapters were set up by character and dates it was very easy to follow.  I find the authors imagination incredible to create characters and plot that grabs you and keeps those pages flying.  Quite a twist to the tale.
What a great read!  Be prepared; once you start, plan on devoting the rest of your day to this novel.  Though none of the characters are particularly likable, it's easy to get caught up in the mystery.  Read it.  After that you'll tell all your friends and family to read it.
Enough with the dates back and forth!!! It's too hard to follow, especially when one cannot sit for a couple hours at a time to read. In the end, as a friend said, it doesn't really matter, just ignore it and get to the ending. Somehow, that's now how I want to enjoy a book.
Filled with twists and turns, this novels keeps you on the edge of your seat. The characters are well defined and the plot is quick paced to keep you connected. In spite of the switches between narrators, it is easy to follow. If you liked Gone Girl, you will love this book.
Fairly well written book, but characters are all the same-- full of some kind of dysfunction!  No normal or insightful characters in book.  The lead character is dysfunctional & pretty much continues on the dysfunctional path until the very end of the book!  Get it together!
I don't often use the word "awesome," but I'll use it here.  Calling to mind "Gone Girl," this book grabbed hold of me and wouldn't let go.  I kept thinking about it when I had to put the book down.  I hope Paula Hawkins is working on her next book right now.
I will say that the plot was a bit odd. There was definitely enough twists in the story to keep me entertained, yet the whole time I was left thinking how weird of a situation the storyline had become and had a hard time picturing it as I read. I enjoyed the book all in all!
Geez,  what a downer of a book. Miserable and sad characters.  Not much of a mystery to me.  Lame ending.  Still, I kept reading.  I did like her writing style a lot and in the end you do root and care for Racael.  But, then again, not one speck of humor or joy in this book.
Another thriller!  This is the first story I've read that has a falling down drunk woman for the heroine.  You want to reach into the story and pull her back from every mistake you watch her making.  The last 10% of the book has you breathing rapidly and gritting your teeth.
That's what this book is all about: the stories we make up to tell ourselves about each other.  Do we really know anyone, ever?  This is a good thriller where I suspected everyone at one point or another of murder.  I ended up feeling sympathy for nearly everyone at the end.
Boring!!!  The first 2/3 of this story is repetitive, introducing characters without any redeeming traits.  Lots of vomit and drunken happenings if you like that sort of stuff.  Story grew more interesting when there was some consecutive interaction between/among characters.
I kept hearing about this book so much I had to get in on the fun and it did not disappoint. The story is cleverly written and keeps you guessing right up until the end.  The author did a great job of describing England and making you feel Rachel's despair over her drinking.
This is a very well written book. The author does an excellent job of tying up all of the loose ends in a satisfying way. The main character deals with some issues that could be hard for people to read, possibly, that have dealt with alcoholism. I highly recommend this book.
Entertaining read. Strong characterization developed through characters ' action and dialogue. Plot development dragged both in the beginning of the novel and about midway through the book. What a group of dysfunctional individuals! For me the ending was too easy to predict.
This book reminded me a lot of Gone Girl.... a book that I didn't like.  I found myself looking for spoilers just to find out what the ending was.  Rachel was annoying with all of her neediness and constant blackouts.  Her character was too weak and desperate for me to like.
Not as good as I expected. The three heroines of the novel had terrible personality flaws (alcoholism, adultery, irresponsibility) making it difficult to identify with them. The writing itself was ok so hopefully the author may move onto primary characters one can cheer for.
I was sorry I had decided to read this depressing book soon after I started it. But, I had to finish it so I read on and on. I found no glimmer of hope, no uplifting story . . . Just a grim story about grim defeated people. I am sorry I chose to read such a depressing story.
No need to tell what the story is about. You don't need spoilers. This book should be read if: you like steady progression, believable conflicted characters and timely plot reveals. Don't expect the ending to be as shocking as it is plausible. It is very much worth the read.
I loved the heroine. She was so flawed, vulnerable and human.All of us know someone like her. She was a train wreck with a backbone, which made me cautiously optimistic and kept me solidly in her corner. That, of course, is what made this book so addicting. A great purchase.
Really great story that wasn't like everything else out there.  Every time I thought I had it figured out something would make me realize I didn't.  No spoilers here but this was a very solid story.  Can't wait to watch Emily Blunt portray the lead role in the film version.
I was kept guessing from the first page to the last. I enjoy suspense novels and this book did not disappoint. I was not able to put this book down and I was not able to figure out " who done it? " I recommend this book for anyone who is looking for a real thriller.
The book was well-written, but I didn't care anything about the characters. The main character was irritating and I found myself getting angry at her. My husband read the book first and then shared it with me. He liked the book, but it took me a little while to get into it.
I gave this five stars because anything that can get me to sit still all day and read has to be a book that grabs you in.  This book consistently kept things moving there was never a dull moment.  There wasn't anything revolutionary about it, it was just a really good book.
A bit mundane and I got tired of Rachel drinking and not remembering. It could have moved along quicker and had the same result. Challenging the way there were so many voices and interesting in how it all comes together though. Fun to get inside the heads of so many people!
This book has a slow beginning/start to it just like "The Gone Girl";however, just keep reading because I could not put it down. The intertwining of all of the characters' tales we'll have you wondering who could have done it, but keep reading because you will want to know.
I was very disappointed in this novel and didn't quite understand what all the hype was about.  I thought all the characters were despicable and most were one-dimensional.  The tone was dark and somber through most of the novel and I found the plot to be fairly predictable.
I didn't know if I Was going to enjoy  this book when I purchased it on a whim , but now I have to say I would have missed out on something wonderful if I had not bought it.  The characters of the three women become people you want to know everything about.  Read it please!
Wow! I did not figure out the ending until we were already there. And, even then, I had a hard time believing it as it was so very shocking but ultimately made perfect sense. Very suspenseful; the book reads like an ever-tightening spring. I had a hard time putting it down.
I did it. I read it. I tried to resist. I really did. I often don’t like wildly popular novels. So I resisted as long as I could. But finally gave in.<br/><br/>Glad I gave in. Glad I read it.<br/><br/>(And that’s really all I should be saying about this little mystery.)
If you liked Gone Girl, you'll like this. Well written, kept my interest but did not break new ground. I grew a little weary of the relapsing alcoholic thing. True or not, I like to think people can rise above their problems, at least in a novel. Anyway, it was pretty good.
This was a very good book  the 3 woman Rachel, Megan and Anna sure kept me guessing as to who did it (don't want to spoil anything for those who have not read the book) I do recommend this book! I thought I had the ending figured out but I was so wrong! It got me, loved it!
I enjoyed reading this book more than any other book I have read in the past year, including Gone Girl.  However, I did lose several hours of sleep most nights because I just could not wait to find out what would happen next.  Would love to read more books by Paula Hawkins.
This book came up as recommended reading if you liked GONE GIRL.. wow... I am shocked. This book had no depth. It was slow. The plot was boring. I am amazed at the high star reviews. I normally don't review a book.. but this one was so bad, I felt the need. Save your money.
First person from more than one viewpoint was a new one on me, but I enjoyed it. You had to pay close attention to keep track of who are the characters were, but it was one of those books I didn't want to end.<br/>Thoroughly enjoyed the whole treatment, but once is enough.
I read some bad reviews on this book but decided to try it anyway and I'm glad I did. While it was a bit depressing at first, the rest of the book is intriguing and hard to put down. I loved it! It was one of the best books I've read in a while. I would highly recommend it.
Through the distorted eyes and hazy drunken recollections of an alcoholic, a dark and twisted story of the girl on the train unfolds. The sordid tale unravels with the slow moving rhythm of a commuter locomotive. Hang on for the ride; you won't be able to put the book down.
Good suspenseful page-turner that plots on a fantasy we all share as we make our daily commute.  We blend our lives, hopes, fictions onto the familiar strangers we encounter through the windows as we carry on through our own boring or comfortable or even tortured existence.
Really enjoyed this book.  Makes me want to commute for awhile and snoop into the lives of the suburban homeowners.  I have a VERY vivid imagination and could come up with some pretty good stories myself.<br/>Also,  wish we had gin and tonic in cans available in the U.S.!!
OMG..  this is a fantastic page turner.  A cautionary tale for the drinker, perhaps.  I read this on my Kindle and the dates were a bit hard to follow in that format.  But, still a great read..  think I enjoyed this more than Gone Girl...  a more satisfying end to this one.
Wonderfully written had me guessing til the very end. This could possibly make a good movie. The characters were unlikeable yet you felt their feelings as if you were in their shoes you almost felt that you were the crazy one. Loved it. Keep churning out best sellers Paula.
This is a good book for women of a certain age. Not a man's book.<br/>The women sound a little too similar too often but I still wanted to know how it came out. The concept of the woman on the train was interesting as was the idea that she was a drinker.<br/>I enjoyed it.
Be mindful that characters are speaking on their own. I had to look back several times to be reminded of who was speaking. That said, what a great read. Story twists, turns and makes you look at those around you in a cautious light...especially those you see from the train.
I must admit that I had a really hard time(at first) with the narrative jumping from character to character. Once I got into the plot, it was really a page turner. The cast is populated with the most morally compromised bunch of losers ever. You will be amazed by the truth!
The book is fun and fast to read.  I finished it in essentially two sittings.  I really liked the way the story was told through the three characters which made the story into one.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fast paced, interesting and suspenseful book.
Really enjoyed how he took you through time with short vignettes.  He wove the historical details through the lives of his characters very smoothly.  His character development was smooth describing their thoughts and emotions and reactions to their situations.  Great read!
This was a very fast read and it is the type of book you cannot put down.<br/><br/>You become very involved the the characters especially Rachel who the main feature.<br/><br/>You will be very surprised with the ending.<br/><br/>Very enjoyable and highly recommended.
Well written although rather slow to start as the story went on the better it became.. The main character annoyed me and I wanted to shake some sense into her, all part of the story which certainly held my interest, particularly in the last third of the book. Worth a read.
Was very disappointed in this book.  Most or all of the people had so many problems and flaws and I kept waiting for someone to step up to the plate and make a good decision!  If you like adultery and alcoholism, than pick this one up to read.  Very depressing book for me.
The story is not what you expect in a good way.  Not often does a story tackle the issues of alcoholism from a different angle, it gets tied in so well with the intrigue and mystery of the story that keeps you turning pages until you just have to find out what will happen.
The book was ok.  At first, I thought I was reading "Gone Girl" again.  Maybe it's because I've read too many books in this genre, but I found this book to be formulaic.  I was disappointed that I knew how the story was going to end 1/3 of the way through the book.
I really loved this book.  A real page turner and for once I wasn't able to foretell the ending.<br/>I understand it is going to be a movie with Dreamworks...great casting possibilities for strong men and women.<br/>Will be looking forward to Paula Hawkin's future works.
Not impressed. I agree with another rater that it was dull and annoying by the end. Characters were not well developed and the ending is pretty easy to predict if you think about it. Anyway, still gave it 3 stars because it kept my interest and I liked the timeline format.
It took me a while to get in this story despite all the glowing reviews. In fact, the only reason I finished it was because I felt I wasted a ton of my time trying. I found it to be a decent enough story past the mid point but it in no way would be a five star book for me.
I wasn't sure what to expect but this book kept me engaged from start to finish. The author has a very readable writing style that builds the story piece by piece throughout the book. What you get at the end is certainly not what you expect at the start. An excellent read!
There is nothing to like in the main character and this distracts from the mediocre story line. None of the characters were believable in their actions and wondered all over the map on their emotions I would never have finished this book if it wasn't a book club selection.
This book was different than I expected. I really didn't like the main character, Rachel, all too much. However, I did like the book and am glad that I read it. While some twists were kind of predictable, it was still suspenseful and overall a decent and entertaining read.
The craziest 320 odd pages ever that starts disjointed but then gels into an unstoppable tale. It's written so well that you might feel drunk yourself.  I would recommend to anyone whos got a few hours to spare on a train ☺️ - it'll be the fastest ride you have been on ...
Why did I keep reading about an alcoholic caught in a  predictable melodrama with a predictable ending.  After reading about half the book I skipped to the end.  My prediction was correct.  If repeated descriptions of alcoholic misery appeal, this book will not disappoint.
Trains and murder go together. Especially enticing is seeing a murder from a train.  This can be arranged more easily in England, where people more often travel or commute by train. Well, we don't exactly see a murder, but part of a story that leads to murder. Recommended.
Bit predictable- dark - interesting and sad commentary on life and secrets held. Alcoholism , verbal abuse, therapist abuse, family dysfunction and family violence all rolled in to make a murder mystery. Be prepared for a dark grim view of the worst side of human behavior.
I read it in a few days. Couldn't put it down. Would definitely recommend it. The characters were well developed, the perspectives change and each part of the story builds on the others. I wish I could read it again for the first time. I hope the author continues to write!
It's interesting to read a book in which all the characters are crazy.  The murderer is a psychopath and everyone else is absolutely nuts. This is an excellent book. I couldn't put it down.  There were so many twists and turns. I can't wait to discuss,it with my book club.
while I never got around to reading Gone Girl , The girl on the Train gets a one star from me, just so much drizzle, boring read no surprises , the story line was so lame, sadly I'll only remember this joke of a read the next time I'm on a train In London , brutal , yukkkk
I loved this book!  Heard it on audio first and the actors who read the roles were superb!!!  I liked it so much I then bought the book!  Wanted to hold it in my hands.  Kudos to Paula Hawkins!  Great story, great plot and plot twists, great characters.  Again, great book!
This story was written to keep you guessing, and it succeeds. The driving characters are all deeply flawed, but none more than the main character. Rachel's sadness leaps out and cries for the type of redemption that few receive. You will be grateful you stayed on the ride.
I tried to read this books months ago. It was so boring. Details of the alcoholic on the train sparked no interest. I cannot believe this has been so long on bestseller list. I forced myself through first quarter or so of book. Last quarter was good with unexpected ending
This book was difficult reading, at best, and I found myself rushing to get it over with.  The overall concept of the book was interesting and had so much potential, but the characters....all of them....are so unlikable that I almost ditched the book without finishing it.
Very interesting read. I did feel that I might need to attend an al-anon meeting in order to cope with the main character. However, the alternating points of view made the story more intriguing. And the unreliable narrator was both frustrating and sympathetic - good book.
The author keeps up the suspense...just when you think you understand the characters there is another twist.  The twists never feel contrived.  I got the feeling if I re-read the novel I would not have been so surprised.  The clues were there if I had known where to look.
It was a good read. I was a little annoyed initially with the hopping back and forth between characters, but  once I got used to it, I rather enjoyed it. I was very much surprised at the end although I should not have been. It is a good read and it does keep your interest
A book that appeared at a good time for the author. If Gone Girl had been ancient history, this book would not have been a success in any way. The "mystery" is just pretend, the people are not developed.  I wasted time reading the first half and skimming the rest.
Though the plotline was a little odd, it kept my attention enough to keep me turning the pages. It took time for the characters to come to life as each chapter jumped from one character to another which was confusing until they became established. Overall a pleasant read.
It was okay.  I had an inkling during the whole book, but when they finally revealed the plot twist a lot of things started to click into place.  It was a pretty good read, but not one that would interest me to go back and read. It makes for a nice book club discussion :)
This was an enjoyable read , however, the author tries too hard to confuse the reader.  Mystery has to be one of the hardest genre of book to write.<br/>Given that, I would still recommend it for someone looking for a book with twist and turns and character developement.
Very enjoyable book! It had most of the things I look for - twists and turns, realistic characters with realistic flaws, believable suspense, creepy bad people, and satisfying resolution that isn't sappy and trite. I'm looking forward to reading more books by this author!
It was a good story with a good twist, but it felt like something was missing. A little dragged out to get to the conclusion. I found it easy at times to put it down, then others not so much. It did remind me a little of a Gillian Flynn novel. But still something missing.
A captivating mystery that leads you into other peoples lives. The author gives you just enough to keep you interested in the characters but not enough to feel like you really know them. I enjoyed reading the book but felt it left me wanting for something more at the end.
There was a great deal of suspense from beginning to end which I loved. She tied up all the loose ends in a logical yet surprising way. I thoroughly dislike some authors taking liberty to go into para-normal, ridiculous, and disappointing conclusions. This author did not.
This book was about 1/3 too long for me.  The main character was very emotionally unstable and we went over her problems again, and again, and again, and again, ad nauseam.  If this is  "today's example" of a modern way of writing, I'll be re-reading the classics.
Fabulous read. Scary insight into the worlds of alcoholism and depression...interwoven amongst a set of intriguing characters and relationships, and a plot that keeps you guessing until the final twist. Could't put this down until the final resolution! Highly recommended!
Literally couldn't put it down! I finished the book in two days, and then wished it wasn't over. The characters were troubled...you don't know how you feel about them, but you want things to turn out positively in the end. The end had a twist I honestly didn't see coming!
I can see this as a BBC mystery. However I cannot say that I felt it was a great novel. The suspense did build up quite nicely, however the alternating narrators distracted  from the story. Unfortunately I found none of the characters even remotely sympathetic or likable.
Told from the point of view of three women, the mystery surrounding the disappearance of one of the women is revealed.  The first person narrative allows the author to obscure the details based on personal perspective and keeps the reader on their toes until the very end.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Very descriptive, I could very clearly picture the houses and the trains. I did kind of predict the outcome although not until I was near the end. Characters were very flawed and complex, I would definitely read another book by this author :)
Great characters and writing style. The plot really kept me interested in the book until the very end. The protagonist got on my nerves a bit with her mental issues in the beginning, but once the story picked up, the reader will begin to understand why. Just stay patient.
I very much enjoyed this book. It was dark and depressing, but there was a central mystery that kept me wondering almost to the end--about the same time that one of the main narrators figured out what had been happening. I considered it a very good psychological thriller.
Good mystery combined with the stories of dysfunctional people. Interestingly written from the viewpoint of an alcoholic woman who can't quite remember what she may have done while drunk. I enjoyed the story and was not sure who the perpetrator was until close to the end.
This is a great story.  I downloaded it on my Kindle at 12:30 and read straight through until 10 that night.  I had to find out what happened and it took me a long time to figure out who to trust as a narrator.  This is the perfect beach/vacation read and quite well done.
I just might read this book again. I lost many hours of sleep because I could not stop reading. All the characters seem so real and each one dealing with their own problems. What a situation. I was never sure how the novel would end. This is a book you would want to read.
I loved this book. I bought it because of the recommendations of people who compared it to Gone Girl  I  think that's a fair comparison but while I felt a little cheated by the ending of Gone Girl, I  didn't at all feel cheated by this book in any way.  Highly recommended
This mystery kept me guessing almost to the end.  The fact that I read it on the Kindle made it more difficult to take a sneak peek ahead.  It was easy reading, especially for vacation reading.  The characters were well developed, so that I felt I really got to know them.
I liked the story but didn't like the way each chapter started with a date and the character's name.  It took me a little while to figure out that we kept going back and forth in time depending on which character was telling the story. Other than that, it was a good read.
I could barely put this book down to eat, sleep, etc. I can usually figure out what's going on in a mystery before it's revealed but not with this one. It had a surprise ending that still has me thinking about people and the choices they make that too often result in misfortune.
I like mystery and I like suspense, but I had trouble trying to get into Rachel's head. I suppose it's because she is alcoholic, and for the most part her brain is wired quite differently from my own. My fault. I finished the book, but I can't call it a "keeper".
I didn't find this book thrilling at all, and I specifically read it because it was billed as a "thriller ". I didn't like any of the characters so never identified with them and didn't care what happened to them. And the book in general is not written very well.
Each chapter was another person talking.  Reading on a Kindle was very confusing.  Had to go to chapter beginning to remember who was talking.<br/>Good story but hard to keep characters apart.  Love mysteries but this wasn't my cup of tea.  A best seller disappointment.
This book was a page turning thriller...I loved the way three different stories, perspectives, were being told simultaneously then tied together in the end. I could vividly imagine and almost feel each character's individual personality and personal struggle. Great book.
I didn't have high expectations when I started this book but once I started it I couldn't put it down! Yes some of it was a bit contrived but not enough to detract from the story. All the characters were human, no one completely likable but no one completely evil either.
I did not like how the author jumped from a chapter to chapter with a different character development.  I would have preferred to have this character development weaved into the narrative.  The format she chose was a little confusing.  I found the book to be suspenseful.
I would have given the book 4 stars but I really did not care for the character ~ I know it sounds odd but her lifestyle annoyed me though the first part of the book.  Once I got to the end I could see how the author used the behavior to bring the story to a good ending.
Enjoyed the storyafterbattling through the first couple of chapters, although felt the story was a big drawn out.  Needed to continue reading it to find out who-done-it although I did guess about two thirds of the way through the book. A light  read for a quiet fternoon.
Took me awhile to follow the different characters, but as you got further into the book, it all came together.  A different style of writing from what I was use to reading.  As you read on, it was hard to put the book down as you wanted to see where the story was headed.
This book starts in one direction, makes a quick turn, then when you least expect it, adds another twist. Creatively crafted, "The girl on the train" entertains the reader while we ride along with the characters wondering what happens next. Interesting and quick to read.
This book was selected by our book club to read at the last meeting. EVERYONE disliked the book ! It was poorly written and it felt as if you would NEVER get to the end of the story.  Some of the members of the book club wanted to give it even a lesser rating than three.
Sorry but don't know how this book got to be #1 best seller. I forced myself to read all the way to the end. Just the escapades of a woman alcoholic both when intoxicated and in alcoholic haze. Can't hold a candle to Gone Girl. Just my option; take it for what it's worth
This book is a slow build, similar to Gillian Flynn. We get to know our character and we begin to question our own thoughts on judgement for each of them.<br/> Then BAM!!! Everything slams into you and you're glad you didn't give up in the third chapter. Excellent work.
There were so many characters that had mental health issues that it stressed me out. It was like watching a train wreck page after page. There were twists, and surprises but all in all very negative in general.  Readable, written well enough, just not my style. Too real.
I read this book for a book club I am part of. I was expecting a "Gone Girl" sort of vibe. I was pleasantly surprised that it was better than I had anticipated even though many of the characters were unlikeable.<br/>If you liked Gone Girl, you'll like this book.
So far, this is the most depressing book I've read in many moons.  I wasn't aware from reading the reviews that it would be a diary of a woman trying to find out who she is...an alcoholic to boot.  Hardly any plot.  Sorry for her, but sorry I paid $6.99 to read her diary
Great and interesting book; couldn't put it down. It was a great read from start to finish. Can't wait for Paula Hawkins to write another book. She surely got me on this one! I Can't believe this is her first book. I'm already a fan. Buy this book, you will not be sorry.
Really didn't like this story. Had to force myself to keep reading. Jumping all over the place with the characters. Could not feel compassion for the main character. wasn't  believeable. Reminded me of "Gone Girl"  which I also hated for many of the same reasons.
A dark and depressing, but gripping story with deeply flawed characters that you cannot help but route for, whose lives continue to unravel until the climax. Well written with well thought out characters that will keep the pages turning quickly. An excellent debut novel.
I'm not sure why this keeps getting compared to Gone Girl other than it's a mystery. But not a good one. The ending could be forecasted from a mile away by any elementary sleuth. The characters were wooden and one dimensional. All in all, I just wanted it to end already.
As I started to read this book my thoughts were "I'm not going to like it."  After the first 100 pages I was so intriqued and just had to know how this was going to turn out.  I was surprised.  The plot was amazing.  Once I got into it, it was a real page turner.
Very engrossing. And an interesting look ok at alcoholism from the alcoholic's point of view. I was invested enough in the characters to keep reading even after I figured out who did it. The fact that people can be so deceptive in such brutal ways makes for great fiction
Did not like any of the main characters.  It was very difficult to care about them or what was happening to them.  the story wasn't as suspenseful as expected and the writing style was ok. I am a mystery psychological thriller fan and there are better examples out there.
I very much enjoyed this book, I finished it in two sittings;  I loved being in Rachel's head! The inner thoughts,,doubts, shame, struggles, etc were very intriguing and relatable. I loved all the suspicions, surprises, and suspense!  I can't  wait to read more!  Bravo!!
I really liked this book, I was hooked after the first page. Yes, the style is similar to gone girl but that's ok since I loved that book...probably my favorite of all time. I was able to guess the end half way through, wasn't as much fun after that but still enjoyed it.
Strange, strange story. I tend to agree with other reviewers that it is hard to sympathize with a drunk who doesn't seem to want to quit. The story seemed to head to only one conclusion, and lo-and-behold, it gets there. Hard to believe it's a number one (1) best seller.
I don't like mysteries, but this was an exception.  Quite suspenseful and<br/>satisfying at the end though I was on the train with protagonist<br/>and wondering if we'd reach our destination. Sure enough, we did.<br/>I can't wait for Paula Hawkins' next novel. Superb
Things are seldom what they appear to be. I loved this novel as I have spent years commuting on trains often fantasizing about the lives of people in the homes I pass daily. This is a story about obsession, betrayal, depression, murder and lives spinning out of control.
I'm Jack's wife,and this was the first book I read on my Kindle.  Had I edited this book I would have cut about 100 pps.  It grew so tiring to read the same thing over and over.  The people were terribly flawed. How it stays on the best seller list I fail to understand.
I don't know why this book is a bestseller. The story and characters are depressing and the writing is without finesse. All of the male characters are ultimately unsavory people or much worse.  I finished reading it in the hope that it would get better but it never did.
It's hard to decide if I like the book or disliked it but I wanted to get to the end regardless.  The women are very messed up emotionally and make me wonder about my life.  It is a hard read to wind through their mess of lives.  It's a believable and fantastical story.
This is not really a book I would pick to read, but it was on the best seller list so I decided to read it.  At first I did not like it, but there are so many twists and turns it keeps you guessing and in suspense.  This writer does a good job with the mystery involved.
When I started this book I thought I had made a mistake in buying it ,but 20 pages in I was hooked and couldn't put it down. The writer presses all buttons, compassion ,disgust ,fear and hope for the  hapless and wounded main character. A really good read .<br/>Frances
Good book, not as great in my opinion as friends had touted it to be.  It definitely keeps you turning the pages, but I guessed the end fairly easily.  Lot of character build-up that went unresolved in the end, as well.  Page turner,  but somewhat anticlimactic overall.
I heard once you started this book, you could not put it down. That's exactly correct.  It was one of those books you didn't want to end, but  with a surprise ending.  Definitely recommend this book for readers who like a little suspense, twist and turns.  Great reading.
Very fast-paced.  Keeps tension going till the end.  Very interesting way of structuring the story from three different perspectives told from different times in the story line.  It was one of those books where I kept wanting to read it all the way through in one night.
A fast read that keeps you guessing
Depressing from first to last page.
Loved this book..couldn't put down!
Loved this book.  It kept my attention the whole way through and I was able to keep up with the characters because a friend had advised me to keep notes on the dates and who was narrating.  A very good read with a twist that you don't see coming until close to the end.
Read it! The Girl on the Train is a block-buster of a novel -- smart, funny, dramatic. The intimate disclosures of the secret lives of the main characters stir one's imagination and emotions. This is the work of an intelligent, skilled writer whose prose is a pleasure.
Comparing this mediocre book to Hitchcock is an insult to the master filmmaker and to the authors who penned the stories his films were based upon.<br/>It's misogynistic, somewhat shocking for a woman author, and there is nothing redeeming about any of the characters.
While the first half of the book was good, it was a little slow, so easy to put down.  However, half way through the story came together and the suspense finally started to build....I couldn't put the book down until the end.  I finished very happy that I stuck it out!
The writing is elementary, but the story had potential at the start. You want to figure out the mystery. Only it kind of drags on without a very thoughtful resolution. Like it's all wrapped up with a silly bow. Such a disappointment. And the characters are all pitiful.
Interesting style of writing as the author assumes the character of each of the participants in the story. May be a bit confusing to some readers until they've gotten well into story. The author applies interesting twists and turns to the story plot. Surprising ending.
I found this a good, fast-paced read. My feelings towards the main character veered between pity, scorn, wanting to scream at her and feeling sorry for her confusion.  The plot was sufficiently twisty to make it a good page-turner. A great holiday or long journey read.
Both a thriller and an insight into being an unreliable witness. I enjoyed this a lot as a page-turning read. I saw one element of the ending coming quite early on but still enjoyed the unfolding of it. Definitely worth reading, especially on holiday or a rainy Sunday.
Took me a little while to get into it, and I some how missed the multiple characters at first. All-in-all it was well written and you were able to visualize the scenes and characters, which I like. The ending was a little predictable once you got there, but still good.
Couldn't t put it down!  Better than Gone Girl and even though I figured out who did what to whom before the end it didn't matter. What mattered was the way each character dealt with that revelation and how their lives changed as a result. Can't wait for her next book.
A great read.  I couldn't put it down. The characters are so vivid so real I was transported into their lives, as flawed as they were. Much like Rachel, I too, on my morning commute, found myself wondering what goes on behind closed doors as I pass by lives on display.
A page turner, I kept waiting for Rachel to get her act together but that did not happen until the end which is what kept me interested along with trying to figure out what happened to Megan.  I got a little tired of Rachel riding the train but still gave the book a 4.
This book got off to a slow start, but then became interesting. Unfortunately, the twist was pretty predictable, but the book was still engaging. I wanted to keep reading to ensure my theory was right. Overall, not a bad read, but certainty not the best murder mystery.
I am not a great review writer, but I know what I like. This novel kept me hooked from beginning to end! "Hearing" the point of view of the three ladies involved was very interesting and I applaud the author! I definitely would read another book by this author.
The ending was very well done and the only realistic part of the book. If the characters depicted are anywhere close to real life we are in more trouble than I thought. It was an interesting approach to mystery thriller.  Really had trouble going along with characters.
Shockingly good read.  Found myself racing at times, in disbelief at the twists and turns the story made, in the slow and menacing way in which the truth reveals itself to the reader.  Really well done.  Loved it.  Looking with anticipation for the author's next piece.
This book proved to be aggravating, confusing, and frustrating, but also riveting, enjoyable, suspenseful, and enticing; well worth the time and effort. I recommend this highly. It is a book that requires you to question everything. It kept me guessing for a long time.
What makes this a good book is that our narrator, Rachel, is mostly unreliable, with moments of being totally aware. Unreliable narrators often get a bad rap in novels. Rachel is an alcoholic, been out of a job for a some time, and is living with an old friend from school while trying to, at times pitifully, put her life back together. She is lying to her house mate about having lost her job and continues to take the same train into London everyday like she still has her job.<br/><br/>In her non sober moments, which are many, she lives in this world that is at times escapist and stalkerish. She lives vicariously through Megan, who she has dubbed Jess, and wonders about her life and what she does. We come to find out that she lives in the street where Rachel used to live, and where Rachel's ex-husband still lives with his new wife, Anna.<br/><br/>When Rachel finds out that Megan has gone missing, she panics, drinks more, and desperately tries to remember things she can't remember due to blackouts from too much alcohol. she does all that she does because she feels a sort of kinship to Megan even though she doesn't know her.<br/><br/>Megan and Anna are a tad on the one dimensional, and the chapters with Anna take on the air of a soap opera at times and Megan just seems bored with her marriage. The plot also at times is thin, but Rachel is the most interesting character and makes up for a lot. I think she, and the relationship she had with her house mate could have been fleshed out more to add another layer of depth to the story, but is a good read overall.
Damaged people living their damaged lives. Psychology meets psycho in a well written, well rounded, suspenseful tale. Wives, ex-wives, lovers....Blurred lines held together beautifully in chilling uncertainty. First time I've read Paula Hawkins...very, very impressed.
I gave this book 5 stars because it was very hard to put down! The characters were believable and the tension just kept building! I highly recommend this if you want a great read that you can finish in a 2 or 3 days. Minimal obscenities as well made it easier to read.
This is an awesome story, told from 3 points of view. So well done it keeps you guessing until the last few chapters. But the ending is a bit predictable, and I have no clue how it could be written otherwise. It was enthralling and I hope to read more from the author.
I gave it 5 stars because it's the first book I can remember  in years keeping my attention so well. I finished it in a day and a half and I do not consider myself a reader at all. I try to read books but it's a few month process. I had to read this. Had to finish is.
Could not put this book down!  It grabbed my attention from first page to last and never, at any point, did I intuit where it was heading.  Very real characters, finely drawn and a plot with so many twists and turns, it always kept me guessing.  I absolutely loved it!
The suspense was great in the last 80 pages, but it was hard not to be annoyed by the alcoholic protagonist.  It is worth reading.  Don't make the mistake I did and pick it up near the end thinking, "I'll just read to fifteen minutes and then go to sleep."  You won't.
it captured me from the start. It is unusual to have such a flawed heroine as Rachel. She is, to put it mildly, a mess. I liked the way the characters were developed by the author. I think you will really like it too.  I can see it as a really good indie film someday.
Definitely a page turner.  Kept me reading until the wee hours when I really needed sleep instead.  A who-dunnit with multiple levels of mystery and depth of character, which is refreshing.  No one is really as they seem on the surface.  Shades of AL Kennedy at times.
Has more twists than a train going through the mountains.  I liked the different perspectives of the characters sharing their own thoughts and feelings.  All the characters are flawed in some way and are a mystery to themselves and each other.  I couldn't put it down!
I thought I knew what this story would be about, and I was definitely interested. But, it turned out to be very much a surprise in a good way. It's not as simple as the description would have you believe, there are many additional layers to this story. Very good read.
This is really a difficult book to rate.  It was a psychological thriller but also<br/>quite depressing.  It kept me reading and trying to figure out the ending<br/>but not sure I would recommend it to a friend, especially someone who<br/>was battling an addiction.
Spell binding story but requires strict attention to keep caracters straight. Not something for a casual read but if you can sit down and read right thru (with a few notes) to keep straight the characters as well as what is real and what is imagined it's entertaining.
Really didn't love this book.  Very little happened in the book; most of it was in the main character's head.  She was unbalanced and an unreliable narrator,which I don't care for.  The last couple of chapters improved, but not enough to changem y opinion of the book.
The writing is somewhat choppy, but quite understandable nevertheless.  The plot is somewhat twisted with a surprise at the end.  I had to refer back frequently in order to keep the dates in the chronologically correct order for each of the characters being described.
It was hard to follow with the jumping around of both characters and time frames but after a while it became more clear. I enjoyed it. Even more impressive my daughter who is a senior in high school and doesn't like to read -- actually enjoyed and read the entire book
I really enjoyed this book.  It was the first time in a long time that I found myself not wanting to put a book down. The characters were all pretty flawed and capable of criminal behavior which is why you never really knew for sure who the murderer was until the end.
It was interesting to read the same event from multiple views of the different characters. I was very interested in the book the whole way through, constantly trying to guess what happened. I also liked that every character in some way or another was extremely flawed.
So this novel took me awhile to get into.  some of the filler was unneccessary in the beginning of the novel but for the most part it tied together in the end.<br/><br/>I started really enjoying the novel about half way through and then j couldn't put the book down.
Well done mystery narrated by three women.  The woman of the title is a bit off kilter due to drinking, telling lies constantly and trying to help the police and the "victim" of a missing or murdered stranger she only knows from viewing marital scenes at a train stop.
Imperfect main character does not remarkably overcome her challenges just to make it a feel good book. Thoughtful and engaging writing style. On a side note this was my second whispersync attempt and another miserable failure. Audible is not ready for prime time yet.
I could not put this book down, I thought about it when I wasn't reading it (I wanted my train to go slowly to work for a change!) and felt sad when it ended..... Purely because I did not want it to end.  It's quite a tale and kept me sooooooo interested! I loved it.
Even though I had a feeling about who the villain was going to be, It was still a great read.  Suspenseful and mysterious, but it becomes even more interesting when you're not sure if you can trust everything that the main character starts to lose the reader's trust.
It was very slow starting, but it got better as I read on until I figured out the puzzle.  The characters were  mixing into each other as I kept trying to separate them.  Can't say I would pass it onto a friend, I finished it because it was reading for our Book Club.
The author manages to keep you guessing throughout the book exactly who might have done what to whom. But the characters are none of them particularly like able or admirable and this makes it hard for me to really feel sympathy or concern. It 's all a bit unredeamed.
Extremely slow pacing and unlikeable, cardboard characters. I abandoned the book 2/3 of the way through because it was just becoming too much of a chore to read. I didn't even find out who the killer was because I truly didn't care. Don't waste your time on this one.
Very easy to immerse yourself into this girl's drama, wondering what happened during her drunken blackout. The "who done it" factor was very intriguing and has you compulsively turning page after page, unravelling the truth about these suburbanite characters.
This book was fantastic.  I hated to put the book down and was really surprised with the final chapters. I thought the storyline was very believable and frustrating. An alcoholic woman struggling to piece together bits and pieces of a homicide she felt she witnessed.
I do love a good plot twist, and this book delivered in that regard. However, it took nearly 2/3 way through the book for it to get riveting. There was an inkling of hope that peered through the ending, but overall kind of left me with a hopeless, unredeemed feeling.
I put off ordering and reading this book for ages because I didn't think I would enjoy it.  Boy was I wrong!  I really enjoyed the book and the ending was quite a surprise .  Reminiscent of Gone Girl, but different..  I couldn't stop reading it.  Loved, loved, loved.
I started this book and was completely swept away by the characters and the way the story unfolded. I could not wait to read where I left off to find out what would happen next. Ending completely took me by surprise, very satisfying. I completely recommend this book.
The book was well-written. I wish, however, that Rachel's character was explored and documented more deeply. The reader gained great insight into Rachel's flawed lifestyle, but we learned nothing of her upbringing and what brought her to her life with ex-husband Tom.
A wonderfully woven tale of intersecting lives, secrets, betrayals, and jaw-dropping revelations!! One of the best thrillers I've read in a long time. Kudos to the author!! I highly recommend this book--a must read!!<br/><br/>Adrienne Thompson<br/>Author of See Me
I enjoyed this book so much! I went into this book pretty blind but was pleasantly surprised with how quickly I was caught up in the story. I would recommend this to people who liked Gone Girl. I will definitely be checking out some more of Paula Hawkins other works.
The girl on the train was involved in the lives of all the other characters, she put herself into their lives, so she knew them all. I liked the way the author developed the story using the girl on the train at the center.  It made for a good read and a good mystery.
Couldn't help comparing this to Gone Girl, maybe unfairly, but I think not.  Both captured quirks of main characters expertly and delivered a lot of suspense.  The pure evil of GG's protagonist made me rate that one 5 stars.  I can't wait for Ms. Hawkins second book.
I love trains. I commuted to College for five years, forty-five minutes twice a day. This is why I bought the book. This is a most intriguing plot. This is a mystery and a character study. I really enjoyed it. I even stayed up all night to read The Girl on the Train.
This is one of those books that switches perspectives to keep you turning the pages, dying to read what happens next. It's very similar to the Gillian Flynn books, which is why it's probably popular. If you want a relatively quick read, immerse yourself in this book.
Each part of this story was compelling and haunting. Like any good mystery just when you think you have it figured out some new information is introduced to lead you down a different path- and sometimes the wrong path. I look forward to reading more by Paula Hawkins!
WOW! This should be a movie. I fell in love with trains-again. She kept true to the plot, was also a surprise ending. The author also made me "feel" the pain and insecurities of the characters. I read a review of this book in a magazine and loved that review!
A terse and thrilling rocket ride on a solitary roller coaster trip.  You don't need to leave town to reach the end of this blast.  From the moment you get in the car and the safety bar locks you in it's a one way journey you will wish you not soon forget.  Loved it!
Rachel Watson is a creature of habit, taking the Ashbury-Euston train toward London daily. She doesn't have much of a life of her own so watches other people and imagines what they must be like and what they might be doing.<br/><br/>The story is told in three voices, Rachel, Anna and Megan. It also moves back and forth through time periods.<br/><br/>As Rachel is the central character, we view much of the action through her eyes. She is an alcoholic and obsessive about her former husband, Tom and Tom's wife Anna and their child.  She calls them constantly, even late at night and then hangs up the phone.<br/><br/>Tom had an affair with Anna when still married to Rachel, then divorced Rachel and became the father to Evie.<br/><br/>Even though Rachel has lost her job, she still rides the train daily and while doing so, watches the lives of others and wonders what they might be doing. One couple she watches lives a few doors down the street from Tom and Anna.<br/><br/>When a character goes missing, Rachel becomes involved in the investigation. Jess is one of the characters who Rachel watches and is really Megan.<br/><br/>There have been many comparisons of this book to "Gone Girl." Stephen King has purchased the rights for Dreamworld.<br/><br/>I felt that the book was confusing, being narrated by three people. I also didn't find any of the characters likable or characters that I wanted to learn more about. Rachel, in particular, with her blackouts, her alcoholism and her decision making was very unlikable and hard for me to believe.
This novel is one of the most interesting psychological thrillers that I have read in years.  The prose conjures such imagery you feel the angst, jealousy, and fear of the characters.  It took me a while to get into the story, but once I did, I couldn't put it down.
Loved this book.  I loved how the characters were developed.  At any time you could love them or have complete disgust for them.  One of those great books that sweeps you away into its world and you find yourself thinking about it days after you are done reading it.
I found this book interesting and a bit dark.  The particular twist of personalities was rather intriguing.  The chapters written one characters point of view really a great way to express a person's thoughts.  I couldn't put it down, I wanted to know what was next.
I liked the story.  I thought it was well written, even though I was confused in the beginning about who was talking in each chapter.  It gets clearer as you get to know the characters.  I liked the twists, the characters, the beginning and the end.  Very good read.
I bought this book because of its popularity and recommendation.  It took me a while to "get into the story", but I kept on reading anyway.  Then I was hooked.  It was a very good read and if you are into "thriller" stories, then this one is for you.
Such an interesting character and a real page turner.  I really loved this book.  Well written, and really had some interesting twists and turns.  Didn't expect a mystery thriller, and it isn't really that, but more of a great unfolding of a story.  Worth your time.
I was surprised by the ending.  The book kept me interested and curious all the way through even though I thought I had figured it out, I really hadn't.  It was intriguing and well written, obviously -- since it has been on the best seller list for how many weeks!!!
I wanted to keep reading to the end to find out what happened... but the details of the book were so repetitive, that it was a little annoying to get through. I feel like every other page we learn (again) that Rachel is an alcoholic who is still in love with her ex.
What a crazy ride! You're not sure whether you should like these women but somehow you do. Their perceptions of reality and of each other. The similarities in their lives and thoughts. It kept me hanging till the end and then I though "I should have known!" Love it.
The first half of the book was a little confusing to me but after I got it sorted out it started to make sense to me. I would have given it 4 stars but the ending became a little far fetched. I realize that it's fiction but I still like it to be somewhat realistic.
Some of the reviews Made me delay buying it for a few months, but I trusted my mystery instincts and read it in one sitting. A great study in how no one is who the girl on the train images they are from observing them every day. I loved it. Very Hitchcock.<br/>ret
Initially I found the book slightly depressing - my mother was an alcoholic so I really understood all of  Rachel's behaviour. As I read on though, I was unable to put it down. It was brilliant. One of those books you dont want to end. And what an ending. Loved it.
I loved this book. It grabbed my attention right away. I especially loved it as I have spent many hours on a train, looking into back gardens and imagining who lives in the houses. It was a really good "beach read". If you liked Gone Girl, you'll love this!
Paula Hawkins continues to have characters with complicated psyches. The characters in this book are at least not sociopaths, but they have psychological problems that cause a lot of quirks in the story. It is a fast, suspenseful read and kept me turning the pages.
This reminded me in many ways of Gone Girl, but I much prefer The Girl on the Train. While I was able to figure out "who did it" before the end, it was not until close to the end. It held my interest throughout, and unlike Gone Girl this book felt complete.
It had a surprise ending.  At first.it was a bit confusing among the people Rachel thought she  knew (or judged she knew), but it became clearer as the story developed. The women seemed to be attracted to the wrong guy, but he must have been a pretty good salesman.
Read the book whilst on vacation, could hardly put it down! Great number of characters each with lots of interesting twists and turns in their makeup. I live in Canada but am familiar with the area of the setting which helped me enormously with the developing plot.
These unsympathetic women who maybe deserved the men they got, and the men who were so flawed.  What a great read!  Love the audiobook and the different women reading their various parts.  A mystery, a thriller, a psychological character study.  Highly recommended.
I loved this book! I did not want to put it down because I wanted to know the ending so badly. I love hearing everyone's guesses on the whodunit  part of the book because I was not correct in my guessing.  This is a quick read and can be finished within a weekend.
This had been highly recommended to me. I think that was over rated. The way it is written - jumping back and forth between different people and different time lines can be confusing.  It's hard to like any of the characters. The best I can say is it is different.
Up almost all night when I had the chance to read some more. So many twists and turns I had to keep going to see if I was even close in thinking I had it figured out. Very cleverly written and a great read. Make sure you have time to spare when you start this one!
Really liked this ... read it in one day and recommended it to others;<br/>so far, they all like it; there was one exception:  one person didn't notice the names of each alternating narrator when they appeared at the top of the page.  She's going back to re-read.
Don't bother. It was almost wonderful and then it went absolutely no where. The last quarter of the book was hugely disappointing. The choices the characters made were bizarre. I read this with friends, all of us guessed the ending and all of us were disappointed.
Loved this book. This is a book that is told from multiple viewpoints which, if you have never read a novel in this format, can be distracting. However, I found the book drew me in from the beginning and I had to know what was going to happen. Well worth the cost.
The only reason I gave this book a 4 star instead of 5 star rating is because it started out a bit slow. After getting 1/4th into it, I couldn't put my kindle down until I finished reading it. Highly recommend to anyone who loves a good, thought-provoking mystery!
This book is a true thriller...during the last chapter, I would read a page, put it down and calm myself and then read some more.  It kept me on the edge of my seat.  I have to admit, I almost went to the end just to put myself out of fear...<br/>Loved this book.
What a great book!  It's been awhile that a book of this nature has been written.  Suspenseful, exciting, and very gripping. Liked the fact that there wasn't a lot of cussing and explicit sex.  Books written without all of that leave much more to the imagination:)
This was a book club selection and one of the best ever. So many broken people, who can/should you trust;  so many twists and turns you can't put the book down for fear of losing your place. Loved this story line in spite of its dark tones. Worth the time to read.
Girl on the Train was like Gone Girl, but not as well written. The multiple timelines from various characters' perspectives was a bit difficult to follow.  I did not like how the author conveniently used alcohol induced blackouts to introduce mystery to the story.
the book held my interest, suspenseful enough. Could not relate to any of the characters, but they were well developed.  Though I wasn't fond of any of the characters, I still enjoyed reading the book. Hard to love a book when don't connect with any one character.
If you are into a psychological thriller... This is the one! Very well written and will keep you on the edge of your seat for many,many pages.<br/>Not the kind of book I usually read or enjoy, but a real "thinker".<br/>Glad I read it...good change got me
Starts off as a close up and personal insight window into alcoholic disfunction and when I was just about over observing her dissolute life, it bursts through the alcoholic fog, with increasing credibility, into a 'who dunnit'.  A well crafted and satisfying read.
The story was somewhat interesting, but it dragged on in certain sections more than it should have.  The descriptions of actions and dates sometimes weren't fluid and contradictory.  Will say it's better than expected considering I never read these types of books.
Quick read. For those who like dark, twisted novels a la Gillian Flynn or Chevy Stevens. You might guess who the culprit is early on in the story, but she'll definitely take you on enough twists and turns the you'll question yourself. You won't want to put it down
I've heard so many great things about this book, and I couldn't agree more. The "Gone Girl" comparisons are fair in that they're both about a missing person and based around an unreliable narrator. But this book may be even more special. Absolutely worth the read.
I was not at all pleased with this book - in any way! I did not like the jumping back and forth and trying to keep up with the characters and found that it was one of the most depressing books I had ever read. I do not see what all the hype is about its greatness!
This is the first book I wasn't bored with in a long time. It's just too bad I guessed the ending after watching Gail King interview the author on the CBS morning show. At that point I was only halfway through. Thanks, Gail.<br/>I recommend it, very entertaining.
The characters were not likable, which is OK since they were, at least, interesting.  The main character, the girl on the train, was quite tedious.  Interesting premise, but slow going.  Also, not much of a mystery, figured out the bad guy about half way through.
I shall think of Rachel, the main character, every time I encounter one of the sad and empty faced women on the street or subway.  I expect I will never be quiet as dismissive of they and their male counter parts again.  The Girl On The Train has touched my soul!
I read a lot and it seems I am rarely surprised much anymore.  This book however was a pleasant surprise that varies from formulaic writing and what you would expect.  I highly recommend it for anyone that likes books such as Gone Girl with some twists and turns.
I am a huge fan of Paula Hawkins. If you liked reading Gone Girl then you will absolutely love this. It is a great read. I highly recommend reading anything by this author.<br/><br/>I don't want to give anything away, but don't believe anything until the end :)
I enjoyed this book. Not enough action and the storyline is quiet drawn out. It ends well but leaves you wondering what happened to certain characters. I t didn't start getting interesting until half way through. However, I'm happy I read it. It was written well.
At the beginning I wasn't sure I would even finish this book. Seemed like reading someones not very interesting journal but before long I was hooked. Some great twists and turns and an interesting study of personalities. Definitely recommend, a great summer read.
A literary mystery. Well worth the time to read.<br/>The characters all have flawed personalities and are swirling around in their own denial.<br/>Book was suggested by a female friend, but appeals to both genders.<br/>Buy this book, you won't be disappointed.
I had no idea what to expect with this book.  It was suggested to me by someone I hardly know.  I thoroughly enjoyed this read.  It was very different from my usual selections.  Hard to explain it to someone without spoiling so much, but it was very well written.
This book has had a lot of readers so I felt compelled to finish the book.  Seriously, what a waste of my time.  There is no depth to the characters and at times I was giggling at how ridiculous they were portrayed in the story.  One of the worst books I've read.
There were a number of questions at first. Didn't know what to expect.  I kept reading to figure out what was going on.  It dragged a bit at first,<br/>but then things picked up.  I kept reading to find out what happened to the missing woman.  End was a shocker.
An interesting novel  You could see glimpses of what might happen but I didn't put it all together until close to the end.  Readers need to be aware of the alternating narration provided by the 3 main characters.  If you enjoyed Gone Girl you will enjoy this one.
Loved the author's writing style for this book.  You have to get used to the three main female characters quickly as each chapter is narrated by one of them.  Loved the twist near the end (last 50 pages or so).  Will definitely recommend this novel to my friends.
I felt this book was highly overrated.  I finished it since I'd paid for it and kept waiting for the "good part."  Never happens.  An interesting concept, but hardly original.  I disliked all of the characters and really didn't care what happened to them.
barely bearable and tedious, the reliance on the deus-ex-machina of "alcoholic blackouts" makes this unreadable.<br/>i put it aside after 100 pages, which were not worth the time it took to read them.<br/><br/>(and 16 THOUSAND reviews of this? how ???)
If you enjoyed Gone Girl, thenThe Girl On The Train is right up your alley. Both books bothered me, mostly because I disliked all the characters. Alcoholics, cheating spouses,  narcissistic creeps and wallowing in pity does not make for an enjoyable or good read.
With all the hype  and comparisons to Gone Girl. I kept thinking that my  earliest  guess at "who done it" must be wrong.  Where was the big surprise?  I may have enjoyed it more if I hadn't been constantly trying to rethink what the ending of the book might be.  Other than that it was a good story and I liked how it was anchored around the train.  You could almost here the clicking and rattling nosies as it moves down the tracks.
Don't bother reading this book unless you want to read a boring story about a young alcoholic that rides the train everyday. Her drinking is boring, so is her train ride. This book was compared to Gone Girl, and it does not compare. Slow reading, a waste of time.
I liked the book. It's written in an interesting manner, although it's clear that the writing is not very mature. I don't think this is meant to be anything other than a quick, entertaining read. It's definitely not a book to analyse or to be taken too seriously.
The plot was very predictable; figured out the suspects identity very quickly.  I wanted to feel empathy for the major characters but they were all so flawed I started to loose interest in any of them.I kept hoping for a huge twist which unfortunately never came.
The story builds suspense but when I found out about Tom I was shocked. He was such a nice guy.<br/>For most of the story Rachel wants him back and I never had a clue that he was such a liar. I think the author completely changed the character of Tom at the end.
Although it took a few chapters to sort out the characters, I was soon drawn in and unable to put the book down, except to catch my breath, until reaching the end. There were twists and turns and much suspense to this thriller. Imagine it would make a good movie.
As the story unfolds you're drawn in. While the alcohol addiction is disturbing, and hard to read about, it is a necessary part of the plot.<br/>Three stars says "better than average" and if you are a fan of the mystery/murder genre, this will satisfy your bent.
After finishing  Kingsolver,s Flight Behavior, Istarte Girl on the Train. Initially the writing seemed so inferior.  But wait, it has its own kind of genius.  The mystery is so ingenious.  Just give it some time.  I've told so many of my friends to read this one.
Good murder mystery.  My problem with the book is that I didn't like any of the characters.  That doesn't seem to be a problem for most people as books like this end up as best sellers. If that doesn't bother you it will be 4 or 5 stars. Will probably be a movie.
This book was about a woman who faked having a job and took the train daily to pretend.  But there is much more to this story than that. As she becomes more embroiled in the lives of a couple she views from the train, an intriguing mystery develops.  A good read.
An exciting moment to moment thriller - as if off the top of her head she recalls these incidents - Loved the train sequences - London rail will never be as boring from now on - depending on how many Londoners read the book - which I am sure they will giggle at -
I almost never give a book 5 stars but this one kept my full attention from page 1.  I really enjoy books that show multiple perspectives and the 3 women who tell this story are all so twisted themselves that it's hard to know who can be trusted.<br/>I loved it!
Immensely enjoyable.  Told with three voices and different time periods.  If you liked Gone Girl, I'm sure you will like The Girl on the Train.  You don't know until near the end what's really happening, but after you do know, it's still disquieting.  Great read!
Once started, could not put this book down.  Well written, fast- paced with lots of twists and turns.  Paula Hawkins has succeeded admirably with a familiar scenario (murder, marital betrayal, a misunderstood and flawed heroine) and made it refreshingly original.
Such a good crazy book. An excellent use of multiple narrators. Sad, gripping, chilling and pathetic at the same time. Proud to say I was ahead of the twisted sad end. Or is it twisted and sad that I was a step ahead? This book would be an amazing movie. Read it!
This book was a disappointment to me. I found it very confusing as it skipped back and forth between the characters. I had a hard time following what was going on. Kept reading as it was highly-rated; thought it would get better. It just wasn't my kind of story!
Thought it was great until I got close to the end and then I felt that the author just wanted to finish it quickly.  The conversations and actions of the characters were unusual once the murderer was confronted and did not seem realistic under the circumstances.
Real Divas Read 1/28/12 Book Club<br/>September Book Choice<br/>This book started out very slow. But better as I kept reading, I didn't really care for the going back and forth with the characters, but over all it was a good read with a few grammatical errors.
This book was GOOD!  I will say it was a bit slow in the beginning, but I'm glad I listened to the recommendations because it was really good. Just as you think you have figured this out, something twists.  This would make a fantastic movie! Such a fun thriller!
I was never sure who was guilty of what until the last page. There was always a surprise twist just when I thought I had things figured out. I only gave it a 4 star rating because for me, it was a bit too depressing, but that being said-it was a 5 star thriller.
There were five main characters in the book and none of them were very endearing.  I have to have something to like about one of the characters to keep drawing me back into the story.  Then ending did surprise me but the book was fairly slow in the presentation.
I would've given it 5 stars but I was able to figure out ending before it was revealed.  Story kept me interested anyway.  Well written. Contained descriptive details and good imagery which heightened the mystery, suspense and excitement of this well told story.
The entire book had me guessing why this character was involved, what their part of the story was, what's going to happen next. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a page turner. I read the entire book on a train which made it even more exciting :)
This book was OK. Not fantastic, not horrible. When I read a suspenseful book or watch a suspenseful movie, I'm not the type to try to figure things out before the end. I want to get lost in it. This book was predictable. The ending was ho-hum. Overall, just OK.
What happened to books that were not about truly damaged people further damaging themselves and others?  Really clueless lead characters who continually make their lives and your reading more difficult. Still, it was an entertaining read for the train ride home.
I got the digital version. Aside from many typo, spelling, and grammatical errors it was a great read! I was too enthralled to put it down. Easily spell binding. I love the story jumping from points of view, all a long throwing you off the killers trail of lies.
I really didn't enjoy the story, or the main character. I've found that a lot of people really enjoyed this book, so it's one gal's opinion. But I thought the main character was hard to like, and I became uninterested in what was happening to her and around her.
Delivers on the review promises; riveting, entertaining and compelling. Ther perfect beach read and certain to be this summer's hit. Crafted with tension in mind and full of twits and turns - all of them unexpected and shocking.<br/>Hang tight; it's a good one!
I did not finish the book.  Tried to re-start several times but could not get past 80 pages.  The characters were not likeable and the storyline was tedious and flat. Thought maybe it was just me as everyone is reading/talking about it.  Just did nothing for me.
Enjoyable thriller in the vein of Gone Girl. Both make good use of the alternating narrators. Girl on the Train takes it one step farther with a clever twist on the unreliable narrator device in some surprising ways. Will make for a great beach read this summer.
A fast paced gripping story which goes back and forth the Gone Girl genre till you reach a point of no return. Each character is well etched out in a distinctive style. You want to know what happened but also don't want it to end. Waiting for another one, Paula.
Loved this book, kept me interested all the way until the end. So much, that I finished this book on a flight from Dallas to Honolulu. If you are looking for something to keep you guessing, well written, and a multi perspective storyline, this is a great choice.
The story pulls you in from the beginning and you want to know more about who the characters are and what's going to happen. Alternating between narrators helps change the tone of the story and add insights into the minds and motivations of the other characters.
This one kept me up nights. Fabulous book! The author built credible cases for a number of characters to have done the deed...and the deed itself wasn't revealed until half way through the book. It was compared to Gone Girl--much better and much more satisfying.
This book is trying to be a movie script but wouldn't make a grade B movie. The characters are shallow DNS the plot is manipulative or tries to be. Unfortunately you would have to have sympathy for the characters for it to work. Don't waste your time your money.
Dark.  Twists and turns in the story.  Cannot say that I liked any of the characters, but I could not put the book down.  In that way, it remained me of Gone Girl.  One of the things I appreciated about this book was the study of alcoholism and blackouts.  Dark.
Like a train, it starts out slowly picking up speed in a manner that is barely discernible and then you find that it is moving too fast for you to get off.  It is full of unexpected twists and turns so once you get going you will find this novel hard to put down
Not an easy book to read . Very important to note who is telling the story in each chapter. Took me awhile but then it became easier and the story pulled together. Was the alcoholism a bit overdone?  I found it so.  I enjoyed the book but was glad when it ended.
for most of bookit was just boring
I kept waiting for a big surprise.
I was not impressed with this book
I wish I could get that time back.
The worst book I have read in ages
Sick story with sicker characters!
It's an unusual heroine although some of the passages are hard to believe. I wonder why the author placed the story in the UK, when the speaker is evidently American and American turns of phrases  betray her all along.  Good entertainment for a rainy afternoon.
I really enjoyed the narration from the perspective of the three very imperfect female characters. The story held my interest but near the end I was somewhat disappointed because I knew what would happen and it ended just as I thought with no additional twists.
At first the story was slow and hard to get into, but once I did, I couldn't stop reading. The personalities of the female characters--Rachel, Megan and Anna was superbly done by the author.  The twists and turns kept me guessing on who was guilty and innocent.
Bought this for a vaca read and couldn't put it down. A little confusing at first with dates and women's names for each chapter but once I (very quickly) got into the storyline, I did not want to put it down. A sophisticated and emotion-provoking "who-done-it."
I was a bit surprised by the book, based on what I'd heard.  It was a page-turner, but very sad ...such a commentary on alcoholism.  The characters were not very likeable.  Usually I'm taking the part of a character....pulling for him/her.  Not so in this book.
While I was very interested in the beginning by the train setting and premise, I was soon bored by the shallow characters, both underdeveloped and without any redeeming qualities. I finished the book, but I don't recommend it. The one star is for the beginning.
Not great but not bad. Many times I put it down saying I didn't want to read more. I couldn't download another book, so I kept reading. I ended up liking it, but a lot of the book was redundant. The girl gets drunk and does something stupid. I can't recommend it
This book has a poorly executed plot. The characters are flimsy and transparent despite the author giving some of them controversial back stories. The plot twist at the ending is predictable.<br/>Save your time and read a different mystery with more substance.
Having ridden the trains in and around London, this book struck a chord with me. Who among us hasn't passed a house, seen who lives there, and made assumptions about who they are? This story reminds us that we truly do not know what goes on behind closed doors.
A real page turner. I feel sorry for the main character and yet embarrassed and ashamed of her too. I. Fact non of the female characters are likable and the men turn out to be worse!!! A great twist to the story and a great ending! )nearly as good as gone girl!
This is a well written page turner, but as I was reading it I found that the characters were so unlikable that I didn't really care what happened to them. By the end it got a bit more palatable, but I still found myself wanting to yell at them half of the time.
This is easily one of the most well written books I have ever read.  I like the way the story is laid out and how it progresses so that one is never sure of what is going to happen next.  The story is equal to or better than, Gone Girl, and I loved that story!!
This is a deceptive book it appears one way then shifts another then another.  I thought at a couple points reading it, I would put it down but I kept coming back just to read a " little" more, then I would be caught up in the story once again. Recommended read
I had trouble warming up to the book, because the "Girl on the Train"  was a drunk, and made her own troubles by sticking her nose in where it did not belong. My inclination was to quit reading it, but I'm glad that I didn't -  the ending was excellent!
This book holds your interest to the end, and I would recommend it.  Like so many books today, though, it seems as if the author gets totally embroiled in the plot, and then one day realises there has to be a conclusion, and the result is a little unbelievable.
It's difficult to criticize The Girl on the Train without spoiling the suspense and surprise.  The characters are developed - up to a point.  The plot is interesting and suspenseful - up to a point.  Suffice it to say, I think it falls apart way before the end.
Excellent read. Compelling. The alcohol addiction issue is very well portrayed. Even frighteningly realistic at times (since I treat such people/patients). Very well done. I suspect in 2017 we'll see an announcement  about the soon to be released movie version.
Solving the mystery (of who killed Megan), was compelling and moved me to finish the book. The characters were shallow and especially the women were all portrayed as victims, used by men and unable to make mature decisions. Overall, this book was disappointing.
Bonus points that I didn't figure out who done it (for sure) until it was almost revealed (for sure).  I felt a little let down by a couple of things in ending (don't want to say more as don't want to ruin story for anyone ), but still enjoyed the book overall.
For people who enjoyed "Gone Girl" , this is a must read.  But I must tell you first, the only similarity to "Gone Girl" is there is a girl missing.  The test of this book is a thriller that will keep you guessing!  I couldn't put the book down!
Well-crafted story; staggered timeline contributes to suspense; protagonist wants to be reliable but then, so do the other characters. Who to believe? Love, betrayal, addiction - all glimpsed from the window of the daily commute. The book Gone Girl hoped to be.
Fun, fast, easy read.  Thoroughly enjoyable, though sometimes you wonder how she even came up with that mess of a protagonist.  I didn't know if I wanted her to get herself together or to fall off the face of the earth.  I guess that makes her a good character.
These characters were all CRAZY. I mean crazy-pants crazy. But that was part of the appeal. With everyone so off their rocker, you just didn't really know how this was going to unfold, who was reliable and who wasn't.  It was a fun little psychological joyride.
What a great book. From first page to last. Kept me guessing throughout and guess what...I guessed wrong. I can't wait for Ms Hawkins next book. Just like Gone Girl the characters are unlikable but that was part of the appeal. I love books that make you say omg
OK, as we all know, the book is a page-turner. The book is not fast-paced, but somehow you can't put it down. However, when I got to the end and the dust started to settle, I realized the following: (1) As others have pointed out, all three female voices sound almost interchangeable. I'd like to think that if I got into someone's head, I'd see the "real" them, and we would all seem unique from each other. Makes you wonder what would happen if Ms. Hawkins were inside Hilary's head, or Margaret Thatcher. (2) Men in the book are terribly one-dimensional. Like most of us, I've had my share of bad relationships, but Hawkins really writes them on the level of "Me hungry, Me horny." It's laughable. Even for the most important male lead we never get a fully developed sense of his narcissism or why he did what he did. "It just happened." Come'on man. Stop being so lazy and write a character with depth! (3) At the end of the book you look back and realize it's really just a "Lifetime Movie" plot that is extremely well written. This isn't "Crime and Punishment" or "Madame Bovary."No lessons learned or really POV. All great literature from "Sound and Fury" to "Romeo and Juliet" to "Alice in Wonderland" has some point to it, even if the lesson is there is no point, the author makes that clear by the last chapter.  This is just another (very engaging) book about fractured women who somehow find the strength to overcome a "bad situation." So what?
Love it what a great book.  I haven't read a book in over 20 years, long overdue.  This book was mentioned in a magazine as a good read so I decided to purchase it.  Definitely a good move on my part, excellent, suspenseful, keeps you reading and on your toes.
What a great read. It was hard to put down. I liked how the characters told their stories. It was confusing at first because I wasn't paying attention to the dates. Once I had that figured out I totally enjoyed the story. Great book would highly recommend it!!
Beware Kindle Readers! Each chapter is the voice of one of three characters.  The name is faint on my paper white Kindle, so I didn't realize it. I got confused and went to wikipedia for plot. It described the ending first so there was no mystery for me. Alas!
A bunch of very dysfunctional people who never learn from their mistakes, continuing to do even more dysfunctional/self-destructive things.  Then when 2 meet up, they do yet more dysfunctional, self-destructive things.  Not how I want to spend my time reading.
The girl on train is a quick, easy read but it becomes predictable about half way through.. It appears to be similar to gone girl, but lacks the edge of the thrill. It's not a book I feel the urge to finish in one go. It is entertaining, but not spell binding!
The story had a number of threading story lines which were not apparently related until quite a bit later. There was misdirection and converging clues which gave you a lot of speculation about motives and who was covering up for whom. Quite a stunning finish !
i really enjoyed this one!  i thought the characters were well written and the suspense was continuous.  i didn't figure it out until the very end and at that point, i admit it was probably a bit of a disappointment.  however, it was definitely worth the read!
I enjoyed this.  Keep me busy trying to figure who was who and what was going on.  Am looking forward to the movie when it comes out just to see who they decide to use as the different characters.  I liked that the setting was London and the surrounding areas.
The author had a great way of leading me backwards and forwards in time and allowing me time to develop my own theories about the direction of the story. I relished each character's perspective and found Ms Hawkins' style refreshing and captivating! Good Read!
I really enjoyed this book.  It was to me very suspenseful.  I like the first person alternating characters.  Even though I really didn't like any of the characters very much, I enjoyed the way the plot was developed.  I highly recommend The Girl On The Train.
The book was good, but the hype let me down a bit. Not the next Gone Girl, but a good book on its own. A nice plane or beach read, you'll keep the pages turning but I thought the character development lacked. I got annoyed with the drunken ramblings of Rachel.
I loved this book and how you feel the true emotions of the characters.  The twists throughout the book keep you on your toes! I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to be entertained from start to finish.  I can see this being done as movie some day.
I read this book in one sitting - cover to cover. Like others who reviewed the book, I was disappointed by the ending. Would have enjoyed more complexity and less of an "all questions answered conclusion. Poor Rachel. Hope she adds to her 20 some odd days.
Wow. Of all the dysfunctional characters the worst definitely got it in the end. Without too much spoiling, I'll never open a bottle of wine the same way again!<br/>Definitely enjoyed and would recommend, as long as you don't mind far from perfect characters.
I found the constant "back and forth" between the characters on the train to be tiring. It was hard to determine which "girl on the train" was the subject at any particular point in time. I frankly do not see how this book became a best seller.
Id give it a 4.5 star.  The first half was depressing, as this girl struggled so much with alcoil demons. Iy made up for it in the second half particularly the last quarter. She definitely can create a plot and express herself well. I'd look for her next boov.
Every one in this novel needs a continuous daily sessions of  psychotherapy. If you can make through the self psychoanalysis of each character then the story becomes a well written interesting and engaging drama. However, it is too much mental exercise for me.
I kept waiting for this one to get good.  It took 90% of a truly boring piece of literature to get interesting.  I found the protagonist annoying and detached from reality.<br/>Do yourself a favor and find a good suspense novel out there and pass this one by.
Was highly recommended by my sister. Totally understand why after I read this book. Completely and thoroughly LOVED The Girl On The Train!! Fascinating, intriguing, great read, twists & turns, and leaves one guessing all the way through. Perfect kind of book!!
I couldn't put this book down.  It was very well written and liked the different perspectives the author provided.  It kept me guessing.  Poor Rachel was such a wreck you felt really sorry for her but she was strong in the end.  Definitely recommend this book.
I don't enjoy books about falling down drunk women so perhaps I am not the one to comment.  Some of the things that happened were just<br/>childish and hard to believe.  The story had a good ending and all was well.  The truth of everything made her sober up.
The Girl on the Train is a psychological mystery with many twists and turns.  It is the quest of an alcoholic, unsuccessful, recently divorced young woman to find out how she possibly contributed to the death of women she only saw from a distance.  Great book!
I really didn't enjoy this novel.  I Knew from early on who did it and she really captured the duplicity of some husbands but it just irritated me.<br/><br/>Any women who reads this and doesn't know what I am talking about should consider herself very lucky.
Well written. There's a death early on and then three narrators that keep you guessing. If you like trying to solve mysteries, you'll enjoy trying to guess the killer and probably won't until near the end of the book.  Highly recommend that you take the ride.
A bit painful to get through the first 15% because the main character is pretty mopey. It picks up really quickly from there and is very gripping. Gave me a good suspenseful scare. Ultimately, I felt it the pursuit of the plot left the characters in the dust.
I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed this book. It's an easy read when you don't want a 800 page, heavy read. It kept my interest throughout, although I was a little disappointed in the ending but over all I definitely recommend Girl on the Train.
I get the comparisons to Girl Gone, but this book was just okay for me. I would rather give it 2.5 stars.  But it helped me pass the time. It is a quick read. Without saying too much, the plot turns and twists I just didn't find exciting. The main character (
This is an amazing story that kept me turning the pages to find out what happens next.  Through out the book, I kept thinking I knew the outcome but with each chapter or two, I kept changing my mind.  Very well written.  Keeps you wanting to not stop reading!
Unfortunately I started reading this book at 11pm. Fortunately, it was the weekend so there was no harm in  me reading until 3am, then waking up at 7am to finish it. It was gripping...legitimately couldn't do anything else before I finished reading this book.
Finally got around to reading this bestseller. The book and its characters are quite engaging and intriguing at the beginning and into the middle of the book, but I was somewhat disappointed by the ending—a number of loose ends. Still, it's an enjoyable read.
I'm not a fan of plots with characters I don't like and can't find any redeeming qualities to.  I also thought this book was creepy and I don't like creepy plots.  However, the author writes well and I hope comes up with more likable characters in the future.
I just couldn't put the book down. If I had the chance I would have read the book in one sitting. The characters were believable and well written. I wish more was written about what happened to the other characters in the end and the distant future for Rachel.
Oh my gosh.  Loved this book.  Had not read anything by this author but will look for her from now on.  I am not able to read a book as quickly as I would like, but this one was read in 3 days.  That is good for me.  I actually hated to "put it down".
Good use of character viewpoint, although some became a bit predictable in parts. Unreliable narrator could have been a bit more obscuring at times but did offer some see-sawing of reader alliance. Better than many other current "who did it" attempts.
There is a reason this book has been on best seller lists for such a long time. Full of suspense, I had trouble putting it down and going to sleep at night. The characters are fluid, you think you know them, but they change through out the coarse of the book.
This book is masterfully constructed. people who can guess endings should read this book because they won't !  I read it in one day.  I guess that's what cliche reviewers call a page turner. the characters and setting are perfect. they draw you in completely.
We only read a few chapters and it was so disconnected , we quit!  Avid readers, my wife reads to me every afternoon at 1700 while we enjoy a glass, or so, of wine and savor a good story and/or mystery. This one never got started and was not worth the effort.
I absolutely loved this book. It was engrossing and incredibly well written. You have definite opinions of all the characters, some you love, some you hate and none of them are perfect. The mystery of it unfolded well, and kept you on the edge the whole time.
Basic story is good and book well written, but the recounting off Rachel's problems became so repetitive that I had trouble sticking with it. An exercise in agony. But I finished the book and my enjoyment outweighed my frustration, though it was a close call.
This was the most interestingly written book I have read in a long time.  I did not think I would like it during the first few chapters, but then I quickly became hooked and had a hard time putting it down when I just had to go to sleep at night.  Great read!
Not my cup of tea.  I did enjoy Gone Girl but found it much more believable, this seemed to have one too many situations that worked out conveniently and I didn't find the characters likable (they probably weren't meant to be, but I didn't find it enjoyable).
Gripping from the beginning.  A dark and disturbing tale about a girl with a lot of problems who cannot let go of the past.  A real page turner.  However, the ending was a bit weak and it lost credibility for me at that stage.  Nevertheless, a very good read.
If the reader is able to get through the stream of consciensness and unconsciounsness of a drunken alcoholic without getting totally depressed the story is redeamed toward the end.  It was difficult to wade through the thoughts of a drunk, but I'm glad I did.
This book was not bad, I did find the constant writing about the characters drunken state a bit annoying though!  I also figured out who the killer was half way through the book.  Like I said not bad but not the best either, a definite no brainier, fast read!
I enjoyed the book, but would warn future readers to read the dates and pay attention to the notes.  I skimmed over them and the book wasn't making too much sense.  It was laborious reading about the drunk, and I felt little to no sympathy for the characters.
I can usually read any kind of book but I just could not get into this one.  Maybe it is more understandable later on, but I read about half of it and did not understand who was whom, who as crazy, who was real....do not understand all the hype for this book.
This is a really good book, difficult to put down. Easy to read, but not dumb. Lots of comparisons to "Gone Girl" but I was reminded of "The House of Sand and Fog" in that humans can invite real tragedy just through selfish behaviours or the fog of addiction.
A good read but not as good as all the hype around the book in my opinion. It took a while to get into the way the story of each person was presented. I didn't feel much sympathy for any of the characters and by the end was just glad to be finished with them.
The book was a fast read because it kept you turning the pages as quickly as possible to see what the next chapter held.  It kept me guessing to the end.  I would think I knew where the plot was going and then it would take another turn.  Very enjoyable read.
As much suspense as any Hitchcok movie I've seen.  I figured out the killer several times and was shocked at the end!  Hope they make a movie.  Better than Gone Girl!  The heroine. Was quite believable, except some of her decisions were really stupid and bad.
Really interesting read.  Keeps you guessing til the end.  Gives you insight into perceptions we have about others and a glimpse into the inner thoughts and struggles of characters dealing with issues that we typically may not have first hand experience with.
I couldn't put this book down!!  Just as good, if not better, than Gone Girl with twists and turns on every page. It's easy to find the victim in this tale, but the murderer really is a stunner.  A must-read for any one looking for mystery and  entertainment.
It takes a while to figure out how this comes together.  A lot of different perspectives on various events.  Need to watch the dates on each chapter to keep things straight.  Once you do, you realize how much is going on.  The outcome is not what one expects.
It gets a little tedious with what I consider unecessary train rides & thoughts but overall a good plot and surprise ending.  Hard to put down once you get going.  If you have ever been hurt by infidelity this book isn't for you cuz it's a huge part of story.
'It takes me a while to realize what I'm feeling when I wake. There's a rush of elation, tempered with something else: a nameless dread. I know we're close to finding the truth. I just can't help feeling that the truth is going to be terrible.'<br/>Was it ever.<br/><br/>The girl on the train is Rachel, an unemployed alcoholic, still bitter from her divorce from Tom. She travels to and from London every day, staring out the train window past her old house where Tom now lives with Anna and their new baby. She also passes another house. She doesn't know the young couple who lives there. She doesn't know their jobs, or families or even their names. To Rachel, they are the perfect couple, a picture of domestic bliss. Until she sees something. Something she wasn't meant to see. It was just a flash on a moving train, but it was enough.<br/><br/>The young couple are Megan and Scott. They seem perfectly happy, but Megan has a secret. She begins an affair, and is seen by Rachel kissing her lover in her own backyard. The very next day, Megan is reported missing by her husband. And so begins a twisted game of whodunnit, with all the characters intertwined. It's true we never really know another person, even the ones we love the most.<br/><br/>I read numerous reviews which compared this story to <i>Gone Girl<i/> (which I hated) but I was pleased to find it wasn't at all. This was great. I was even more thrilled to learn this was Paula Hawkins first novel. I can't wait to see what she comes up with next.
I can see why readers like this, but I'm not a fan. The book began well enough but slowed to a standstill. I read until page 87. Then I skimmed until 200. Then I finished the book. I wanted to know how it ended, but I wasn't vested in any of the characters.
This book is not as quickly paced as I would like.  The first few chapters build suspense very slowly.  I haven't yet finished it and I'm not sure I will because the writing isn't as good as I had hoped for.  But it may be perfect for others and probably is.
Based upon other reader's reviews, I expected more.  I found this a little less exciting, compelling and overall a little boring compared to other readers.  Was ok, but far from the "page turner" that I was expecting.  Would I recommend?  Not likely.
I was able to predict the end fairly early. Then the author creatively misdirected my thinking throughout the middle and late chapters. When all was said and done, my prediction held. I enjoyed the misdirection and thoroughly enjoyed the whodunit. Well done.
The story is narrative told by the three main women characters and tells each's perspective on the complicated weave of their lives.  It's is fundamentally a murder mystery that keeps you intrigued as you explore involvement real and imagined of these women.
Paula Hawkins is an excellent story teller! I really enjoyed the twists and turns and I was hanging on to every word! I loved the opposing view points of Anna, Megan and Rachel and I appreciated how true each character was to themselves throughout the story.
This story draws you in and does not let you go. I was guessing up to the end. I hated seeing the heroines depicted so weak through out the stories as they intertwined but I was glad to see their strengths come through eventually. A really great read!
Good story. Early on, I thought I would quit the book because I did not like the main character - alcoholic, falling-apart misery is not something I like reading about. But then... well, I was surprised at how much I began to care about this messed-up woman.
I felt compelled to read on in this book although the characters were without compassion. Points to the truth of how sick alcohol can make you. Maybe my age is showing but I felt disconnected from the trauma and less compassionate for each of the characters.
This book took me a little bit of time to get into but once about halfway through, I could not put it down. There are lots of twists and turns throughout the book. It was very interesting the way they separated everything by character. Definitely five stars!
I'm not usually a fan of mysteries but this book was highly recommend and I had a few days left on vacation so I decided to read it. It is excellent and at some point I couldn't put it down and had to finish. If you liked "gone girl" you will like this book.
I read the book not knowing anything about it.  I found it almost impossible to keep clear which person the author was writing about.  I had a difficult time keeping straight which character was doing what.  Interesting story, but difficult for me to follow.
Even though keeping the characters straight is a time-consuming effort reading this book, the story is so gripping it is hard to put down .  Anyone who read Gone  Girl would enjoy this scary mystery, although Gone Girl is the stronger, better written novel .
Not really my kind of book. Just finised "The Martian" before this one and liked it much more. This book is good at examing how some people, in this case 2 woman are manipulted by a devious and crazy husband. A book perhaps more enjoyable to a woman.
Main character was weak and after a while I felt she was unable to control her life and emotions.  She became more and more a loser in the eyes of all the other characters in the book.  Perhaps this is what the author was striving for to keep you interested.
Get ready to frequently switch from one character to another. Excellent book except that it took me about a third of the way to realize that each character was telling her own story. At first, I was convinced that Rachel suffered from multiple personalities.
I liked this book, despite the fact that none of the characters were likable. Rachel is an alcoholic, Anna is an unapologetic homewrecker, as is Megan, though Megan is unstable as well. The mystery is very engrossing, though, and I didn't predict the ending.
I enjoyed the book and highly recommended  this book to my friends.  When  you see strangers every day on your way to work, one often wonders about their life. This author took it to another level of suspence and intrigue.  My friendson enjoyed to book also.
I did not care for the book.  Reading the first few chapters, I wasn't sure if the author was talking about one character or two. There was so much jumping from character to character and time frame to time frame, that it became a distraction from the story.
The storyline moved too slow, it was very boring & repetitive at the beginning. It did pick up starting from the middle, but by then i'd guessed the ending already. Not a completely waste of time, but i expected it to be better based on all the rave reviews.
Could not finish. Repetitive, annoyingly slow, dark characters, and the title -- well just another author that want's to gain marketing value by integrating "girl" in the title. Tedious. Don't recommend. Plot and characters of very little importance.
A continuously engaging psychological drama.<br/>Very good, memorable writing.<br/>Even though the main heroine is so desperate,<br/>and we can always feel her despair,<br/>the book is not depressing because<br/>what happens is relevant and interesting.
I found this book very entertaining and addicting. Being a full time mom  of 3, it's hard to find the time to read, but I did with this book! I could barely it down. I think this book would be a great movie! I would recommend it to anyone. It's a must read!
I read this book in less than two days at the beach. It kept me on the edge of my seat and it's a very unpredictable book. It has mystery and romance and has elements of a thriller. Highly recommend, especially if you liked Gone Girl or Luckiest Girl Alive.
Amazing story, incredible compilation, it kept my interesting the whole time, the kind of book you find so difficult to put down! Loved it loved it loved it! It actually helped me in a time of grieving, took my mind somewhere else and made it easier for me!
I honestly thought I had this book figured out about halfway through. The twist at the end was completely unexpected. I finished this book in 2 days and I am not an especially fast reader. I just couldn't put it down. The book's popularity is well deserved.
I'm usually not a lover of suspense novels, however this one was exceptional! An excellent summer read. I was on the edge of my seat and suspecting everyone in the story of a crime. The literary devices were used to perfection, I highly recommend this book!
I hated this book- the main character was annoying, had no direction and was a drunk. For half the book I thought about stopping and throwing in the towel. Then the book took off and I couldn't put it down. I wouldn't recommend this book but what an ending!
Kept me interested through out. I liked the switching of the different characters each chapter.  Using 2 different timelines also was quite unique.  Read it in 3 sessions.  My wife ( a psychiatrist )  is now starting it.  Can't wait to hear what she thinks.
This book was a fast read and entertaining, but didn't have me thinking about it much after I finished. I figured out who the killer was early in the book and was disappointed that I was correct in the end. I wished it had more complex twists along the way.
Long winding road leading nowhere. Easy read, no more. Kept waiting for the pinnacle/unexpected twist of a suspense/thriller but it was just over 300 page of expected cliched love triangle gone awry. Ok in-flight reading when there isn't anything else to do
Couldn't put this one down. I'm almost embarrassed to say, but I conjured about every possible ending except what the author used. She does a great job of making her reader create conclusions, second guess it, and then down another path you go. Fun journey!
Very suspenseful and exciting. A real nail biter.  I went through several theories trying to guess the outcome and was wrong each time and I like when a book surprises me near to the end. Characters are real but not too likable.  I really enjoyed this book.
I wasn't a fan of Rachel's and during the first half of the book, I found her quite tedious.<br/>The ending was a surprise to be sure. I did enjoy the train rides and Rachel's imagination.<br/>A fast read so a recommendation for those who enjoy a mystery.
One girl whining. I did not really like this book. I found the character sloppy and the writing sloppy. I put this book down twice out of boredom. Then one night I could not sleep and jumped to the end to see who really did it. This book in my opinion: meh.
Interesting format for presenting the story, but difficult to follow until the characters were more defined. But it was good enough to make me go back to the beginning and l am glad I did. The ending caught me offguard, but that's what makes s good mystery.
Entertaining book. Writing and story was interesting enough that I read it in two days. Only thing that bothered me were the female characters. They were annoying and dumb. Wished she put more thought into developing realistic and smarter female characters.
Frankly I didn't much like it and kept trying to put it down but continued so I could find out what all the hipe was about!  It certainly wasn't as good as Gone Girl.  Confusing - she didn't have any money but she continued to buy drinks and ride trains????
This book starts out slowly, I almost gave up on it. I had a little trouble keeping the three women straight; the chapters were written from each of their viewpoints.  None of the characters are likeable, at all. The ending was not very surprising but satisfying.
I was wowed..not sure about it at first but it really twisted and turned. It WAS better than Gone Girl (sorry, but it really was) even though it is different. Much more to it than GG. I recommend it. If I can read most of it in one day, it's got to be good.
Intriguing, suspenseful, thrilling, and deeply captivating, this is a book you won't be able to put down. Reminiscent of Gone Girl but great in its own right, I'd highly recommend this, if not for the story, then for the complexity of its leading character.
I did not like the main characters - could not identify with any of them - except Cathy.  Although<br/>, readers who like mysteries would like this book.  It did keep my interest.  I would give it one more star if there had been one more lovable character.
I enjoyed this book because it was written entirely in first person and the author was very good with expressing herself this way. I have recommended this book to my sister, who enjoys reading as much as I do. It was a quick read but I did enjoy reading it.
I really enjoyed the book. We read it for our book club and it was universally liked. That almost never happens, so it deserves a thumbs up! I gave it 4 instead of 5 because I've never enjoyed a book so much while sincerely disliking every single character.
Well written. Didn't want to put it down. Nice method of intertwining the different characters with their personal perspective of their situations. Also interesting how the perceptions of an individual is in sharp contrast to the reality of the situation..
The book was OK---not "I can't put it down", though. Sometimes slow--needed to move on. Reminded me of GONE GIRL---not quite as suspenful. The moving back and forth from each character, calling some characters with made up names--a bit distracting.
It was a good read.  Nice and quick, good for the beach.<br/><br/>I liked reading the story  from the different character's point of view but I think the author dropped the ball by not letting us in on the third main character's point of view at the end.
4 stars only because the first half of the book is tedious to read.  However, as I became more engaged with the characters and realized that all was not what it seemed to be, this " easy to put down" book became a page turner.  Do not stop reading!
It wasn't a page turner. Moved along slowly and sometimes repetishously. As the plot moved forward it did become more interesting.<br/>Then the twists and turns occurred and it got better.<br/>Wasn't thrilled with the book in general. Just my impression.
I wanted to like this book, but I was so bothered by her drinking problem that I could not connect to the story line. It has an amazing plot twist in the end that really made it up to me. It has the same feel to it as Gone Girl did if you enjoyed that one!
I loved this book.  If you have ever ridden the trains in the UK this book will bring back such nostalgic memories of all the little villages, houses and schools you pass on your journey. This books truly captures the essence of a commuter along with twists and turns you don't expect with the characters in the book. Excellently written and the characters come to life.  I would definitely recommend this book.
After the next book for a long trip, then the girl on the train is a great option. Read it non stop during a 7 h flight between Sydney to Tokyo. Really entertaining! The end was a bit Hollywoodish, but who caress, the whole story is awesome! Great thriller
Hawkins weaves and interesting tale of intrigue involving 2 couples and the heroine of the story and how their lives interchange.  The concept is interesting and Hawkins keeps the reader involved throughout the story.  Not bad….but not a great read either.
Making it short and sweet, I prefer a protagonist I can identify with, I could not identify with this woman. I could not identify with anyone. Now it was well written. Kept interested by litte windows of information. Would read another book by this author.
It was just OK- it was intriguing enough to finish it...but I wouldn't say it's the best thriller I've ever read and it's a little repetitive.  The landscape is pretty mundane because she is literally on a train most of the time.  It's a quick read though!
Paula Hawkins takes the reader on a dizzying commute through the English countryside as we reluctantly enter the lives of the people she views from the commuter train. Full of twists and turns the story becomes engrossing as you try to guess "who done it"!
This was one of those books that you can't put down.  Love those kind of books. It kept my attention from the first page until the last.<br/>Would highly recommend this book to anyone who like "Gone Girl". Can't wait to read more by Paula Hawkins.
Seems like the protagonist's drunken ramblings and redundant behaviors circle round and round in the same pattern for much too long. I couldn't make myself care for any of the characters, though I did finish the book. Its resolution was, to me, just so-so.
The Girl on the Train is an enjoyable read. It is a little difficult in the beginning, with two people and two timelines interwoven together. Then the third party is interwoven into the story. Then add a dynamite exciting ending, and you have a great read.
At first I thought it was going to be a bit boring- after all, how exciting could a train ride be traveling the same route every day?  Well, I recommend sticking with it.  Paula Hawkins is very clever the way she ties all loose ends together. Great ending!
Could be somewhat confusing if reader did not notice change in characters at the top of chapters.  Good story.  I did get a little frustrated with the main character making the same mistakes.  Did not figure out the end until almost finished with the book.
Thought provoking.  Although I've read many WWII/Holocaust type stories, I really appreciated this one.  The writer gave you more to think about from the standpoint typical Germans living in the countryside.  The love story and family lives rounded it out.
Based on others recommendations my hopes were high for this novel, but I found it very draggy and contrived.  BUT...this writer<br/>sure knows about the alcoholic woman.  The alcoholic symptoms brought out in the Rachel character were incredibly accurate.
I read this because its been on the Best Seller List for a while and my curiosity got the best of me.  I was a little disappointed during the first few chapters but kept reading and it got much better.  I had a strong dislike for the main character though.
I'm usually good at figuring out what's what before the main character, but my hat is off to the author. Well played, Ms. Hawkins. My only complaint ... At the beginning, Rachel's and Megan's voices were indistinguishable. Otherwise, a most excellent read.
If you enjoy a thriller in the vein of Gone Girl, you will like this book. However, in this case the narrator is a third party who involves herself in the plot. It was a good read if you like mysteries. I didn't figure out who did it until towards the end.
I really enjoyed the book and read it in a single day.  I often found the characters maddening and really can't say I "liked" any of them, but perhaps that's because they all were flawed.  I look forward to other works by Ms. Hawkins in the future.
I liked the pace of this book and how each chapter was dedicated to one of the main female characters. Although I figured out who the murderer was early on, it didn't stop me from wanting to read more. Interesting character developments. Solid 4-star book.
This story was as good as "Gone GIrl"  I loved this story and had a hard time putting the book down.  I hope Paula Hawkins the author writes a sequel to it.  I would highly recommend reading "The Girl on the Train".  Diane, Jacksonville, FL
I love books like this. The ones where you think you got it all figured out. The ones where you think oh I knew it all along! But then;  it gets switched all around and you are thrown for a loop and it turns all the way around. I love those kinds of books!
Paula Hawkins’ debut novel The Girl on the Train is THE book that everyone is talking about these days. And with good reason.<br/><br/>The novel is a compulsively readable psychological thriller that gives us shifting narrative view points from three different — and completely unreliable — narrators. Rachel, Anna and Megan each have pieces of the puzzle as to what happened when, well, that might be giving away too much. Each of these women’s lives has multiple points of intersection and watching as Hawkins slowly puts the pieces into place is one of the pleasures of this novel.<br/><br/>So too is the willingness Hawkins has to make her characters completely unlikeable at times, but to give us clues as to why and how they’re behaving the way are. Whether it’s Rachel’s struggles with alcohol and her obsession with her ex-husband and his new family or Anna and her overprotective nature toward her new life and new baby, Hawkins parcels out just enough information to keep the reader making assumptions about these women. Sometimes she leads us down the wrong path and other times, she only confirms what we already suspected.<br/><br/>It’s that aspect that makes The Girl on the Train such a compelling and much buzzed about read. Another fact in the novel’s favor is that it feels very much like a stand-alone novel. In the day and age where it seems like everything to hit shelves has to be part of a series, it’s nice to pick up a novel that can stand-alone as well as this one does.
My advice - read this book in 1-2 days. I read it over several weeks and each time I picked it up again, I had to reacquaint myself with which characters' perspective etc. That is to say, it was quite challenging to figure out what was going on sometimes.
Although the plot held my attention, I found the story line pretty far fetched. The portrayal of men in the novel was also very negative and disturbing. Overall, though, since the book was interesting and hard to put down at times, I am giving it 3 stars.
Kept me reading but feeling depressed at the same time. A quick read and good storytelling. I just wish I'd been more aware of the tone before I started. This book came highly recommended to me and still feel many I know would've enjoyed it a little more.
This book was slooooow and a shade boring.  Perhaps it's just that the subject matter doesn't interest me, because while I feel sympathy for the woman in the book, I also got a little tired of hearing about her addiction and all the stupid things she did.
I love books where you think you know who did it one minute but change your mind the next minute. Then you find out it is someone you didn't even think about. This was a great book. I am a slow reader, but it didn't take me but a couple of days to finish.
This book held my interest and was hard to put down.  However, I feel somewhat "manipulated" when an author leaves out background info on key characters as a way to create suspense. I would have liked the characters to be a little more believable.
This book gets off to a very slow start but does eventually pick up at about the 2/3 point. I had figured out "whodunnit"well before the ending. I did enjoy the vulnerability of the main character, Rachel, and that she did eventually find her way.
I read this because it was on the bestseller list and it did not disappoint. While it took me a little to get into it from the beginning it moved well after that and gave a lot of foreshadowing without giving away the plot twists. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
What a thrill! I honestly couldn't put this novel down. I finished it in just one day. If you're a fan of Gone Girl you will enjoy this book. One complaint was some redundant / annoying inner dialogue. Besides that, it kept me hooked to the last sentence!
This is probably the best book I've read in ages; quite a page turner. Three women with very different personalities,all tied together in a tight, mysterious web. The book 's twists and turns keeps the reader guessing the next move all the way to the end.
It got interesting gradually, but near the end it was something of a page-turner.  Chapter titles that were something other than one of the three female characters' names would have been helpful.  Or maybe, no chapter titles at all would have been better.
Because the main character has an alcohol addiction, I had difficulty getting involved with the plot.  Once Rachael cut back on her drinking and started to make sense, I became more engaged in the book.  The last third of the book really kept my interest.
While I guess it is not a work of great American literature, "Train" is a compelling story, one that rivets your attention and makes it difficult to put down. The main character has plenty of problems but we root for her anyhow...most of the time.
The story of a woman written by Paula Hawks keeps the reader on tiptoe as to who the guilty party may be. Many compliments to MS Hawks for the unexpected twist revealed at the end in a well written, heart breaking train ride along side the main character.
The book overall was a good read but it was a little predicable. The author used too many details for some things like she was trying to fill a page. This was annoying when you already knew where it was going but had to navigate through unnecessary words.
I was drawn in by the hype. I'll admit, it was addicting. There are no likable characters, but that's not a requirement for a book to be good. As much as I usually am able to guess the plot, I will say that I didn't see the end coming! It was well hidden!
it is true that every caracter in the book is dysfunctional and hard to like, but all the caracters together make a good story and at the end, they seem to change and learn something of the experience. The book kept my attention and interest all the time.
Confusing trying to keep up with the dates of the entries. She skips from present day to 2 months earlier and then back frequently. I found myself having to track back to see if what I was reading was current or if she was recalling something from before.
I finished this book in one setting!<br/>This book had me on the edge of my seat!  You will be riveted until the very end, trying to figure out how these characters and the plot is going to come together.  This is a "must read" for suspense fans!
On the first page I was transported to that train and disembarked only when the story ended. For me, hours later, cover to cover non stop. I cannot remember the last time I suspended my life, totally absorbed into the reality of the characters of a story.
I could not put this book down.  Super fast, easy read.  Interesting story, interesting characters.  Loved that each chapter was in the voice of one of the 3 main women in the story - describing a scene from their situation.  I highly recommend this book.
Very fast read and while it had some twists, I was able to figure some of it out before it was brought round to the conclusion.  A little depressing, but complex lives - divorce, alcoholism, infertility can all be.  But I would recommend it for a reading.
The story sarted out intriguing as the characters were built. You could not predict how the story was going to play out. There were so many plausible outcomes. Then the story got absurd and I really didn't care anymore who did it.I would not recommend it.
from my goodreads review: As usual, I did not fall in love with the writing of this highly popular book, but it was a fast read so the suffering on my part was minimal. The perp's justification of all wrong doing was about the only interesting bit for me.
I was disappointed in this book.  The writing was dull, repetitive, and without literary merit.  The characters were unlikeable and boring, especially Rachel, the main character.  The ending was predictable.  In fact, "boring" describes his novel.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. At first it was difficult to follow because they kept switching characters through the chapters but once I got a hold of who was who... I couldn't put it down. This book kept me guessing who's and what's throughout.
The author weaves a marvelous, mischievous and mysterious web of intrique. She clearly makes the reader think about what we see and how misleading it can be. I think this novel knocks " Gone Girl" out of the park! Sure hope it will be a movie too!
I haven't read a fictional book in probably 10years. So with that said I enjoyed it but it was kind of predictable. I didn't like the main character- She seemed so desperate and I didn't care for her much. I wish I didn't pay so much for this book either.
This book was one of those mysteries that have you trying to guess whodunit. The characters were well developed and got me wanting to know more from the start. It was perfect for reading on a cold winter's day or for the warm summer's day for that matter!
There were so many twists and turns in this book. It was such a refreshing change from all the predictable junk Amazon's been recommending lately. A drunk is not a dependable narrator! I can't say more than that because I don't want to ruin it for anyone.
Did not care for the story at all
Boring to tears. I gave up on it.
A great read. Highly recommended.
Great nail biter, full of twists.
Way over rated. No mystery to me.
Depressing and none too thrilling
I read this book in a couple of days, it created great suspense but I found the main character a bit hard to relate to or maybe it was unlikable. The ending was great and the jumping between characters was awesome! Definitely would recommend to a friend.
An excellent mystery; several suspects with a surprise ending.  I waited over 5 months to get this book.  When you finish a good book that other people are waiting to read, please go to Amazon and return the book instead of waiting 'til the time is up!!!
I downloaded it to my Kindle and didn't notice for the first 25% of the book that it was being told from different character perspectives. It was very lightly written on the very top of the page. Once I saw that it all made sense and I really enjoyed it.
I did not really care for this book. The protagonist (?) is a busybody with a drinking problem who suffers through the events of this unfolding story. Writing is good but needs to be applied to a better endeavor. Too many good books to read. Take a pass.
A thrilling but somewhat depressing read.  It shows how easy it is to enter a downward spiral that tears a life apart.  And how easy it is to be conned by someone who professes to love you.  The pace of this book is a steady build to a satisfying ending.
Totally and Completely Disappointed. Main character is completely and utterly annoying and unlikable. Did not even finish it, which I never do with books. Had high hopes for this book and it failed to deliver. NOT a book I will recommend to anyone, ever.
Definitely worth reading -  liked the style seeing the same situation from each main characters point of view. I didn't think I would like it from the synopsis<br/>, but since so many people did like it I thought I would give it a chance and glad I did!
was too slow -I read on kindle - could not jump back and forth from person to person very well - also she seemed to be unemployed, drinking all the tme - did not interest me in spite of being on best seller list for WEEKS.  did not even finish the book -
I enjoyed this book. Yes, it does have shades of Gone Girl, but, different. I had no trouble with the alternating character chapters. I actually like that style. I thought the story was a fairly original concept. Good beach book or lazy day kind of read.
I'd have given 4 stars but for the unrealistic and not-well-thought-out ending (which I won't spoil here).  The book does a good job of keeping the reader guessing in a "who done it" kind of way, which is very enjoyable.  A quick-paced, fun read.
Lots of twists and turns in a mystery with subtle foreshadowing and connections of things revealed at the climatic ending. Dark and depressing characters. Easy read that is a page turner once past early pages. Entertaining.  Well written, worth the read.
This book grabbed me right away. I couldn't put it it down, I had to keep reading non stop until the end. Every chapter had another twist in the story to keep me wondering what was going to happen next, even until the very last page. Great entertainment!
I think it's a 3.5 but was generous and bumped it to a 4. If you like the suspense and you haven't read Gillian Flynn yet, I'd start there. Very much in the same vein as Flynn but I found Flynn's characters to be more complex. Still an entertaining read.
I loved every bit of it. I actually thought this was better than Gone Girl and wouldn't be surprised if they make this into a movie one day. A real page turner... only downside is I finished reading it too quickly and now I need to find something else :(
I am voracious reader and this book is right up there with Gone Girl. It is less devious, but has "gas light" moments. I had a hard time keeping up with who really was the bad guy. It was profoundly sad in so many ways. I thought it was an excellent book
Honestly this is not what I expected when I bought this book. I expected a mystery but not one with a story so muddled by the memory of the sole witness. It took me longer than usual to figure out who had done it. Well written characters, no true heroes.
The tedium of most of this book was never justified by a skillful climax.  Three largely interchangeable male-identified women obsessing about two loser men is beyond tiresome.  It's decades out of date;  even the three POVs sound the same.  Bad,bad,book
This book started out slow and I almost stopped reading it. I'm so glad I didn't. About one third of the way into the book it became very suspenseful and exciting until the end.  I ended up loving the book and couldn't put it down. I highly recommend it.
I really enjoyed this novel. The story was very suspenseful with different characters' points of view at times with a main character at the heart of the story. I would recommend it to anyone who likes mystery and suspense novels like "Gone Girl."
This book was described  as a story for those who enjoyed the twists and turns of Gone Girl and it definitely did not disappoint!! I couldn't put it down, even reading it on my phone on the way out to dinner.  If you like a gripping tale this is for you!
Did not read Gone Girl, but saw the movie.  Many resemblances.  Like many Jodi Piccoult books, the author switches between different characters' perspectives which seemed to work well for this book.  Very suspenseful and made me want to continue reading.
Very intriguing .At first--trying to keep story in order and characters straight was a challenge .Once I was oriented ,read as often as i could  find  the time, wondering where  the tale was  going and who was good and who was evil. Movie sure to follow.
Although the pattern of the book-the constant change of perspective-was a little perplexing in the beginning, it soon became a welcome technique.  The book is a page turner and a constant reminder of how alcohol can destroy lives.  I recommend it highly.
A quick, entertaining read with a twist. I expected it to be an amazing book according to the reviews I've read, but it didn't quite live up to that. Enjoyed the way the chapters were written, broken into "Morning" and "Evening" sections.
This is a book that is hard to put down once you're really into it.It also speaks a powerful message to abused women.  There are many things more important in life than having  a man.  A woman's independence and self-reliance should not be taken lightly.
You have to read this book!!!!  It may start a little bit slow but after you get about 25% in, you can't put it down.  And I think I spent the last 25% of the book going "OMG, OMG"!  Love the twists & turns, keeps you guessing until the very end!
Very good story. Loved the plot. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is I don't like the format it is written in. Initially very hard to follow until you get a hand on the characters. After I figured out the format and characters, I didn't want to put it down.
This was an intense ride. Pun intended. If you can manage to make it through the dull beginning, the mystery and pace picks up considerably. For fans of Gone Girl and The Silent Wife this is your next story of "marital bliss" and the horrors of suburbia.
Had seen this on the best seller list for a while before reading it. I understand why it is a best seller.  Great twists and turns. Hawkins must have been trough some 'stuff' in her life to be so spot on from a personal point of view.  Pleasure to read.
The beginning of the book was slow and dark. It quickly picks up the pace and I was fascinated by the character study of the five people involved before, during and after a murder. It was a book club pick and I look forward to the discussion next month.
I liked how the author drew me into each character and made me feel for each one. My emotions changed with each new detail. The first person perspective brings the reader into the women's lives with real hope, honest reactions and struggles. Great read.
Good book, a little confusing in the beginning with the switching of characters, but once you learned who was who that didn't matter anymore. The book keeps your attention and you don't want to put it down. This book will keep you guessing!! Great read.
This novel engaged the reader at many levels.  First and foremost, forcing the reader to acknowledge that no one's life is as it appears on the outside.  People can change and anyone can be a hero.  It had great foreshadowing and many unexpected scenes.
I love it when a book holds my interest and I can't figure out everything that is going to happen.  Well written.  Will not insult your intelligence but doesn't try to impress either.  The characters are believable and multifaceted.  Great storytelling.
The character development is really thorough - I had a hard time getting through the main character's development at the beginning because she really was a wreck. It was worth sticking through the ending as the story took some turns that were well done.
I really enjoyed this book and bought it for my mom to read after Gone Girl. It's definitely not the same, but it'll keep you reading, at least it did for me. I think it is probably misleading - and unfavorable - to lump it in with Gone Girl so readily.
Outstanding writing as the story builds from the perspective of several of the main characters and shifts in time sequences.  Each character has his/her own mysterious story that keeps the reader engaged.  I look forward to reading other Hawkins novels.
I listened to this story on Audible, it's really nice, actually it's very good<br/>I enjoyed it a lot, very will written and exciting<br/>characters are thoroughly described and humans; you will feel them act even with their faults<br/>I recommend it
Loved this book. Even though it was set in London it didn't feel "foreign". Lol<br/>If you like twists this is the book for you.<br/>Read from 3 different views keeps you up to date on perspectives. If you thought Gone Girl was good read this.
Slow  reading in the  beginning..I felt like I had had  the experience in in many other  books. "Gone Girl" comes to mind. I was not<br/>in love  with any of the characters...didn't dislike them....just didn't really care about them. ho hummmmm
Interesting enough to be a quick breezy "beach read," but I have no idea what all the fuss over this book is about. The writing isn't great and there really isn't anything you don't see coming. Comparisons to Gone Girl are just totally off base.
I wish I hadn't started reading this. Depressing and disturbing. Those are the only words that I can find to describe it.  Guess it just wasn't my kind of book but I finished it in hopes of finding something positive but only found a feeling of sadness.
It was a good read & interesting.  There was an Alfred Hitchcock-like feeling to it ( think Rear Window) that kept my interest.  It was compared to Girl on a Train, but I did not see the similarity.  Great Summer read or for a Winter in front of a fire.
First half was good, but once I made it halfway through, I suddenly realized I knew exactly what was going to happen... and I was correct. It also just feels like it is trying so hard to be like Gone Girl. Not nearly as clever and the writing is weaker.
Had to really struggle through this one.  Characters rather unlikable and story content, overall, very tedious. Disappointed since it received so many good reviews.  I would not recommend this book since there are so many other good ones to choose from.
So many twists & turns--keeps you guessing right up until the end! Love the way the story is told in 3 different voices, though it is a tad confusing at first. But I enjoyed hearing some aspects of the story from the perspective of different characters.
There is difficulty in keeping track of the protagonist and the other women as the book bounces back and forth between the three women, and keeping the dates in mind.  It made me sad to think about the lives affected and the love and trust that is lost.
This is not the type of book I would normally read but it was so good!  The story unfolds so gradually as you read and the reader is led little by little into the life of our main character as she figures out who she really is and what she really knows.
A great read!  It's a can't-put-it-down book.  Challenging twists and turns that keep you guessing.  Highly recommend this book!  Our book club read this and scored it a 9 (out of 10).  It is among the top 5 highest ranking books we have had in 5 years.
I thought that the plot line was very good, the characters interesting, and the ending somewhat of a surprise. I liked the three-person narrative. The book reminded me of "Gone Girl". All in all a very good read that kept my interest throughout.
Story written with each chapter recounting thoughts of the various characters.  Main character is a lush who struggles to remember events of a crime she possibly witnessed during one of her drunken stupors.  Author keeps reader guessing until the very end.
Didn't like it. Thought some of the happenings in the book were a little unrealistic. I also didn't like any of the characters, but maybe that was the point. Really quick and easy read, though. Other people in my book club liked it. We were split 50/50.
Coming from someone who has started many books and put them down- this book was an exception! It was set from 3 points of view so each chapter would switch perspectives. I really enjoyed this book & hope to find another like this soon! Highly recommend!
It all started looking from  a commuter from a train window into passersby's backyards along the track. Ascribing values to them, imagining who they were, what they do.  The story's told through three women.  It's  Rear Window from a train, only better.
I loved this book.  No one was angelic, but they seemed to all have good & bad to them.  The plot was very<br/>different from any I've read before.  There was a slow build-up to  the plot, but it kept me interested. I recommend<br/>this book highly.
Amazing book. I was hooked right from the beginning. The Story of the main characters life is so well written that I was drawn in immediately and had such empathy for that character.  Excellent voice,Could not stop reading this.  Better than Gone Girl !
I love when reading a book not knowing where it will take you.  Girl on the Train is so good!  It starts leading you on a path and then starts making twists and turns.  I love the different viewpoints made from the voices of the characters.  We'll done!
A good solid thriller with page-turner appeal. I felt one character's motivation wasn't really explored and hence the ending felt a bit rushed and weak to me but I can't say more without giving away some plot. Overall an interesting and engrossing read.
Wow. What a nail biting thriller. I guessed who killed her before the ending, but it was still an interesting story and ending! Who doesn't love people watching; this book was like the ultimate people watching story, and I was captivated the whole time.
I think this was a case of the hype overshadowing the book. Everyone kept raving about this, so I was expecting some huge masterpiece. It's fine. I don't think it was the be all and end all everyone seemed to suggest, though. It was mildly entertaining.
Very intriguing book, kept me wondering throughout the story. Quirky characters and great story line. Haven't read a mystery in awhile, but this book had a great character study and mystery all wrapped and twisted into one, I couldn't put it down story!
I have recommended this book to several of my friends. It kept me interested the whole way through. Although the story is a little dark and I had a hard time connecting with Rachel, the author did a good job of making her a likable character in the end.
Meh, not very exciting. this reminded me of other best sellers ... the husbands secret and so on.<br/>It had some very good reviews, so I thought I would give it a shot.<br/>I am reading Nora Webster at the moment, though sad, it is an excellent read.
Hawkins developes her plot well, maintaining interest, suspense and atmosphere. Some element of the darkness of the book will touch everyone who is not in denial without leaving the characters - or the reader-hopeless. It is a good book, worth reading.
I enjoyed this story. Couldn't put it down. All the characters are flawed, so I could relate. Such a real life story of ordinary people living with a whacko. Good twists and turns. I was not sure until the end. Will start another book of her's anytime!
There are no sympathetic characters in this book, including the victim.  While one doesn't expect primary characters to be flawless, it was difficult to find redeeming qualities with them.  As this was a book club pick, I did force myself to finish it.
I don't like stories told from first person.  Every chapter is told in first person but from a different character.  Wow.....gets to be a bit too much paying attention after a while, so while the story was decent enough, it wasn't a very relaxing read.
very well written.  the plot twists keep one turning pages and seeing things from different points of view, which keeps the reader on his/her toes.  i changed my mind several times as to who did it.  or didn't do it?  best book to come along in awhile.
Very good mystery and cleverly written book. First person accounts allow the reader to gauge the speaker, her motives, weaknesses and motivations. Then comes the (difficult) fun putting them together to try to figure who done it. A delightful exercise.
A wonderful mystery based on alcoholism and the "Girl On The Trains" attempt to reconstruct the events that occurred during an alcoholic blackout. Twists and turns occur throughout this book and leaves the reader into the surprising conclusion.
This book was confusing at first, but it all made sense in the end and all the events that happen make you want to go back and reread it over and over again to see if you can figure out the plot before it is revealed to you. Highly recommend this book!
I was disappointed in this book. The plot is straight forward no surprises or literary enhancements. The style of using characters as new chapters was noteworthy. I think "Go Set a Watchman" may be a stronger work of literature than this book. Sorry!!!
I enjoyed how Hawkins told the story through the characters; a little different than other murder mystery novels.  The beginning is a little slow, but when I thought I had it figured out, Hawkins throws a huge curve ball at you.  I recommend this book!
Excellent story. It has been a long time since I have been this engaged in a book. I set aside other things to keep reading it. I was a bit disappointed with the conclusion. It was so predictable that it was a huge let down after such a great build up.
I did not like the first person narrative chosen for each character. It seemed artificial and contrived. The characters seemed flat, sad, deranged. There were no redeeming qualities in any of them. I wouldn't recommend spending good time on a bad book.
I listen to audible on drives and almost stopped and returned this book in the middle - but I was driving. The narration was long, drawn out, and tedious at best. Unless you like really slow, uneventful books spend your time (and your money) elsewhere.
I wouldn't call this a great book but I definitely enjoyed reading it. It is a perfect vacation reading, not too  demanding or sophisticated and very readable. While not very suspenseful (I figured it out about half way through) it's still a good ride.
Very slow to develop and differentiate the characters. The last 25% of the book was much fast paced and developed with anticipation for the reader.  Gratuitous alcoholic pacification.  I would have edited a lot of Rachel out but good for a long trip...
The only character I found likable was the main character's friend/landlord, but I still couldn't stop reading this book. It just sucked me in and I had to keep reading to find out if I guessed correctly on who was the killer. Highly entertaining book.
I  was so excited to read this book but I could not get into it. Put it aside for a week and try again but it was still so boring and couldn't plow my way to the exciting  or suspenseful part if there was any. Doubt I will be seeing the upcoming movie.
It was a fun train ride with some surprises.  It was a great study in alcoholic behavior and it kept me interested to the end.  It would make a fun movie.  Having rode the trains through neighborhoods in London, I could easily see the story in my mind.
Fantastic character development--so real you wonder if they're based on people you've known. You can't put down the last quarter of the book-the curiosity behind the mystery becomes too gripping. Terrific book, terrific ending. Hope she writes more! :)
Really good! I was hesitant at first but I really liked it!  It's a slow burn, but it pulls you in cause you're ready for it to pick up. Soon after I couldn't stop reading.  I got this on a Saturday night and finished on Monday!  That's how good it is!
I thought it was very well presented, I didn't see the end coming and I usually do.  Great Book!  Normanally I would not have picked it up but the add I read sounded like it might be a good book and it was.  I have encouraged all my friends to read it.
I enjoyed this book a lot.  It took a little bit to get going for me and I think most of the issue was trying to keep the players and the dates straight.  Once I realized the time lag and the characters started to move together it was hard to put down.
This was a great story, I can usually predict the ending, but didn't see this one coming until very late. It's an interesting take on self esteem, alcoholism and how your relationships with other people impact how you see yourself.  Highly recommended.
Warning: don't start this book unless you have time to read it in one sitting.  It is totally riveting.  It is beautifully woven fiction that fulfills the ultimate, you can't put it down. For readers drawn to complex characters and a plot with mystery.
Not often I read the same book twice - this one I will! The simplicity of the backdrop - the railroad tracks - in which the characters live their lives, is the glue that holds the story together; the author makes me actually hear the characters speak!
This was the first book I have purchased in years and it is not a disappointment.  The characters lunge from the pages and envelope you in the mystery and intrigue.  I actually look forward to my 2 hour train commute so I can dive back into the story.
This book grabbed me from the first page and didn't let me go until the last. Very reminiscent of Gone Girl. Loved the author's style of telling the story by way of first person via three separate female characters. I need to read more by this author!
I stayed up until 3AM trying to finish this book, but I couldn't keep my eyes opened. So I woke up the next morning and read this book until I finished it. All I can say is, WOW! This book did not disappoint me. This definitely made my favorites list!
Good summer read, with enough pace to keep a mystery/murder fan engaged. I really did not like the chapter headings (dates of action only, very confusing, particularly reading on a device). The denouement became increasingly evident about 2/3 through.
This was a good read. I would never compare this to "Gone Girl", because this book flowed and kept you interested right up to the end. Rachel's character speaks to you and you want to reach out and help her so many times. This would make a good movie.
The book is well written and holds your attention.  It isn't quite what I expected.  You certainly anticipate the outcome.<br/><br/>The book is well written and certainly holds your attention.  There is no way to anticipate the outcome of the novel.
The Girl on the Train was one of those books that I looked forward to getting home too. I liked it but didn't LOVE it. When I LOVE a book, I hate finishing it because I will miss reading it. I enjoyed The Girl on the Train but I won't miss reading it.
Well done!  Good suspense story -- I could only read a few chapters per day, but was able to "keep up" with the intrigue.  A map with train stop names would be nice.  Sometimes hard to follow the timeline -- a summary diagram would be helpful.
A big part of the joy of reading is experiencing life through someone elses eyes and experience.  I did not feel good experiencing life in the skin of the main character, Megan.  While it was an intruiging story-line, the ending was a bit predictable.
A bit slow to start, but finally picks up and gets hard to put down. I'm not a big fan of any of the characters and it hard to really get into a story when you don't like any of the people in it. Nevertheless, it was an entertaining albeit dark story.
Great fast read, I liked the relatable writing style and enjoyed the different viewpoints rendered by the main antagonists in the story.<br/>Smartly done and very comparable to  "Gone Girl" I would purchase another book by this author anytime
An original and unusual approach to a mystery with a very broken and compelling protagonist who inserts herself into a case of a missing woman with whom she has the barest of connections.  The story is well-told and it kept my attention until the end.
Absolutely riveting - the description of the alcoholic personality was unbelievably thorough - it had one twisting with the character at the same time one would shrink away in revulsion, and then the perspective would abruptly change. A fabulous read!
I give The Girl on the Train a 4 rating for I did find it to be a page turner.  The format was that of Gone Girl. That's where the similarity ends.  Would not say it is as good as Gone Girl but it is good. This book is worth reading during any season.
Rent a Movie<br/><br/>Writing was compelling<br/>All the characters but Cathy were sociopaths<br/>Too many deaths. Too many very bad ideas.<br/>Clearly Rachel would have needed hospitalization long before the middle of the story<br/>Rent A Movie
I read this book in a 2 day, 6 hour blitz.  I actually couldn't put it down.  I identified with the character because "we've all been there" before type deals.  I didn't love the ending but still enjoyed the vantage points from each character.
This book starts off a bit slow, but around chapter 3 it picks up and you can't put it down! Excellent novel, one you can envision happening as you read which transfers you to the moment. Complete curve balls, left and right.... Truly non stop action!
I absolutely could not put this book down, and read it in two days.  It is a totally gripping storyline, keeping the reader's interest from start to finish.  The book is very reminiscent of "Gone Girl" and I know it would make an awesome film!
I don't have much tolerance for stories about alcoholics so I found this hard to read but got thru it for book club. The story line did keep me revising my guesses for the outcome but the protagonist was just too whiny for me to really enjoy the book.
OMG!!!! This book captured me in a way that only one other book ever has. (Other book...Pillars of The Earth) What an exceptional story. I was actually trying to read slowly towards the end of this book....as I did not want the characters to leave me.
After reading the synopsis of the book, I thought it would be a good read. I was quite disappointed- just couldn't get into the story, it kept jumping around. Finally I gave up and deleted the book. I am an avid reader and it's rare for me to do that.
A very interesting and unusual book.  It was an intelligent  read and moved at a fast pace.  I am an avid reader and this book really struck me as unique in subject matter and the depth of knowledge demonstrated by the author regarding human behavior.
Surprised it has received the "praises" that it has. In my view, the story "unwound" slowly and quite predictably. Would have made a modest short story or short novel, at best. Dismal characters that you never quite build a liking for!
Quick read, interestingly focused on characters who are not always who you think they are. Picked it up and was instantly absorbed into the story. Well written with plot twists that often take one down different paths than what I would have predicted.
Interesting plot and I enjoyed reading it.  However, I had heard of it compared to Gone Girl, and was disappointed by the "plot twist".  Overall, a pretty easy read and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a decent suspense novel.
I really enjoyed reading this book. I am excited to see the movie when it is produced and would recommend this for others to read. I liked that it was told from 3 different characters point of views, made me have to focus the entire time on the story.
This novel was a quick one for me, as I had a very hard time putting it down. While it does deal with an unsolved murder, it touches on issues like mental health, infidelity, and alcoholism.  It is gripping, fast paced, and well written.  Recommended.
It was a little slow at first, but then the twist and turns kept coming. It's a great mystery, a can't put down book. It's a book about 5 messed up and unlikable people. In the end two people are left to pick up the pieces and try to start over again.
I could not put this down! Great storytelling that draws you in and doesn't let go. The plot twists and changing narrators keep you guessing until the climax - and I'm not going to give anything away here! I can't wait to read this author's next book.
This was a quick read,kind of Hitchcockian I fiquired the plot out mid way,and felt the author sort of got lost in the middle of the story and dragged the plot along not knowing how to end it,but I enjoyed it,not nearly as much as "Gone Girl".
I loved this book! It is a little like Gone Girl but not really. That's an odd thing to say but, it's true and you'll understand after you read it. I wish I would have read more slowly because not I'm done and haven't found a good replacement to read.
This is a page turner with characters so real they aren't exactly likable, but you want them to be okay.  From start to finish, this book had my attention and even though I had it figured out fairly early on, it was fun to watch it unfold. Great book!
I couldn't put it down. It told an intricate tale, and made you suspect everyone but the one that did it. I might just read it a second time because I was in such a hurry to find out who committed the crime that I'm afraid I may have missed something.
2015 has only just begun, and already we may have one of the year's best suspense novels on our hands. This book follows Rachel, an alcoholic who has developed a fantasy life in her head for an attractive couple she sees in their home from her commuter train every day. When the wife of said couple goes missing, she can't help but involve herself in the mystery, which rather unsurprisingly winds up further complicating her life. The story moves back and forth in time, and is told from the perspectives of Rachel, her ex-husband's new wife Anna, and the missing woman Megan (who Rachel initially refers to as Jess in her fantasy). No one in the story seems to be trustworthy, as they all hide information and/or outright lie to each other in order to achieve their goals, which makes getting to the bottom of things that much more challenging for everyone, including the reader. Despite all the characters being heavily flawed, most of them come across sympathetically, which helps one actually care about their fates. Rachel in particular is well fleshed out, and comes the closest to being outright likable, which is quite a feat considering how unbalanced she is. The plot moves along at a very brisk pace and builds up to such a suspenseful conclusion that it is a hard book to put down. It may be a little dark for some people's tastes, but I found it to be one of the most entertaining books I've read in a long time.<br/>REVIEW ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED ON GOODREADS
I wasn't sure at first that I would get into this plot, but the fact that I was unsure kept me picking it back up for a few more pages.  Then I could not put it down until I got to the conclusion.  Great suspense, interesting plot, surprising ending.
There was so much hype about this book that I expected the next To Kill A Mockingbird! It was well written but I had no sympathy for the character. Saying this, I never expected who the bad guy was which was a nice surprise. Didn'the see that coming.
The Girl On the Train is a gripping story that held my interest all the way through. Told from three different perspectives, this fascinating story keeps your curiosity peaked to the end. A great psychological study with a very satisfying conclusion.
Although I had trouble putting this book down once I  started, I thought it was a very strange, bizarre story.  The first half of the book actually made me extremely anxious and it was then I almost stopped reading. I'm not sure I could recommend it.
I am disappointed in this book.Though Hawkins's approach is refreshingly unique in terms of pacing and perspective, her reliance on stereotypes of men as violent and abusive and women as insecure, overly emotional, and erratic ruined this one for me.
I'm pretty disappointed in this book I must say. There's just not much to it… I thought there would be more based on its popularity. Kind of a run-of-the-mill story and none of the characters are particularly likable ... Not even our damaged heroine.
This is a great book I will recommend to my friends. The characters are well conceived, the plot moves along nicely, and the main character is a treat. The dual time lines confused me at first, but it was easy once I noticed them.  Again, great read.
Really enjoyed this book. A good thriller! Full of suspense and a nice twist at the end. Good character development. The author does a great job at making the main character flawed but someone you do worry about. Will read other books by same author.
Still not sure if I liked this book.  I completed reading it to find out what the underlying mystery was  I got tired of the neurotic behavior of the main character.  Just wanted to tell her to get over it and move on.  Not sure I would recommend it.
My advise is keep reading, it starts slow and is confusing, then it starts to come together.  You won't be able to put it down till you finish.  Rachel"s drinking problem is stomach churning, but just keep reading, it is well worth this unique story.
I didn't like the back forth between the characters. It was confusing. I'm glad they finally figured out it was Tom. I'm wondering did he murder his parents? Did he murder Libby? What happened to Scott? A lot of unanswered questions. Is there sequel?
Couldn't put this book down-3 female characters are gradually revealed and well-developed.  I really wanted to see Rachel clean up and prove her husband wrong. I rarely find a fiction with more suspense.  Will look for other stories from this author.
There were 3 female characters who were telling their individual stories that do overlap. Very well written. The storyline kept your interest as you keep trying to figure out what will happen with the next character's comments. Very hard to put down.
Entertaining, quick read but a bit confusing the first couple of chapters.  Once I figured out how the writer was writing.....jumping from one character's story to another character's; then back and forth from past to present, it kept me interested.
After all the hype about this book, I found it to be just okay.  I never fell in love with any of the characters nor did I really care how it turned out.  I just wanted to get through it.  I'm not sure exactly why but it seemed kind of creepy to me.
Good story - each character in the book was dimensional and interesting particularly the main character. I felt a lot of compassion for her as the story unfolded. A fast paced story and very happy that I read it. It would probably make a good movie.
She has an interesting if somewhat disjointed writing style. The characters were believable and the dialogue was well written. It was fun to try to predict the guilty party and the possible outcomes. For me it was an entertaining and enjoyable read.
Loved the earlier part of the book. Wonderfully imaginative and so descriptive of alcoholism in women!  Disappointed with criminal side and the ending. That said, it kept my attention and would recommend it and would read books by this author again.
At first it was difficult to follow the relationship between the three women. and the men involved.  Although each character was interesting it took a  while to bring their encounters together.  The reader has to have patience.  Well worth the read.
If you loved reading Gone Girl then you'll love reading this one. I loved how the book progressed from the characters' point of view and eventually led to a complete shocker at the end. You will not want to put down this psychological thriller book.
I like books that are easy to read and don't require a ton of thinking. Took a little to get into this book with the several different viewpoints being told and the dates going forwards and backwards, but definitely worth the time. Really good read!
This was not psychological or thrilling. Like much contemporary fiction, this seems to be written to grab an audience. There was not a character that made me care about them or any suspense that allowed the reader to involve themselves in the story.
Loved this book - I identified with the protagonist - find myself wondering about folks I see on street corners and at bus stops. Although I did figure out who the killer was before the book revealed his/her identity, I still loved the way it ended.
A page turner, the protagonist Rachel was likeable although she had major issues like a drinking problem and low self esteem; however, three quarters of the way through I knew who the actual killer was.  No big surprise ending, mostly anti-climatic.
I normally read non fiction books but had noticed reviews for this book in various places. I think I was expecting too much as although I enjoyed it there were a few things the author had left unexplained. I enjoyed it but would give it three stars.
I rate books based on  the book's hold on me.  I read this book while I was eating dinner, and stayed awake longer than usual, just to see what would happen next.Its an  intriguing book  , with a  well rounded characters and some twists to the plot,
I almost stopped reading the book after I became disgusted with Rachel.  I managed to push on and get to the other characters who made the story more interesting.  I'm glad I did because it had me guessing until the end.  Overall a pretty good book.
Well written, kept me guessing until the end.  This book was a part of my college writing class.  I was pleasantly surprised to discover this book is entertaining and suspenseful.  Its I crime novel I recommended to friends after I finished reading.
Great suspense novel. Quick read; page-turner. Definitely worth the read. Probably will be a movie. Not like Gone Girl except that it's told from the perspective of multiple people. A little confusing in the beginning but then easy to follow. Enjoy!
Started out almost great. I could almost relate with Rachel on her introduction, however I dropped the book a couple times because the plot peaked and fell at intervals. If you are looking for an easy Sunday afternoon read...Girl on the Train works.
Read this book on my Kindle in two days while on vacation. A fascinating provocative story that kept my interest. Hawkins does a good job of introducing us to the psychology motivating the characters. With complex interactions, the story rings true.
It's difficult to say I liked this book.  The characters are not very likable, especially the main character.  I found it difficult to relate to her and her persistent thoughts that seemed so unreasonable.  But I did finish it and am glad it's over.
I couldn't put this book down! When I did, I thought about it constantly, trying to work out the plot. The characters really come alive. This book is comparable to Gone Girl in its intensity. She is a wonderful writer. I can't wait for her next one.
Your mind bounces from character to character, understanding one and then feeling displeasure with the same one, wanting resolution, but not knowing where the truth really lies. The Girl on the Train keeps you on the edge of your seat until the end.
Amazon recommended this book, so I had no idea what it was about, so it was a fabulous surprise. Hard to put down. I love Rachel, flawed, drunk, fumbling, awesome. Suspenseful and unexpected. Cannot remember the last time I enjoyed a book this much.
This novel is narrated by a woman who is a very very unreliable narrator, which adds to the drama of the novel.  It is a mystery of sorts, involving spouses and ex-spouses and unexpected events.  It was a page turner, creepy at times but never dull.
Feel kind of silly chiming in at #1333 in reviews but...great book. Very tricky to write, in my opinion, since the character came off as unloveable. That said, it punched all the right buttons, had all the right twists and turns and kept me riveted!
I love how Paula Hawkins develops her characters and changes your ideas of them as the story progresses. This suspense novel had me jumping from theory to theory the whole time. It was a very entertaining read that will keep you invested to the end.
This book is indeed a page turner....I was never certain of anything until the near end.  Definitely worth reading. Paula Hawkins has a big hit with this book.<br/><br/>You will enjoy this if you like mystery & suspense...enjoyable most certainly.
This was entertaining and easy to read but not too great. The characters aren't very likeable and there's not much suspense. Basically, I felt nothing when I read this book and that just means the characters and the storyline didn't grab me enough.
This book started a little slow for me, but it moved pretty fast after that and I couldn't put it down. This book keeps you guessing until the last few pages. It was a great read and I highly recommend it! Note that it does contain vulgar language.
I'm not sure why the comparision to Gone Girl, other than each has a character with a sick mind.  The book is written from the perspective of different people at diffferent times and can be hard to follow.  The pace picked up in the final chapters.
Psychological thriller. You don't see the end coming with the way she writes. When she finally allows you to see the big picture you realize how well she has made it look one way and you think back to all of the clues hidden throughout. Great read!
LITERALLY the best book I've ever read kept me interested from start to finish. I read a lot and I have to say this is definitely my new favorite book I've recommended it to countless friends and they have all loved it. Read it you will not regret!
Once you get used to the moves back and forth between Rachel, Anna and Megan, the book is a fantastic thriller and keeps you guessing until the last few pages. It has a police procedural air about it, but much, much richer in character development.
It was a little hard to get into it. Dragged at first. I had to keep referring back to previous chapters to remember what was going on. Had a good story but I never finished the book because it dragged on too long. Ran out of time for my book club.
Okay . . . so, it isn't an original concept.  But for my enjoyment, it didn't much matter that we'd been around this block a few times.  I still liked spending a few hours on this crazy ride. Still, couldn't we have at least one likeable character?
WOW! Very good read! Slow at first, but yet keeps you wanting to know more! As soon as a chapter gets good, she changes characters. So you want to keep reading. I have already recommended this book to a few and would definitely recommended to more!
Excellent! Totally keeps you reading with some great twists. The author does a wonderful job of bringing the characters to "life" with her descriptions of them and the events that mold them into the personalities they are. I loved the book.
This is one of the best books I've read in a very long time. The story is engaging and the writing is excellent taking the reader on a train ride to an exciting and thrilling conclusion leaving the reader will a hopeful outlook for Rachel and Anna.
I couldn't put it down! I loved the way it was written, which kept me guessing as to the end. Between kids, work, hubs and general life, it normally takes me a couple of weeks to finish a good book -this one read in 3 days flat. It is a must read!!
Ever been around an alcoholic? If not, this will allow you a semblance of the bitter struggle. Ever felt deceived? This will catch you in your own web.<br/>Scary...exhausting...and mesmerizing.<br/>Reading it once is enough. The fear will remain.
Not going to bore you with what the book is about but give you my thoughts on it. Excellent read! The twist at the end threw me for a loop and the truths that were revealed really unexpected. If your looking for a good thriller then look no further
Very well written. A real page turner, read it in two days.I was able to develop a true interest in all the characters and there was the strong desire to know more. A unique format in allowing three characters to tell the story in the first person.
I normally stick to non-fiction type reading, with a reprieve every so often I like to read something a little more entertaining than educational. I was greatly surprised at how wrong I was throughout this story and how the characters sucked me in.
This book will probably get compared to Gone Girl a lot.  It has a similar feeling and  intensity.  I thought the characters were well built and, although they angered me with their flaws, I didn't want them to go away.  I really enjoyed this book.
I couldn't put it down. A great read for a rainy end of winter afternoon. I found the view from the train window an interesting device but the alcohol problem was a bit depressing. I thought it was good entertainment but not very thought provoking.
From all the hype, I expected a good book. It isn't. Oh, the premise is intriguing and author does a fine job with character descriptions, but the plot lags and the suspense never comes. The only association with Gone Girl is that a girl...is gone.
This story lures you in after about the 3rd chapter.It was somewhat boring in the middle as it kept rehashing several incidents over and over.There were a couple of twists to the story that made the story interesting and the ending was very clever.
I thought it was mediocre at best. Jumping from one character to the other and from one date to the next, going back and fourth, was quite hard to follow and the characters were so plain. Don't see what all the fuss is about. What a disappointment!
This book kept me wanting to hear more; wanting to know what would happen next. This was a puzzle from the beginning. The characters were constantly changing, keeping you guessing about their true intentions. Amazing to the last page! A must read!!
I wanted to read this book in one sitting.  I would've, if I had nothing else to do.  It was that good.  I am usually able to guess the ending.  But it took me 3/4 way through, this time.  As an avid reader, this will be near the top of my library.
I didn't like any of the characters so it became difficult to read page after page.  Then,  in the last chapter it came altogether but too late for me.  This reminded me of Gone Girl in that I couldn't find one reason to like any of the characters.
A very predictable thriller that was a fun read but definitely won't contribute to your brain cells.  A few typos and misspelled words which makes me wonder who her editor is. Good character development although Rachel becomes tedious after awhile.
Very depressing and hard to read
Too many editors spoil the book.
Unpleasant people and situations
It was way to depressing for me.
Don't like the story, it is slow
A TOTAL waste of time and money!
Hooray for unreliable narrators!
Loved the book. Twists and turns
Slow at first but gets good soon
Loved it! Very entertaining read
Great book. Hard to put it down.
Tale about a drunk being a drunk
Outstanding book! A page turner.
Page turner, could not put down.
Too Lifetime movie-esque for me.
A mystery unfolds.  The characters are very well written but you do not like them as people and the relationships are not happy.  It totally held my interest.  I figured out who did it half way through but that did not deter my finishing the book.
There is nothing I did not like about this book! It is fantastic! The story holds you, the characters are believable, and the twists & turns keep you in the edge of your seat. Someone needs to make this into a movie. Way,way better than GONE GIRL.
The story keeps jumping from past to present and present to past but it only enhances the story telling.  It's one of those where I suspected everyone except the author of committing the crime.  The only disappointment was the book ended too soon.
The writing is not bad it just takes a long time to get to where she wants to be. The book had ebbs & flows so I did not lose total interest in the characters. The main female's weakness was annoying at times. But I would still recommend the book.
I hover between 4 stars and 5, because I really did not like the characters. Each one more unlikable than the next. But I realize that's part of the story line, part of why I had to find out what would happen next. Very good, couldn't put it down!
I haven't finished the book yet and I am considering not reading the rest.  I find the book too confusing, switching back and forth between people and time and it is moving extremely slow.  So far, I can't see what the attraction is for this book.
Interesting writing style---- and organization --- keeps one turning the pages--- characters are full and vivid---the author brings the story to its conclusion in a fully satisfying way---- a lot of authors fail to do this- so hats off to Hawkins!
This is the such an amazing story. I literally could not put this book down. I did not know when I started this book that it had a suspense element to it. I was blown away at the twists and turns the story took me on. I highly recommend this book.
ughh, tedious and obvious and painfully wrapped in semi-soft language that is so pedestrian you can't believe you've spent time reading.  Unrealistic characters dealing with mortality, murder, adultery, addiction and deceit.  Leave it in the trash
This is a psychological thriller. The first few chapters are confusing.  I found it difficult to keep all the characters straight, or what was reality.  Once it falls in to place though, it is a well written mystery full of suspense.  A good read!
This is a well-written thriller.  The author's chosen style of story telling made for a very interesting read.  Each of the major characters narrated the details, as they knew them, in alternating chapters.<br/>I never lost interest in this book.
It was a disappointment after its many weeks at the top of the bestseller list.  It is reminiscent of Gone Girl, another book that didn't live up to its hype.  Both books drag their story out instead of capturing the reader and pulling them along.
I was surprised to see this  book as number one for so long on the Best Seller List.  I found the people rather depressing and didn't read through the book as quickly as I normally do.  It was still a good book, but was a bit disappointed overall.
Kept me interested.  Lots going on with all the characters. Especially loved the female characters Anna and Rachael and how they learned the truth and supported each other at the end even with all their dislike for each other throughout the story.
Guys, guys, guys do not buy this book. You will never connect with any of the characters, even the male characters. This book didn't get interesting until I was 80% through it and it was a difficult eighty percent. I would not recommend this book.
Excellent book-words cannot describe how awesome this book/writer is.  Twists and turns you never see coming!  Only problem is, she needs to start writing more as quickly as possible!  I will be pre-ordering everything she writes as soon as I can!
Started a book club to encourage each of us who are nonreaders. This book was one none of us could put down. The only negative was we had a month to read it and I read it in 4 days!  Let's hope our next book, The Boys in the Boat, is just as good!
not as good as I had hoped....I disliked the central character---too crazy...in fact there was no character I really cared about. I like the idea because who doesn't enjoy to "people watch" upon occasion.... but she was too off base for me
I just couldn't put it down! I started it yesterday and finished it this morning. Was on the edge of my seat the entire time! What a masterful storyteller this author is! I can see why this book tops the best-seller list and has for so many weeks.
This book was my beach read while on vacation.  It is one of those books you can't put down and I read it pretty fast.  I would compare this book to Gone Girl, but not quite the intense story line.  Maybe there will be a movie made from this book.
I was not certain of the ending.  Found the main character's self destructive behavior exasperating and also found some actions of others out of character and a bit of trickery by the writer.  I wanted to finish the book but it was not satisfying.
Fascinated by the way the story was told from separate view points. The plot unfolds and reveals multiple layers of intrigue and complexity.  By the time I have read the first quarter of the book, I did not want to put it down.  What will be next?
I loved how the book was told in 3 separate first persons. It allowed the story to unfold slowly as you received more information from different viewpoints. It is always fascinating to me how two people can perceive the same events so differently.
I loved this book so much I read it in one day,just couldn't put it down.  Lots of plot twists keep you guessing until the very end. I loved the accurate descriptions of the London trains. Great characters and relationships. Better than Gone Girl.
Terrific book!  If you like Alfred Hitchcock, you'll love this.  Best to read in book form as you will yourself wanting to look back at dates and other things which is difficult on a Kindle or Nook.  I'm recommending it to my book club this month.
It will make a great movie (think "Gone Girl").  The ending could have been better crafted.  Overall, it's a fast addictive read.  Just wish we had picked something a bit deeper and more elegantly written for this month's Ladies Book Club.
This book was absolutely stunning! Narrated by 3 women's points of view, the plot twisted and turned and kept me on my toes right up to the finish line. Somewhat reminiscent of Gone Girl, I highly recommend this book to anyone who loves mysteries.
I'i read t hi s book for my book club. It wasn't something I would typically read so I was not sure what a t Rob e expect. I love err thrusters, the plot and TH e twist and turns. I feel it left many thing s unsolved fir me but I am not surprised.
I read a statistic that 1 in 25 people is a sociopath. I don't know how true that is, but if you've ever wondered what sociopath looks like, this book will explain it to you. Great tension through out and enough subtle twists to keep you guessing.
I started out reading this book and wondering if I had made a mistake but then I slipped and fell into this "rabbit hole" and never came up for air!! Pay close attention in the beginning because you are in for a suspenseful ride.  Loved this book!
This book was a page tuner, I could not put it down. All the characters involved to make the story come together, love it. Sometimes Rachel was a pain , but in the end she sure made up for it. If you enjoy reading Gone Girl, you'll like this book.
If you are not a fan of books that skip around and weave complex characters and times and happenings, pass this one up. If that doesn't bother you, enjoy this engaging writing. I would have characterized this more of a Mystery than Fiction though.
Not sure why this received such good reviews.  I didn't care for it at all.  I listened until the end, maybe because I hoped it would get better.  This book was slow, dark and depressing.
Well, read this book with great anticipation, but it did not really come trough for me. Bit slow-pacec, one-dimensional drunkard characters, all with the emotional development of a 4 year old. Had some good ideas and parts, but in general: nah...
Truly enjoyed this page-turner.  I was invested in the characters and wanted all to go well in the end for the main character.  The plot was somewhat predictable, but overall, it was a good experience reading this book.  I would highly recommend.
I did not like the characters in the book. The story has some slow moments, lacks a bit of coherence and be ones predictable at some point. I felt it was hard to get into, but finished the book anyway. Well written with lots of unexpected twists.
This was the most depressing book  ever and I do not recommend this book for anyone.  My niece read this and said she did not like it at all.  Why people like this book is beyond me  I never respond to these reviews but this was not my cup of tea
I enjoyed this book even though it was told in a format info. My car for when reading. It was much better than Gone Girl which is also on the same format. The characters were more believable and you can live with the ending. I would recommend it.
I fell victim to the hype given to this book. I was disappointed. While I appreciated the deviousness of the storytelling, I never cared for the characters. It's difficult to get behind depressed and drunken liars. I will not be seeing the movie.
This is a really weird book. It took me until about the middle of the book to get into the story. I did like the strange twist at the end of the book. Just a different style of writing for me. I might give another one of her books a try later on.
the main character takes you on an emotional ride - I felt anger, hope, disappointment, sadness and pride at varying times in the book. I suspected the outcome but nonetheless the story kept my interest till the very end.  A really enjoyable read
I purchased the book becvause of its popularity. At first it seemed like a Gone Girl knock-off, but it had me guessing right to the end.  It would have gotten five stars from me if any of the characters had been sympathetic, rather than pathetic.
Good story. Some of the characters could have been developed a little better especially the killer. No way a reader could have figured that one out ahead of time. No foreshadowing or character development that elicited traits found in the killer.
If you can keep reading through I found it very slow to start.  Once the plot develops I kept wondering how each character is guilty of something.  After reading Gone Girl you get a sense of that same situation. Great book to read on a rainy day.
This was a good read.  I hated the ending, but definitely found it to be a page turner.  Read this for book club, and I inadvertently initially loaded 'A Girl on A Train' .... please do not make the same mistake, as that book is unreadably awful!
This book was awesome! A few friends recommended it and said it was similar to Gone Girl. It was a quick read and the different perspectives the story is told from makes you appreciate how each character is thinking and feeling. Highly recommend!
Starts slow and boring.  I almost stopped reading, but knew something strange was going on. Not disappointed, as the story built methodically and gained speed and tension to the end. Whew.<br/>Stick with it, even though it is somewhat formulaic.
I`m not going to be saying anything new here when I say that I read this in one great gulp and then went back to the beginning and read it again to drink in the details of what I missed the first time because I read it so fast. A fantastic debut.
I had a hard time getting into this book. It takes a little while to catch the flow of time and characters.  Just when you think it isn't going to get any better, the pace picks up and you're hooked.  I would recommend this to any of my friends !
In the same vein as Gillian Flynn, with an English twist. Set in the suburbs of London, a twisted tale that isn't fully unravelled until the very end. And, like Flynn's novels, you just have to savor this story, like a fine glass of wine. Cheers.
Easy read, similar psychological thriller setup to Gone Girl, so it's true if you liked reading Gone Girl then you'll like this book. I loved watching Rachel be the train wreck that she was, and ultimately find solace in revealing people's truth.
Absolutely LOVED this book.  After many friends had read it and highly recommend it, I decided it was a must read.  If you like suspense  and very interesting characters , this is a book for you.<br/>Can not wait for another from Paula Hawkins!!
If you are a Gone Girl fan you will definitely like this book. There are a ton of twists and turns to keep you turning the pages.  I really liked the characters as they were so flawed and interesting and the story moves along at a nice fast pace.
What a disaster!!! It was picked by somebody for our book club and therefore I was forced to read it. Even after 3 months of plodding thru it, I can't finish it! CANNOT be compared to Gone Girl and a slap to Hitchcock to compare it to his works!!
More than half way through and I think I know "who did it" but not sure.  The plot keeps you reading and will definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes a great book with suspense.  Would watch it if they made it into a movie too.
It took me a while to get into it,because I was a bit turned off by the drinking and blacking out. Once I got beyond that, I thought it was very good.<br/>Creating a story for the people in the house was something many of us could identify with.
The main character in the book is rather strange, to put it mildly.  After getting into the book, it became more and more interesting.  It is a combination of a psychological and a mystery novel.  I enjoyed it and eventually couldn't put it down.
This book was so flipping good.  Think Gone Girl with an actual ending! I have recommended it to so many of my friends we are all chattering on about it.  If you want a good and super fast non-stop read, pick it up.  You will not be disappointed.
The book is a good read that you won't want to put down. Perfect for a vacation or summer read. The main character is interesting but the drinking thing does get old. It is a good mystery and the twist is interesting. Great read for a new author.
Rachel tries to tell the truth.  She actually believes what she says - sort of.  Her strange perspective on truth and reality is what grabs the reader in "The Girl On The Train."  Can Rachel solve the mystery?  It is a great ride on a wild train.
Loved it!  Will make a great movie!  One problem... hard to follow the dates, I wish the author had added the dates to the Table Of Contents to make the tracking easier...  It would have been an added benefit for the reader, or maybe just for me!
Definitely the most addictive book I've read since Gone Girl, maybe even more so.  I am embarrassed to admit, there was a point at which I adjusted the font size on my kindle so that I could read at traffic lights because I simply could not stop.
During the book you get used to the characters and expect stereotypical reactions. I was completely shocked at how no one was who you thought they were or how much they could surprise you. It's a fast read that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
It was suspenseful and held my interest, but I found the format--the jumping around from dates and people a bit confusing.<br/>I would have also preferred a more surprising ending.<br/>But, surely a page turner, a beach read, and somewhat sexy.
I bought it without reading a sample because the reviews were so good.  I'm glad I bought it because had I first read a sample, I would not have bought it.  It took me a while and then I was hooked.  Great read.  Not quite a Gone Girl, but close.
A real in depth page turner. You may not see the ending coming, but it will keep you wondering and trying to see how the characters interaction will develop. Very well written and a joy to contemplate. Wish i could read it again as if it was new.
I was captured at the very beginning of this story. It so well describes the life of a person addicted and along with the loss of self worth comes the loss of reliance in all situations!  Great twist and turns keeping you on the edge of reality .
Rachel Watson lives a sad life. Her marriage fell apart, she drinks, and fantasized about a "perfect couple" she sees on her train ride. But this couple is not perfect as she thought. If you love, Gone Girl, you will enjoy the twist in this book.
Great writing, great characters, awash with their own miseries and egotism. Moves like the wind. An enjoyable read, however, it tipped its hand too soon for me and once that happened, it was merely seeing how it would play out that kept me going.
Interesting plot, good writer, I could feel myself in the story, I am one of those that notices things going on around me.<br/>Although I no all have the imagination of the girl on the train. Makes one think about how alcohol can ruin your life!
I thought the book was good but in my opinion only, there were some things that just didn't seem realistic as far as what a person might actually do or think. The story may have been dragged out a bit. The book was written well and easy to read.
I didn't finish it and that is truly not like me!  But every time a situation came up that I would say this story line would absolutely not go that way, it did!!  I still ca,nt believe I didn't finish it but I have no desire to frustrate myself.
I didn't understand what I was reading half of the time but I couldn't put it down!  Complex story but it all comes together in the end, or in my case, half way through the book when I realized what was happening and what the big plot twist was.
This book took me for a ride. It was about a girl who made up stories about the people she saw while riding the train from a small town to London to work every day. I thought I had the mystery solved, but of course I was wrong. A very good read!
I wasn't sure when I started this book if I was going to like it. I was having a tough time loving the main character. But like fine wine it just kept getting better, so many rich story lines. Enjoyed it all the way through couldn't put it down.
It was difficult to feel for any of the characters (and therefore care much about the outcome). The female characters were all so weak and stupid so as to be rather unbelievable. Why is it so hard to write a book with stronger female characters?
The first person narrative is unique but hard to follow. I had to diagram the people and who they slept with. It does make your skin crawl when you think of the hundreds of people who drive by your house every day, maybe one will be like Rachel.
An interesting conclusion but not a great story. There may be an intended hero in this story but the disfunctional nature and unlikely interactions of the characters is more of a distraction then a enhancement  to the believability of the story.
Imagination meets fact in this mystery surrounding a murder in a close-knit community located beside the train tracks. Lots of twists and turns as the quirky but determined heroine bumbles her perilous way to unmasking the murderer. A good read.
Difficulty at the beginning keeping the three female characters separate. Hawkins development of the "girl on the train" was done well; the reader feels a lot of empathy and compassion for this woman. This novel would make a great movie!
Clever plot, building of suspense nicely controlled, climax convincing and satisfying, although without the "shockingly unexpected"<br/>climax some reviewers claim.  I did have trouble really "liking" any of the main characters.
Interesting device of using observation and imagination of daily rider of London public transit to draw reader into possible solutions to murder mystery. Sad and all-too-believable depiction of addiction. More of a beach read than serious novel. Disappointing portrayal of women.
It was a really good novel. It sometimes bothered the blackouts Rachel suffered, but it was well explained by the end. The characters were likeable and the different point of view thorugh the book added depth to them. The killer did surprise me.
The story starts slow, but once it takes off there's no putting it down. The mystery and who dunnit keeps you guessing throughout, until the last pages. A master story teller, Paula Hawkins keeps you guessing and changing your mind. A must read.
Listened to this one as I traveled one day and did housework another. Probably finished it in 2 days, was bummed when I had to temporarily put it down sometimes. I particularly enjoyed the 3 different  readers voices for main characters as well.
This is a great book. From the very beginning it was easy to read and a good story. Obsessed with her ex husband and fascinated by a couple she doesn't know. You'll keep wondering what she will do next and I was surprised whose fault it all was.
Enjoyed the story line and the characters were very thought provoking<br/>Thought of what would I do in certain instances  waiting to see what<br/>comments our book club has to offer. Paula has me wanting to read another on<br/>E of her books
I found this book to be some what similar to "Gone Girl"...I find "crazy" intriguing, but both books had a special kind of crazy...neurotic behavior that I just can't imagine.  A pathological liar, in and of itself, crazy making.
A quick, easy, well-written, page turner which held my interest.  Even better,  I never guessed who done it until the very end.  I would certainly take this book to the beach.  I also appreciated the narrative style and voices of the characters.
I am still not sure if I enjoyed this book.  I found it hard to get into and I'm not even sure I liked the main character.  The author did a good job of bringing all sorts of characters together and perhaps that's where I was confused for a bit.
When this book was compared to "Gone Girl", I knew I would be stuck in it to the end. Twists and turns. Confusion and denial. I actually had the end figured out pretty early on, but I nonetheless was twisted in knots at the conclusion. Loved it!
This book was difficult to get into, due to the way the characters were introduced.  Once past the first few chapters it all began to fall into place and developed into a wonderful mystery story that kept me glued to the book until the very end.
This book drew me in from the beginning. It was well written. I love the English charm. It was a quick read with a good twist. I would recommend this book to all who think "the grass is greener",which is all of us at some point.  Worth the read.
I was captivated from the beginning of a woman obsessed with her ex-husband and his current life, a woman obsessed with the life she has fantasized about from a couple she sees from the train. I wasn't sure whodunit until it was almost revealed.
having had my share of alcohol induced second thoughts on marriage, jobs, friendships, lovers...I could totally relate to the main character and her dilemmas throughout the book. Well written with several narrators, I especially liked the ending
I am actually reading the book again, because I get confused by all the characters who are all self-absorbed, selfish, and annoying! I don't really like any of them, yet I continue to re-read it. So I'm just saying "good", but not great.
this book was very good but i really had to push myself to keep reading as the fact she drank so much i could hardly<br/>approve of her self destroying personality.  but it was a great topic of conversation among those who read it. eveline york
The mood is rather dark when you consider the downward spiral of problem drinking.  The setting is unusual but well described and vivid.  The characters are well drawn and diverse.  I enjoyed it and think it would make a fine movie or TV series.
As usual, once a book like "Gone "Girl" comes out and is a success, the copycats begin.  To me, this book just wasn't that fleshed out....the characters were somewhat sketchy, and it became confusing.  It just seemed redundant to me.
This book was very interesting. I loved it! Great and twisted murder mystery. The characters were very relatable and believable. I thought she did a great job with Rachel's alcohol addiction. Very descriptive. I would recommend this to everyone!
Fast reading novel,suspenseful, surprise ending, Tom acted that he was the loving husband, the person who was trying to have an understanding of his ex wife's problems .<br/><br/>This is a good book for someone who enjoys a who did the murder!
This book keeps you guessing until the very end! I love that it is written from several character's view points, you are able to see how different situations are interpreted by them. So good, highly recommend to anyone that loves a good mystery.
This was a painfully long story that led to a disappointing end. While it was some interesting character development, the story left a lot to be desired and the way the author twisted the end was lazy and shallow. I wouldn't recommend this book.
It's a good yarn. It certainly keeps you rushing through it to see what happened and of course you guess a long while before the end, but it's still good. And the women characters were believable, well mostly!! It was a good wee read all in all.
Loved the way this book bounced between characters telling the story. The story keeps you wondering who is a good guy and who is a bad guy/girl. i had trouble putting the book down. This is my first with this author. I would recommend this book.
This was a really good read.  Immediately engaging and fun page turner.  It's hard to keep me interested but there was an ongoing flair of expectation and the need to know what was going to happen next.  Looking for another one just as good now!
Kept me guessing the entire time. Some words are from the way England uses them and I was confused a bit, but that's it. The writing was great. It reminded me of the book Gone Girl but it was still different. I guessed until like almost the end.
Loved the suspense of this book.  Rachel as confused alcoholic and Anna the new wife have who has replaced her in Tom's life find themselves being so much alike is surprising and interesting to read. I'll never look at a train ride the same way!  I had a difficult time keeping the dates straight, found myself going back to beginning of each chapter to think about the timeline.
Excellent read. I couldn't put the book down. Very well written, with insights to the main characters that will leave you breathless. Plenty of twists and turns to the plot, and an unexpected ending. Bet there'll be a movie made out of this one.
I read this book because it was recommended on my Kindle and I couldn't think of anything else to read. It was actually a very well written novel. It did have plenty of twists and kept you guessing, though not to the point of being frustrating.
This book is one I will long remember. It is a different type book, since most of it is told from the bizarre thoughts of the girl on the train. It kept me reading into the night and had a surprise ending. It reminded me of the movie Gone Girl.
At first, I found the story hard to get into.  I was having trouble following the plot line as the story went back and forth between characters and sequence of time.  It took me until almost halfway though and then I couldn't put the book down.
This book was so well-written, and the characters so well-drawn that I could not put it down. In fact, once I finished it, I went back to page 1 and re-read the entire book. My first reading lasted 12 hours.<br/>More books like this please!!!!
The book was interesting and engaging, until the end. Kind of felt like the author know how she wanted it finished, but couldn't quite figure out how to get there. The characters kind of shifted toward the end, so it wasn't entirely believable.
Once I started reading this book I couldn't put it down. Her writing was so good that every time I read about another person in the story I felt like it was being written by different people. I don't know how she keep them straight. GREAT BOOK!
Rachel, the main character was very real with all her issues relating to drinking and how it effected and dominated her life.  The ending was a bit over-the-top with all the physical violence.  Overall, it was a good read; it held my attention.
I almost put this book down because it started out as a depressing story with an alcoholic person narrating. So if they make it into a movie, I suggest they shorten the drunkeness. The story would be a good movie. I was surprised at who-dun-it.
The story grabs you about 40 pages in.  None of the women in the story were very likeable. The author did a good job describing the nightmare alcoholics make of their lives.  As in real life, there was no happy ending for any of the characters.
Intriguing.....didn't want to put it down.  For the first couple chapters I was not paying attention to the topic for each chapter and thought I was reading about the same person.  Pay attention....each chapter represents a different character.
The writing style is unique in that it is told from three separate narratives simultaneously. The storyline is complex with much intrigue.<br/>It's a story by a woman about women. I felt like I was listening with my ear to a women's room door.
I almost didn't buy the book because of some bad reviews.  Yes Rachel is an alcoholic but in the end it all makes sense. I think the book was well written and very intriguing. I couldn't put it down until it was finished. Definitely  recommend.
I hated this book. I bought it as a book club read and read 20% of it before I put it down. It was uber-depressing. I hope it gets better and that those people who stick it out don't develop suicidal tendancies. I would not recommend this book.
Great story kept me guessing until almost  the end. I did have to keep going back a few times when the characters kept changing thinking I had missed something. All in all a good book. I will probably read again and would recommend to a friend.
I really enjoyed this pulp read. Even though I guessed 'who done it' about two thirds of the way through, i was still engrossed in the remainder of the story. i thought the character development of the protagonist was excellent-verv believable.
One of the best books I've read in some time; excellent writing, content, story line interweaved with the different characters; Do not know this author Paula Hawkins, but would read more of her books.  Could not put this down.  Surprise ending.
I don't usually read fiction but somehow this caught my eye.  I couldn't quit listening and then I had to buy the book on kindle to finish it without waiting for the slowness of the narration.  I like the English accent though of the narrators.
Interesting novel with enough characters weaved throughout that it keeps the reader uncertain of the outcome until the end. It began a bit slow but the author set the stage for lots of unexpected revelations throughout.  Great Book Club choice.
Contemporary mystery. NO SPOILERS!!<br/><br/> This story really didn't get going for me until about the halfway point. I didn't really like the characters. They were all SO messed up. Too many lies, lies, lies. Not bad for a first book though
I kept getting antsy because it moved along so slow.  I also guessed the protagonist very early on.  I kept thinking to myself, get on with it!  It took work and perseverance to finish this book.  I don't understand what all the hype was about.
You have to read a few chapters before you become totally engrossed in the story. So be patient. The author was very good at developing the story and steering the reader into drawing incorrect conclusions.  Good characterizations, well written.
Thought this book was great - very good  character development and when I got to the final chapters, I could not put it down. A few things I did not like - the book seem too drawn out and repetitive at times. Nonetheless, very much recommended.
I would classify this as a beach read. It was okay but I cannot figure what all the shouting of praise for this book is all about. I have a a sneaking suspicion that the sales of this book were helped immensely by all the publicity of Gone Girl
This book had a very interesting and engaging storyline. I felt sympathetic to the main character and her situation. At times, her life seemed almost too depressing.  The mystery of the missing housewife had me wondering almost to the very end.
It was fast moving and well written. For me the only downside was the rapid change from a woman who was subject to blackouts, temporary amnesia, and mental problems to one who was suddenly lucid and completely in charge of her mental condition.
A riveting story although starts off quite slowly. You will appreciate it even more if you have taken train rides into London. Very easy read  with twists and turns along the way and a wonderful whodunnit ending!! Would thoroughly recommend it.
It's a great "whodunnit." I also had a thought while reading it, that "the train" and "alcohol" were like two additional characters in the book--both ever present. A good read; I would recommend it to mystery buffs and those who like thrillers.
This is by far the best book that I have read in a long time! So many twists and you think your on the right track, but no...<br/>It is slow paced, but in a great way! The twists keep this book going, and my gosh, the ending is so worth it!!!!
Excellent read! Lots of twists and turns. Some problems tracking the different dates and character perspectives as things switched back and forth. This was difficult because I read the kindle edition and couldn't easily refer to previous pages.
I did enjoy this book.  It was a fun & quick read.  I didn't give it more stars because I felt it became to predictable.  I would still definitely tell people to check it out.  You can probably figure out I am new at writing reviews <G>
Excellent Book. Kept your interest with every page with  you getting who is who extinguishing between the characters. A real page turner and always kept my interest to follow who through the end and why the character did  what they did and why.
A page turner for sure, this book is told from three different points of view, three different yet similar women.  The mystery stays fresh until the end as clues that point to red herrings are dropped through-out the story.  I quite enjoyed it.
Once you 'get' the writer's style and begin to see how the story is going, it's hard to put the book down. Most of my favorites are in the Baldacci or Silva series, but this one was a good departure.  Overall, a good story, with few side trips.
You'll probably figure out just who's "unreliable" as a character about three quarters of the way through this who done it.  It is a fast and fascinating read up til then, and a pretty good wrap up afterward.  I read it in two sittings.
Just annoyed character was so un proactive in improving her life.  I suppose we wouldn't have a story if she was more proactive.  I guess I am lucky if I don't think this seems v/ realistic.  Think her roommate at least would've thrown her out!
Eh.. It's OK. I got sucked into the hype. It's a mystery adventure, but i'm sure there are better books out there.<br/>The book is in 1st person.. pay attention to the time periods as there is some parts of the section before the present time
I enjoyed her writing, I understand the time jumps now and at first found it annoying but it was a good way to build the characters I believe, very intriguing and kept me wanting to read more despite constant interruptions in my real life. Ha.
I barreled through "Girl on the Train", compelled as I am by any well written thriller. Characters are fully developed and settings well painted. In the genre of "Gone Girl", twisty, turny and edgy, yet surprisingly believable.
I was really hoping that it would be a book that I couldn't put down, but easily could. I found the dates at the start of each chapter confusing. The main character's battle with alcohol was more interesting than the disappearance of the girl.
Reminiscent of the excellent Gone Girl, Hawkins' narrative is spun by the three major female characters. The result is a compelling and complex study of disastrously intertwined lives and the mishaps and tragedies that fashion their existence.
First let me say , this book is not like Gone Girl which is why I purchased it.  I found this book to be very depressing and sad.  All the characters had issues.  I did not enjoy this book but gave it 3 stars because the writing was done well.
There were enough twists and turns in the plot to keep me flipping the pages.  One minute, I was annoyed with the main female character and the next, I was sympathetic.  The ending is a jolt; I really didn't see it coming.  Highly recommended.
This story kept me on my toes, it had a tempting "voyeur" quality.......Observing from a train "slowing at the station" I like this creative technique drawing us into the story ........ Really wanted to know what would happen !
I was disappointed in this book  I expected more after reading other readers review.  I felt that the story was extremely repetitive  however, it did hold my interest wondering who did what and why.  I was glad when the story was over.  Next??
Too much rambling on about her alcoholism and not enough about other characters in the book. Would have been okay as a short story. Read this for a book club and we were all disappointed. Nowhere near as good as Gillian Flynn! Disappointing!!!
crazy absorbing unsettling... a little confusing at the beginning but once you get the two main characters straight- it is a real page turner to see what  was real in Rachel's mind from her blackouts.  Would make a fun movie- but not too deep!
This book started slowly but built to an exciting conclusion.  The characters were not that likeable but grew on you after awhile.  It was a good read - not deep but entertaining if you like mysteries.  The English setting also added interest.
A real page turner. Poor broken Rachel sees the other character's lives as perfect. They have everything she wants; but looks are deceiving.  She's well-meaning, and frequently hard to watch, as the suspense builds to an unexpected conclusion.
Very good murder mystery, clever use of first person accounts and timeline.  The characters of the three women whose accounts tell the story are real, believable, very human.  I appreciated the stark but sympathetic presentation of alcoholism.
Note to Paula Hawkins, 30-something women are not girls. Three needy, vulnerable competing current women tell their stories around an English train track. Intriguing literary device. Reductive in the end.
What a weird book!  I really can't believe it's still #1.  Good thing I wasn't depressed when I read it as it would have increased it.  In all fairness, it was well written and obviously the writer had a lot of experience with alcohol syndrome.
Okay once I started it I couldn't put it down.Very quick read.
The story line kept me glued!!  Once I got to know the characters, I could not wait to see what was going to happen to them.  Would have given 5 starts except there were some loose ends - I think they were to keep you distracted, but still....
Her writing was so exciting. I never read a book where the author creates the story and a second story occurs at the same time by adding dialog of the characters inner thoughts. I couldn't  put the book down. I can't wait to read her next book
Wasn't anxious to read it.  Thought it may be similar to "Gone Girl".  First 80 pages I was done, except it was for my Book Club.  It picked up, but I predicted ending, or at least who was involved.  Better than I thought it would be.
I usually never read for hours at a time.  But I did just that with Girl on The Train.  Solidly written, it keeps you engrossed to the end.  Pay attention to the dates of each chapter.  I kept having to check back.  Buy it, read it, have fun.
Fabulous book. At first I thought another boring British setting. No I was wrong,I never don't finish a book I start no matter how painful. After the third chapter I could not put it down neglecting sleep and all else until complete. Riveting
I really enjoyed this book. There were so many twists and they came out of left field...I thought the book was predictable, but it wasn't at all. It kind of reminded me of Gone Girl, so if you liked that book, you will probably like this one.
A great read!  I especially liked the way the author told this story, from three different characters' perspectives.  It made for a suspenseful read - you'll never imagine how it's going to end!  I've recommended this book to so many already!
Really enjoyed this book, I didn't find it predictable and it kept me interested even after I started to figure out the plot.  It was a quick and easy but engaging and "I don't want to put it down" read that I would suggest to anyone.
With all the rave reviews I though this was going to be a great read. It was extremely sad and main character should be in rehab. I didn't realize this is the same author that wrote Gone Girl. I only saw the movie but didn't like that either.
The main character of this novel is seriously flawed and the readers know that from the beginning.  Still, her obsessions provide interesting twists and turns that kept me enthralled.  Each character was strong in his/her own way.  Good read!
Loved this book. It was a perfect start to my summer reading. The chapters are small enough to keep you going and I like the different perspectives given in each chapter. It took me almost to the end to piece the mystery together. Great read.
I loved the story...didn't love the way the chapter set ups. The dates written in the beginning or middle of chapters...would have preferred and would have been easier to track if would have said, for example, "3 days earlier" "1 month later"
The suspense is gripping throughout ..but I actually found the acute depiction of despair; the failed love; the aching want and the alcoholism to be truly beautiful in the book. A book about human needs and failure hidden in a suspense novel.
I had heard so much about this book that I thought it would rock my world for a few days.  It was good,  4 star worthy but not my "5 star favorite category.  A great book club book. I will definitely want to see a movie version of this story.
Entertaining in a movie-of-the-week sort of way. I've never been terribly good at figuring out the ending of these kinds of books. But here it's as obvious as a steam engine barreling down on you. A bit over-hyped and about 40 pages too long.
This is a well-spun story...having lived in England for many years and having ridden the same railway line I was really involved in the story.  It has wonderful twists and turns and such a surprising ending...I thoroughly recommend this book.
A book that promotes tension rather than relaxation. Not enjoyable to read and with no redeeming intellectual value.  Tedious. Could put it down and forget about it.  Nothing I would recommend or repeat.  So many far superior books out there.
Great book!  I really liked getting to know a main character that's flawed yet wants desperately to do the right things in life.  I just had to keep rooting for her!  Thanks Author for letting her succeed---I can only take so much depression.
How could this be the #1 seller on the NY Times for so long?  I'm glad I borrowed it from the library, so it was free.  I didn't find one characterwho was likable.  Not one character to root for!  What a sad commentary on current bestsellers.
I thought this was much better and more believable then the permanent best seller resident Gone Girl. Of course the man character is not particularly attractive, or likeable, or even sympathetic but the ongoing train motif was very well done.
I had to make a chart of the ladies" personal problems.  None of them would be attractive as a BF.<br/>I think the author got herself in so deep she couldn't find an ending at least partly satisfying to the reader.<br/>But a page turner
I had read many reviews about this book and decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed. I have recommended this book to my friends. It kept my interest and I just couldn't put it down. Don't start it unless you can finish it right away.
The story bounces back and forth a Lot!  I had to stop and think several times to keep the women straight in my mind but getting past all that it's not a bad read.  I didn't find it to be #1 best seller material but it was better than decent.
This book is very similar to Gone Girl. Its also very good just like that book but with a British flair. I would recommend this book, I enjoyed reading it though by the end you have it figured out and continue to read to see how it plays out.
This book was a total page turner.  I was kept guessing right up until the end.  The author does wonders with character development, and you just keep trying to figure it out!  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good thriller.
Contrived, sure, but worth it for good clean fun!  The constant shifting of dates, flashbacks, etc. is a bit annoying but for the most part the suspense sustains itself...even when you figure out the bad guy, which you certainly will.  Enjoy!
I liked this book, the story was good, but just wasn't MY kind of book.  I didn't fit in with the characters well for some reason.  This doesn't mean you won't love it as many do.  Am just finishing THE OUTLANDER, and that is my kind of book.
This story definitely held my interest. The characters were well developed but things were never as they appeared. Not a particularly happy story but very intriguing. The story was unique which is what I truly liked. Not the usual story line.
I've seen it compared to "Gone Girl." To me, Gone Girl is in a different league. Still, this book has strong writing and a complex protagonist. It stretched a bit too much in some places, yet the end is more abrupt than I anticipated.
Grabbed me from the first. These characters were so well written and compelling and not in completely like able ways. In real ways. In the ways people really are. The entire tale reflects the adage that not everything is at it appears. Enjoy!
The writing was very good and I read the book quickly. I thought the plot suffered in the end though. It just wasn't believable but these stories rarely are. The main character was very well done and her alcoholic personality rang true to me.
The first hundred pages were somewhat compelling. But as I read further, the book became tedious and repetitive. The ending strains credulity. Hawkins wants the reader to believe that the ex-husband suddenly morphed into a psychopath. Really?
Excellent thriller! I couldn't stop myself from turning the pages even as it approached 2 AM! I would say it's somewhat similar to go on girl in the sense that you get multiple perspectives, but the store is entirely different and unexpected.
This books is outstanding. I didn't think I could have been captivated by the characters and the plot line. I was kept on the edge of my seat, gasping in the middle of work every time I read a new detail. It is a great read that I recommend.
I read it because it seemed much talked about.  Good summer beach book.  Easy to read.  I felt bad for the main character throughout the book, but enjoyed how she was in the end.  The ending was kind of expected and didn't leave you hanging.
Loved this book. It was a nice change from the usual predictable characters and ending. Each character was interesting, complex and had flaws that made them more relatable and real. Looking forward to this being played out on the big screen!
There certainly were twists and while not full of  surprises, the last couple of chapters which brought the plot together were indeed surprising!  I thoroughly enjoyed the book and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good summer read.
If you like chasing a story line the way you chase in a Vidio game, read this. The writing is disjointed matching today's life styles. Glad I still like historical novels that require cohesion of thought and more than cardboard personalites.
What is interesting and different about this otherwise ordinary story is that it is told exclusively from the female point of view, as a first-person narrative. The novelty of this approach, however, soon wears off and is replaced by tedium.
Couldn't put the book down! Loved it! What I liked most is that although I had ideas about who the killer was, certain characteristics of the characters had me going back in forth in my head. The writing flows well - I read it in three days!
Highly rated and reviewed mystery, lots of twists and turns, surprise ending, pretty depressing at times, but a good read none-the-less. Characters are not heroic or aspirational to say the least...but they are well developed and consistent.
This was a hard book for me to read. I started, I stopped,I read a few books to avoid it. The drinking, blackouts and lies drove me crazy. But I hung in and found the final 30 percent so interesting...so fast,and so unexpected.  A good book.
While I liked the story tremendously I felt there was so very much drinking and riding the train that it became somewhat distracting.  Once we finally got into the heart of the story it became a gripping page Turner. What a twist at the end.
I was somewhat taken back by the delivery of the story.  But thanks to X Ray stayed with it.  So glad I did.  Twists and turns were surprising, eventful, and told in a way that led me gracefully to a riveting ending!  Good job Paula Hawkins.
Before I read the book, many people compared this book to Gone Girl, but in my opinion this book was much better. It will grab your attention from the beginning and continue to twist and turn up until the last page. Wish she had more books!!
I was totally surprised by the ending and could relate to it personally which made it hard to read and hard to put down. As the characters and each of their stories developed, I was drawn in, trying to figure out just where it was all going.
I loved this book. It was very hard for me to put down. The ending was not easy to predict, even though you think you have it figured out, you are lead many different directions so you aren't quite sure if you have it all figured out or not.
Not a thriller. The lead character did not stir any emotion in this reader. Therefore, it was hard to really care what trials and tribulations she went through. The other supporting characters were equally lifeless. An easy book to put down.
I found these characters to be less then admirable. I didn't care at all what happened to any of them. The ending did not have a surprise twist I had heard about. The train was a clever device  but the characters were simply horrible people.
I really enjoyed this book.  The story being told through three main characters view helps build the plot throughout.  A very fast and great book to read, especially if your on vacation and just relaxing, as it was hard to put down at times.
I've decided this is just not my genre. I read it and was captivated the first half but it was,well...predictable in that you knew another twist or turn would happen in the plot. Not great, not horrible. Perhaps you'll enjoy it more than me.
Paula Hawkins brings us an engaging story of relationships that one by one turn into complex tales. Her characters are well developed and intriguing. The who-done-it is excellently built. I will be reading more books by this talented author.
When I started reading this my thoughts were really what is so good about this book but you have to give it a chance it is a really good who done it and kept me guessing for the whole book I was so sure I knew who the guilty person was --Not
A real page turner kept me guessing who did what and it took me awhile before I figured out who done what. There was sadness all thru the story but that made it more real . I really enjoyed reading The Girl on the Train hope you will too!!!!
This amazing page turner had me from the very first.  This book twists and turns until the very end…and then turns again.  Most interesting to me was the contrast between the lives that we imagine for others and the reality of the situation.
The Girl On The Train kind of WOW'd me.  It started off slow and you had to pay attention to time frame but what an excellent novel. I can usually figure out what's going to happen, but this novel had me on my toes.<br/><br/>A MUST read :)
Very entertaining mystery with not too many characters to keep track of. Very good ending - I usually guess these right away - this time it took 3/4 of the book - that's a plus! Kept me guessing as the plots kept changing. Read it in 3 days.
This was so interesting to read. The dialogue and pace of the novel are terrific. You won't be disappointed if you read this. I can see how this would make a thrilling movie as i know that plans are in the works already. Kudos to the author.
A gripping story, I found this book hard to put down. The characters were well developed, the writing juicy. And although I guessed the plot twist, it made me feel rather smart—which was just an added bonus to a well written, great novel. ;)
Rachel is THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN, a pathetic, sloppy drunk who watches houses from a window train, envying the lives she imagines the people have, including jet ex-husband and his new wife Anna and their baby. Rachel, lie has blackouts, stalks her ex, and insinuates herself into a police investigation involving the presumed murder of the third unreliable female narrator, Megan.<br/><br/>THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN lacked the pacing of a good mystery/thriller. I couldn't empathize with or even relate to any of the narrators, in fact, I found Rachel so loathsome I just didn't care about the plot. I suppose if I didn't need a character to care about or root for, I might have been more interested, but I found myself hoping Rachel was the perp so she could get the death penalty, even though I'm anti DP and the UK doesn't have the DP.<br/><br/>THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is a better book than my enjoyment reading it suggests. Paula Hawkins has crafted an intricate, mind-bending plot and while her writing didn't interested me, I recognize that Hawkins writes quality sentences and paragraphs. This book just wasn't for me, but a lot of people loved the book and mystery, so don't let my review dissuade you if this seems like your kind of book. I think my genre tastes are changing. I'm sure if I picked up GONE GIRL for the first time I'd like that either, though I did a few years ago when it first came out.
This book was better than any train I've ever been on. Twists and turns and so relentless. I wanted to hate Rachel but the whole thing was so messed up. I loved this read. Amazing!!!
This is an English psychological and crime thriller.<br/>It is told in 3 voices. The first is from Rachel who is an alcoholic.She has been divorced and is a rather helpless character. She travels on the train every day, and where the train stops regularly at an intersection, she observes the happenings in one of the little houses by the railway track. She has even given the occupants names- Jess and Jason. They appear on an outside superficial level to be the perfect couple.<br/>One day her observations upturn these beliefs, and it comes to light that that ‘Jess’, who is actually really someone called Megan, has been announced as a missing person. Megan is the second voice in the book.<br/>On the night of Megan’s disappearance, Rachel was actually in the area. She was drinking on the train and planning to visit her ex-husband, who still lives in her old house which is  in the same run of houses as  Megan’s. Her ex  is now married to Anna and with child. Anna is the third voice in the book.<br/>On this evening Rachel has unfortunately  become intoxicated to the degree of having one of her all too frequent black-outs and she struggles to put her few memories together to make sense.<br/>The story keeps up a pace which had me hooked and I read it fairly quickly. It is well written and well-characterised.<br/>It has been compared to Gone Girl but I think this story is much better.
I loved how there are multiple narrators, very similar to "Gone Girl" in that style. It was also great to see a character dealing with a mental illness and addiction, showing the challenges of those common situations in our society.
Did not deserve its place on the best seller list. Found the heroine annoying. The book was not written well enough to overcome its deficiencies. The twist at the end where we discover that the heroine's ex-husband is the murderer was good.
Realistic portrayal of alcoholism, clever use  of point of view from the three female perspectives . . . but implausible relationships -- especially between Scott and Rachel.  Two thirds into the book, I had figured out "whodunnit."
I guess that I expected more from the book, because of the hub-bub. None of the characters were likable, which I'm sure was the plan. It was still good and held my attention. I'd recommend the book if asked, but I just can't say I loved it.
long mysterious journey girl on train takes you through her mind & conscious awareness<br/>great writing by hawkins  read a page turner young girl survives and learns what she is capable<br/>of doing she has a good mind to perceive things
Very good.  Rachel keeps you wondering if she is truly just a nutcase, or just a hopeless drunk.  Then sanity sneaks through and your thinking what's going on with her.  None of the characters are what they seem.  Would recommend this book.
Honestly I never write reviews but after this book I just had to. Amazing book, twists turns and full of excitement. If you want a great book that keeps you on the edge of your seat this is it. Buy it. Pay attention to the chapter headings.
I was so looking forward to reading this novel. I was snagged early, but my interest faded pretty quickly. I finished it only because I wanted to see what really happened on "that night". To each his own-just not a good read for me.
I feel that this novel belongs on the silver screen! Such a gripping story that I couldn't wait to get back to each time I had to set it down! I think Gone Girl when I think of this story. So compelling, twisting and surprising. Great read!
What a boring book.  This takes forever to get started.  It is very "clever" in its writing style but this means you have to work harder to follow it, and wade through pages where little happens.  Avoid if you like a good, fun read.
I read this book based on reviews comparing it to Gone Girl, but it's not a fair comparison, it's stands up on its own a a mystery novel who-done-it told through three different points of view (all female! Can't wait for the movie version!)
I thoroughly enjoyed this book!!  It has many twists and turns in the plot and a surprise ending.  Very suspenseful!  Great character development!!  Shows that people aren't always what they seem!! Buy this book!! You will be glad you did!!
The changing perspectives and contrasting viewpoints of the three women creates a whirlwind of thought, perception and feelings. The difference between each character's façade and true self is underscores the drama and tragedy of the story.
It was surprisingly good. Well written, certainly. Very interesting. I figured out the mystery a little earlier than I think the author intended, but I'm a notorious spoil sport for fun like that. Look forward to more work from Ms. Hawkins.
Easy, accessible reading.  Interesting perspectives provided from varying view points.  Thriller aspect well presented and keeps the reader on his/her toes.  Recommended for light, engaging reading.  May have potential for successful movie.
Loved this book.  Characters were quite dysfunctional, yet the author documented each of their thought processes, offering some understanding of their bizarre behaviors.  Book was suspenseful and fast paced........an enjoyable read.
This was sitting on my shelf for sometime now before  I decided it was time to read it. I hadn't read the reviews or anything about the book. I couldn't put it down once I started. Full of twists and turns until the end. Highly recommended.
a great read, most enjoyable.I'm in a new book club,and i had read the Orphan Train months earlier for another book group. I thought I would do a quick study to get reacquainted and found myself rereading chapters,and once more enjoying it.
The reader is always a little disoriented, mystified, curious, off-balance, and this ultimately evolves into a sleepless night because you will need to finish the book to get all the answers.  I didn't miss the sleep that much.  Great read!
I thought this book started off slow and was a bit hard to read as I disliked the main character, but I stayed with it till the end and liked it very much by the time I finished. There were some surprising twists.  It was worth the reading.
I had a little trouble getting into it. Did I really want to read about a divorced, jobless, over weight , alcoholic. It seems that I did. Found myself sneaking around to read and with forty pages left, I could not put it down. Enthralling!
Nicely written thriller.  The author creates a sense of place and delves into the minds of various characters, all of whom could be "the one."  Bound to entertain from the first chapter to the unexpected ending.  Highly recommended.
I just could not keep straight of exactly what was going on, and who was it happing. I read Gone Girl and I found it hard to concentrate and keep up with the story; however, after I re read Gone Girl, I enjoyed it, much more than the movie.
The switch-backs from date to date were confusing and sometimes required going back to look at the dates. There was a lot of re-stating of events. I did find the book enjoyable, but it would not be my #1 pick, which was a bit disappointing.
This author keeps you gripped throughout... you feel as though you're the person narrating.  Enjoyed the read but, after all the drama, the end was a bit lack luster.  Will, however, read another Hawkins, as it held my attention completely.
I was somewhat disappointed - with such rave reviews on the Best Seller list,  I expected more. The train ride setting got boring.  Overall, the story held my interest and I recommend it to readers who enjoy figuring out who is the villain.
Overall I enjoyed this book. There was a good amount of suspense, and the way the story unfolded from the 3 women's perspective was engaging. I wasn't crazy about the end, but that's not uncommon with me & thrillers. It'll keep you reading!
It was a good book. The end was good. It just took me a long to work through the book. I get embarrassed for people who do things knowing the outcome or at least that they shouldn't be there. Hard for me to work through those moments...lol.
This story was unusual and kept my interest well into the night time hours...Good plot and a character that met with the difficulties of life and found her way to cope with her own shortcomings while involved in her unusual world of living.
The story kept my attention, but all of the characters are horrible people!  They are not flawed, but with redeeming qualities.  I bought the book on sale and i would recommend it based upon the sale price.  Not sure I would pay full price.
This book was just the right combination of thrilling and reality.  I loved the sub plots of the characters as the narration shifted.  The characters are relatable and the story moves at a nice place.  I will be reading more by this author.
Fast-paced, but easy to follow.
Baby lust destroys three women!
Loved it. Couldn't put it down.
Ugh!
Rachel is a damaged woman still recovering from a failed marriage and struggling with alcoholism. Every day she catches the commuter train in to London past her old house where her ex and his new wife and baby now live. The train slows down to stop at a signal near her old house so it's hard to avoid looking at it and recalling the past. A few houses down she has noticed a lovely young couple who can often be seen having their morning coffee or in the evening, a glass of wine, on their balcony. She has built up a fantasy life for these two unknown people which all crashes back to reality when she sees something unexpected one evening. Rachel is an unpleasant, obsessive woman. Her alcoholism is out of control and it's only through the good nature of an old friend who feels sorry for her that she has a roof over her head. She is obsessed with her ex and his new wife, calling them at all hours and she soon becomes obsessed with the young couple she sees from the train, to the point where her own life and problems are put on hold.<br/><br/>This is an excellent psychological thriller told from the viewpoint of the three women involved, Rachel, her ex's new wife Anna and the young girl she sees from the train. The story builds slowly to become quite gripping and will you keep you guessing as the author skillfully employs new twists and turns to keep you from working out the truth.
Not the best book I've ever read by far. Characters are not particularly admirable but I did feel for a couple of them. I read it as it had been on the best seller list for weeks and thought it would be better than it was. I'd give it a C+
The build-up for this novel was extremely high among friends who had read it.  It took a long time for me to become attracted and connected to the characters.  I will agree that it was suspenseful and the second half of the book delivered!
Great story with many twist and turns. A very raw look at a trip from success to alcohol driven hopelessness. Three women linked in strange and surprising ways. Everything linked through the British rail system without being a train story.
Some books get a lot of hype and turn out to be a disappointment - this is not one of those books.  This one will grab you, twist your mind, throw you into the air, crash you to the ground and spin your around.  And you will love the ride.
Finally a story with a great ending! I have been so disappointed lately with stories that are so good all the way to the last chapter and then a boring, disappointing conclusion! I couldn't put this book down! It was thrilling! Five stars!
This is a great beach read, but I wouldn't categorize it as a literary masterpiece.  It kept me interested and honestly I couldn't put it down.  You won't be disappointed if you're looking for something to read in between riding the waves.
At first, the three perspectives confused me because I was reading on Kindle and neglected to read the headers. After I noticed them, the story flowed perfectly. The last 100 pages or so we're the most action packed. Well done Ms. Hawkins.
Good reading, very well written. However, you can guess who the murderer is too easily. The book is still interesting and the enter twinning of the characters is excellently done. A book well worth reading. It was rated number 1 for weeks!
This book was a very good read. Captivating. Following the different characters wasn't difficult, but following the date of events presented a challenge for me. I found myself flipping back to the previous chapter just to look at the date.
I needed something g quick and easy for a lazy summer afternoon so I downloaded this book. Heard is was on the order of Gone Girl . Instead of quick and easy I spent a day in my chair in my back yard unable to leave this book. Awesome read
I had a hard time getting into this book.  Then I had a hard time liking or relating to the main character.  I felt annoyed with her quite a bit.  It got somewhat better in that I had to keep reading to find out what happened, but overall, it was just okay.
Quick read - storyline was good and kept you wanting to read however the characters were hard to like and took actions that made you cringe - the ending lacked substance and was a little disappointing - overall good enough for a quick read
I loved that the author kept me guessing. I found the story intriguing and couldn't put it down. Loved the ending and the Hitchcockian throw back to "Rear Window".<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a great mystery.
Through this story we can accept things as they are, as perceived by the characters.  Or, we can join Rachel, the rider on the train, to find out what really happened because Rachel is determined to find the truth~~~~with the help of wine.
I loved this book from start to finish and had a hard time putting it down. The story as told by three different women takes you on a wild ride to places you don't expect. Similar to Gone Girl in that there is a twist you don't see coming.
Initially I didn't like the book much.  The jumping around from character to another...and the fact that the main protagonist was a drunk, was disconcerting....but I did enjoy the book more towards the end and will recommend it to friends.
This book was okay but not great. It started very slowly and took a while to become interesting. The last 20-30% of the book was relatively predictable. I was intrigued enough to finish the book, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.
It was a disappointing book. I liked the profiling of each character but the plot did not lend itself to the outcome. The Rachel character was not likable. She should have had some redeeming qualities to become a heroine. It was contrived.
I was so captivated from the very start.  The stories behind each character and how they were all intertwined was done so well.  I couldn't put this down.  It was a mind blow all the way till the very end.  Bravo.......so very well done!!!
This engrossing whodunnit starts with a flawed but all-too believable protagonist, adds a missing woman and several suspects, offers timely reveals and a mild twist with an ending made for the movies. A stay-up-'till-tomorrow reading book.
Omg. So boring. I get it. Unreliable narrator. It was fine at first but really really lagged in the middle. If it weren't for the fact that I was in a long haul flight and this was all I had on my kindle I wouldn't have bothered to finish.
This book starts out as a "downer", but keep reading and all things are not as they appear . . . got where I could not put it down. Excellent reading and writing. Hard to find a good book these days and this is one of them :<br/>0
Couldn't put the book down.  The book started slowly and was very dark and depressing.  I almost didn't go past the first few chapters but then as I continued the story caught fire and kept me turning page after page for the next surprise.
The main character, Rachael, is a train wreck.  The beginning of the book she draws you in but after a while she becomes annoying.  I did figure out the truth about half way through the book, which I am sure was not the author's intention.
Paula Hawkins has taken a premise and fleshed it into a fabulous story of lives driven by lies and make believe. Love felt and loves lost.  This was a fantastic read from this author and I can't wait to read her next book. Thank you Paula.
Once you start this book you won't be able to stop. A true page turner. Well plotted, told from the viewpoints of the three women who are central to the story. A harrowing portrait of alcoholism...combined with a chilling take of suspense.
The story skips around so you have to have a couple hours a day to have it sink in...one day I was so engrossed in the story I read it for 6 hours and got up the next day and finished it in 2 hours!! nice twist, love those type of stories.
One would need to have the mindset of preparing for a final to remember all the crazy dates and details of this book.<br/>It was also pretty obvious how drunks can be annoying and irritating.<br/><br/>I did not care much about this book
What a fantastic book. havent read a thriller better than this. Leaving apart "who the killer is" the book is extremely gripping. I almost forgot the suspense created, I just wanted to know happens next. Absolutely worth your time.
What an interesting story.... confusing at times, making it hard to keep up with the dates. I'm glad I read it, but not sure I would run out and recommend it to everyone. Definitely different then my typical romance novels I usually read!!
This book is a tough-read. Not an intellectual book, but the pace for me was challenging. I realize this is a "best seller" and the story is interesting. The pace and tone were just a bit off-putting for me. But a good-enough book.
At time it was like slogging through the same cloudy drunken behavior, but I kept reading because I was waiting for action, which finally appeared in the last few pages.  Not sure what all the fuss was about, but I don't regret reading it.
Read it in 2 days as I could not put it down!! What is going on with this girl on a train? You ask yourself this question continuously. This poor sad soul who can't seem to get away from her past and her alchoholism. Rachel, Rachel Rachel!
If you like detective books then this is a great book for you. A dead body, lots of suspects and many motives. We follow our flawed self appointed investigator, Rachel as she works through the clues. It was well written and quite exciting.
The story at first was a sad tale of a girl bent on self destruction.  It seemed to keep repeating itself like a train trying to get up to maximum speed.  Just when you think you know where you are going, you are lost again in the mystery.
The book, The Lady on the Train was a very good story. I always read a book before I recommend it to my book club. The vulgar,  crude language of the dialogue added nothing to the story and prevented me from choosing it for our book club.
This book is fantastic. It is a study of human nature because you see the facets of each main character and the way they view the events happening around them. It keeps you guessing and when you think you can predict the end you're wrong.
I really enjoyed this book.  A true who done it! I finished it over the course of the one weekend, could've probably finished it in one day. Took me a while to figure out who the murderer was and I was shocked. Definitely not predictable.
I know that The Girl On The Train has been compared to Gone Girl.  I see the similarities, but, truthfully, it is a poor imitation.  I thought that the book was somewhat entertaining, but, definitely not as great as it was hyped up to be.
Not what I expected. What was I thinking? Murder on the Orient Express? Oh, Paula Hawkins, you're a clever one. Taking a rather straight forward plot and manipulating it into a page turner with great pacing. Loved the characters. 06-10-15
I waited a long time to get this so I was excited to finally get to read it.  I loved it!  I did not guess the ending at all so I liked that too.  The alternating voices kept me guessing the whole way through.  Highly recommend this book.
This book was such a disappointment. I gave it two stars only because I didn't dislike it enough not to finish. For the most part the story is unbelievable and I disliked all of the characters and really didn't care what happened to them.
I kept hearing this book being compared to Gone Girl.  Sorry, but this is no Gone Girl. Writing more amateurish, not as compelling.  A good book to sit by the pool and read but not something I would highly recommend or want to read again.
I wandered around this story with the women who told the story and wondered where they were going with it.  Soon it became obvious who the "culprit" was and while I enjoyed the format of the story at times it dragged and was slow.
I my opinion this story was tedious. The main character, Rachel, was pathetic. The ending was predictable. There are so many truly well-written books available. Read those. I find it hard to believe that book clubs are choosing this book.
I was so disappointed. Just so much more could have been added for suspense throughout the entire book, instead of waiting till the absolute end. Previous reviews I had read misled me to think it was much more suspenseful. Live and learn!
Wow!! What an amazing thriller mysterious story. One of a kind. I have never heard of this author, but nonetheless was NOT disappointed. From beginning to end this book has you with its great writing and storyline. A must read for sure!!!
Started a little slow but draws you in with clever writing and soon you are hooked.  Similar to Gone Girl.  Interesting in that you aren't waiting to see where the book is going, you are wanting to find out where the characters have been.
This was probably not the best choice for a first bk on my new kindle, because I didn't realize that the dates were important not that different people were talking.  When I finally caught on it made more sense & I really really liked it.
Who are the good guys and who are the bad guys?  Certainly a question always asked, but how do we know for sure?  What do we choose to see, and what do we decide not to see?  The Girl on the Train keeps you guessing - well worth the read.
I was pleasantly surprised to have loved "THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN" especially since it was compared to GONE GIRL and I wasn't a huge fan of that like everyone else. The plot was unpredictable and kept me in suspense the whole time.
The subject was interesting, with escalating tension. I found that the alternating person narrative was somewhat confusing, however, which caused me to go back into the story often to see who was in what relationship with whom, and when.
I could not get into this book at all. The start was so slow to catch my attention that I gave up.  I am sorry I wasted the money.  Other reviews were very good, so perhaps the story improves, but it took way to long for me so I gave up!
I like the alternating persons format because I think you really get to know the characters better that way.  After the first few chapters I had a hard time putting the book down.  Very enjoyable read and a good "book club" book.
I couldn't put this book down! I occasionally got confused by the dates that rah chapter pertained to but got over it. I liked it so much I may read it again and pay better attention since I was in a hurry to see what happens at the end.
I found this a fascinating read. The denouement was not predictable for me. The character developments excellent.<br/>Excellent writing and construction for a first novel. It's going the rounds in my family. I can't get my Kindle back!!
Great read.  For whatever reason, I put the book down a couple of times in the very beginning because I couldn't get into it.  Big mistake.  It is written in an unusual and different style.  I really enjoyed it and would highly recommend
This was an awesome read ....held my attention until the very end. What a good writer Paula is too !!  Unusual set up for characters but so imaginable !  Now I understand all the interest in this book among my friends.<br/>A MUST read !
This is one of the strangest books I have read in a long time. I allmost put it down many times because of the endless ruminations of the main character, but stuck to the end to be sure that my guess of "who done it" was correct.
It took a long time to get into the book and wondered what the fuss was about.  In addition, I was uncomfortable reading about her weaknesses.  With that said, hang in there.  The book gets better and better and Indid not want it to end.
I didn't feel as if the time I spent reading this book was time well spent. The book was clearly not a mystery, instead, it was a sad narrative of a woman who allows a relationship to ruin her own life; neither uplifting or entertaining.
On the order of "Gone GIrl" in that it's difficult to go beyond the narration to figure out just who the villan is.  Keeps the reader in suspense along with the narrator.  Exciting read, I enjoyed it and would recommend the book.
VERY DULL.  GOING BACK AND FORTH FROM GIRL TO GIRL GOT OLD AND CAUSED LOSS OF INTEREST.  SORRY TO SAY ONE OF THE WORST BOOKS I HAVE READ.  WAS FINALLY GLAD FOR THE END WHEN IT MADE IT CLEAR WHO WAS ON FIRST.  CERTAINLY NOT A PAGE TURNER.
This was a great and easy read but it wasn't as thrilling as I was expecting..at least not compared to some Patterson books I've read. Towards the end it became somewhat predictable. Overall, I do recommend this as a summer reading book.
Couldn't put it down!  This is a real page-turner... and after I finished it, I kept mulling.  It's the sort of mystery you keep trying to solve in your head as you read it.  Main character so well developed it you want to quit drinking.
When I downloaded the book I was just looking for an engaging mystery.  I found it.  I loved the book, was thoroughly surprised and excited when I was reading it.  Loved this book and am looking forward to reading more from this author.
Frankly, I didn't think I was going to like it in the beginning, seemed kind of dark, but as I got into the story, rather quickly, it pulls you in and becomes an amazing story.  Well worth the time to read and understand it!  Good Book!
This book was a pretty good read. not fantastic but interesting enough for me to finish and wonder what was going to happen. I liked the interweaving of all the ladies and their quirks. Seems no one is who they seem in suburban England.
The self-delusion and then the new awareness of the "Girl in the Train" at the end was not true to life (trying not to spoil it for others).  However, for a long time the author kept me guessing about the identity of the killer.
This book wasn't very compelling. I found all of the characters bland and the main character was so pathetic it was difficult to care what happened to her. I found myself plodding through it just to get it over with. Disappointing read.
I was drawn to this book primarily by the good ratings at the time. I see that the ratings have come down a bit since then, and for good reason. It's just OK. Not sure why so many people loved it. The story was a bit predictable for me.
Great read! Gripping and suspenseful. Keeps you guessing the whole time. There are 3 sides of the story told and no loose ends, which I like. Once you start, be sure to clear your schedule. You won't want to put this down until it over!
This book was so hard to put down. I couldn't wait to see what the next chapter was going to bring. Very well written and I would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys an edge of your seat thriller. Can't wait to read her next book.
Gripping story. Page turner. Different approach to a situation from an alcoholics viewpoint  I'm an educated senior who reads daily. Appreciate good stuff. Plot easy to follow. Tense question of how book will end. Really really GOOD!!!!
Fairly predictable story with the last fifty pages being the plot saver. First two hundred or so pages were character development and the last third of the book took on intrigue with plot development enough to keep the readers interest.
Good story line but very boring until the last couple chapters.  Rachel's story was the Same scenario every time  - drunk and stupid.  I liked it better than gone girl which was so boring and predictable I stopped reading in the middle.
The story line was somewhat difficult to follow in the first five chapters as it switches between characters.  But once that is straightened out in your mind, hang on!!  The suspense, twists and turns, make for a very entertaining read.
The novel is clever in the way it takes three points of view to propel the narrative forward. The unlikely finale, where the killer explains everything, is out of Perry Mason. Still, the plot is relentless and curvy, so it's a fun ride.
Maybe because I'm NOT an alcoholic, I felt this book was more annoying and depressing than it was interesting.  While there was a decent plot buried in there, it was covered by a large amount of drama of the main character's daily life.
Impossible to sit back, relax and become engrossed in a novel where the characters consistently act against their own interests. Although the plot was intriguing enough, I can't really enjoy a book without one single likeable character.
I didn't think this was a great book; but I did read all the way to the end which itself wasn't really satisfying. Somehow, I couldn't really like any of these characters very much. They all seemed like rather unpleasant, boring people.
I really should have put three and a half stars.  The story was good, but it took a long time into the book, before I started to enjoy it.  I had an idea who the murderer was ,which was right.  I am not sure who I would recommend it to.
LOVED this book.  Ironically I read it on my daily commuter train -- and I often found myself anxious to get on the train and keep reading it.  I liked how the book was told from different points of view.  Really well done, great story!
I really like the format of each chapter being from a different character's perspective. I thought each character was developed well and that the author was so successful in making the story so gripping. I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.
Incredible read. I was sucked in right from the start and hardly put the book down. Finished it in record time. Well written and it feels like every character has something to hide, right up until the end, when the truth comes to light.
A gripping story of relationships gone bad, deep secrets, lies,  and people who pretend to be someone they are not.  Full of surprise twists, with great characters and a fast moving plot that will keep you interested until the very end.
This book is difficult to put down. It did cause me a great deal of anxiety and I did not figure it out until it was close to the reveal. It was also uniquely formatted writing from three different perspectives and two different times.
Somewhat derivative of "Gone Girl", but worth reading--the perspective of the characters' viewing each others' lives through train travel is unique and engaging.  Although the end is somewhat predictable, it's still satisfying.
Definitely like the film "Gone Girl." Easy/addicting read. Some common "women's lit" themes like female sexual power, marriage, divorce, dating, babies, psychology. The lesson is that things are not always as they seem.
Wow! The description didn't interest me as it sounded like a mystery which I don't normally like. A friend recommended it and I'm so glad she did! Fantastic characters and such a fascinating story! Highly recommend- you won't be sorry!
So I'm a huge gillian flynn and lisa Unger fan and I thought I couldn't find another book like those until I read this book. I couldn't put it down. You'll go through alot of emotions and great plot twists. The movie will be excellent.
Interesting but it is quite predictable, in special at the end. The story is simple, and the descriptions are not very colorful. Tom's character is not painted in details across the book, until the end. This relives the end quite fast.
A most enjoyable mystery that kept me guessing for most of the novel. A story with many twists and turns that kept you wondering about the antagonist even until the very end. If that is what the author wanted , it was mission achieved.
It was a while ago since I read this but I remember it as being very good. It kept me guessing who done it. It makes sense if you think about it, what do we see when speeding past something we pass every day on our way to work or play.
When the book reached 30K reviews I decided to read it. I enjoyed every minute. Well written, unusual structure of the story, great main character of the book Rachel. You will not be able to even guess what happened until the very end.
Read this based on many recommendations of, "If you liked Gone Girl, you'll LOVE this!" To them I say, "meh." I thought Gone Girl had better character development and stronger female characters. This was a fine story, but no Gone Girl.
This was a great novel.  Very well written and full of surprises.  I read it in a couple of days.  I couldn't put it down.  I am not sure if there are other novels by this author, but would love to sample her other works if they exist.
Like almost everyone else in the universe I thoroughly enjoyed this novel, great plot twists and well thought out and expressed characters. Rarely does a widely touted book live up to expectations but this one certainly does.  Enjoy it
I should have waited for the movie version so that I could not watch the movie.... I am not sure why I finished reading this book. ALL of the characters were unlikeable, actually I found myself hating all the characters... I was hoping that they would all do each other in suicide pact.... If you have some time to kill and low expectations pick another book. This was no Gone Girl...
Starts a little slow but when you get into it it all makes sense. I love books that are not predictable and this one certainly wasn't. Paula Hawkins is now on my reading list of favorite authors. Can't wait to see what she writes next.
This has been the best book I've read in a while! She weaves suspense and intrigue into the story so well. Several times I thought I had a hint of what was happening, only to find out that no- something else had been planned. Loved it.
The suspense and character development were strong and hooked me about a chapter into the novel.  But the lives depicted were so full of misery and self-loathing that it was a relief to finish the story and leave the characters behind.
Starts off strong & keeps your attention. More for discussion and deeper thoughts in the first third, then some characters blend together. Stayed up too late to finish... A good sign! Not a book I will remember forever, but a good time
This was a great book, but took a few pages to understand what was going on, so you need to give it some time. The book is full of twists and turns and you never are sure what is happening until the end. I would recommend it to anyone.
It was a easy read once you got into it, I felt the first quarter of the book was very slow and almost quit reading.  It then became a book that I had a hard time putting down.  It is also somewhat disturbing besides being suspenseful.
This book was great.  The plot just built up and built up . The character development was excellent and it was an incredible story.<br/>Be prepared to stay up late and read as it is one of those novels that you just hate to put down!!
I could not put this book down.  It was so suspenseful, and I really empathized with the main character.  Will definitely purchase Ms. Hawkins's next publication.  Can't wait!  Recommend this book highly to those who enjoyed Gone Girl.
I really enjoyed this book! About halfway I started deciding who I thought the bad guy was. Then it would change every couple of pages and that it was I liked the most, it kept me on my toes. The author wrote a wonderfully woven story.
These are folk at their most human worst.  Compelled finish the book, I don't feel good about having done with it.<br/>No one should live like this story imagines people to be, but the writing and the imagination given to it compells.
The book gets off to a slow start.  I almost quit reading it.  But I kept going because it was on the bestseller list so I figured it must get better and it did.  But I am afraid some people might put it down because of the beginning.
I really liked the story, which I found really unique. But I wasn't that fond of the writing and found it a bit week. Also, the violence and sexual content are extremely minimal if in there at all, but I couldn't check "none."
Thoroughly enjoyed this story. It grabbed me from the first page and I had to finish it .  Her writing style is easy to read so it took me only two days to finish. I am a huge mystery fan and this kept me thinking all the way through.
What an excellent read. This book takes you on a ride of your life and at the end of this book it leave you speechless because you never saw it coming. You never know what people are capable of doing when their backs against the wall.
This book was really the perfect summer beach book for me I really enjoying all the twist & turns of the story.  I felt true empathy for all of the characters This would make a great move I'm going to recommend it to my book club gals
The story drags too long.  I've been reading this book for over a month (not usual) because it's taking too long to develop.  I've read two books since I started on The Girl on the Train. I should be finished with it by the Christmas.
I enjoyed this book very much, although I thought all the people in the story were a little crazy.  My Book Club  chose it for the month of Sept. and I'm so glad we did!  It will be such a fun discussion at our next Book Club meeting.
I kept wanting to read because I wanted to see what would happen next. It was a different read reminded me of Gone Girl. I did get a little bored with the main character Rachel and her self pity Party but I found the book interesting.
The main character in this book is a mess. I read about half of it and I could not understand her actions or have empathy for her situation. It wasn't even a good mystery.  What are people thinking giving this book four or five stars?
I found the beginning of the story somewhat confusing.  It took me a while to really get into what was going on.  The characters were so needy and unlikable that I had very little sympathy for any of them.  The ending was a good read.
I liked it, it was an entertaining easy read, kind of refreshing to read about a woman who is a total mess as opposed to the perfect person with everything going for them and something terrible happens. I would read this author again.
An amazing, engaging novel. You can feel for certain characters as if you knew them well personally. The story keeps you guessing to the very end and I could barely put it down from the moment I started reading it until I finished it.
Three female characters, and all three are promiscuous? That seems a little unrealistic. The narrator is mentally unbalanced and suffers from alcoholism. Very sad stuff.<br/><br/>The ending is, well, the (abrupt) ending...very weak.
Downloaded this book to my Kindle on May 31....decided to give it a shot today...and I could NOT put it down...so many twists and turns..totally shocked at the ending...best book I have read in a long time!!  Will make a great movie!!
I thought this book was great! It kept you wondering what was going to happen next. It is a good book that makes you sad to think that these women could be so gullible when it came to a man.. I would recommend this book to my friends.
I liked the way the author built academic for nearly every character to be the perpetrator.  She kept the suspense throughout the book.  While I did not like any of the narrators I think that each woman's perspective added tothestory.
Moved along quickly, going to one person then another. Sometimes it was hard to keep the characters straight.  But as the plot unfolded it was very interesting. It kept the reader in suspense for a time and had a very surprise ending.
I was intrigued and it surely held my attention. Interesting the way she had each woman speak first person in their chapter. Didn't realize it was a murder mystery, too close to present day for me. Already enough of this in real life.
The three main women in the story have no significant differences, so it's hard to say which one is narrating.  The story itself is far fetched in many ways.  All of the women behave irrationally or stupidly.  It wasn't worth reading.
Really had a hard time putting this book down once I started it, often reading until the very early morning hours.  It is riveting and kept so until the end.  Though I seldom pick up a mystery to read, I found this one worth the time.
this book got more and more interesting as it went on. Pay special attention to the date and the person given at the beginning of each chapter. The way it was written going back and forth, mounted the suspense. I enjoyed it very much.
The lives of three women are intertwined in this compelling, suspenseful story. Rachel, the girl on the train, remarks "Life is a paragraph, and death is no parenthesis." This book really grabs the reader and pulls you into the story.
This story kept me thoroughly involved. It's a great read that you can't put down until it's done. All the while, never knowing what was real and what was just in Rachel's drunken crazy head.  I must admit that I didn't see it coming.
Very much like this page turner that I just couldn't predict. I was pleasantly surprised that in no way I could solve this mystery until it was fully played out before me. Great reading entertainment! 5 star rating please & thank you.
An unusual, but absorbing story.  At first you are just on the perifery (sp) of this girl's life, then as it goes along you are completely involved with her.  The ending is tense and well done.  I highly recommend this as a good read.
I consider this a well crafted murder mystery! The way that Hawkins weaves the story together by going back and forth in time, from different perspectives, revealing just enough of the story to keep you turning the pages is masterful!
I chose the book after seeing the author interviewed on television. Her summary of her novel interested me so I bought it that day and once I started it couldn't put it down . It's fantastic, twisted, weird, suspenseful to name a few!
At first I wasn't sure about the book,but as I continued reading very difficult to stop. I really thought it was different,it kept my interest to the end. I didn't want to put the book down, it kept me guessing about how it would end.
I wouldn't say this was the best book in the genre. I did like it but I've also read better. I thought, "Before I Go To Sleep" and "The Good Girl",were just as good as this book. I would recommend it but try the others and you decide.
For those who compared this novel to Gone Girl - I completely disagree - The Girl on the Train is far better. The changing POV,  going back and forth in time, the mystery - it all came together into an excellent, most enjoyable novel.
The only similarities this book has to Gone Girl are that both books have slow beginnings and unreliable narrators. That's it. They are completely different stories with different feels. The characters in Gone Girl are actually more likable than these people. This book was very good--once I got past the half-way point. It has a very slow, meandering first half where very little happens except for a lot of drinking and being hung-over. I wanted to shake Rachel more than once and tell her to get her act together. I almost stopped reading about a third of the way through because I was really just not feeling it......but like Gone Girl, which I also put down early on due to a slow start, the buzz and rave reviews encouraged me to pick it back up. I heard from more than one person that the second half redeemed the book. This is another aspect where Gone Girl is a bit better, it kicked in and I was hooked at about 50 pages in....not more than half-way.<br/><br/>That said, they were right, and once the story started moving, I couldn't stop reading and the author did a great job of throwing suspicion a lot of different directions. I usually figure things out very early on, but I didn't here, which made the experience that much more enjoyable. I would definitely read this author again. I read that she is working on another similar type of story.
Not my favorite book of this Summer/Fall.....many of my friends raved about it, but to me it was boring and not enough life happening, just the same three-women's thoughts going back and forth.  Not up to what I consider a good read.
Great book. It goes along at a great pace building upon each character and their relationships with one another. Although I figured out the ending before the ending, I got pretty far along in the book first so I enjoyed it immensely.
Girl on a Train was a great, quick vacation read. Similar to Gone Girl with it's multiple different character perspectives as each chapter and girl gone missing plot. Great read! Only 4 stars because it was super similar to Gone Girl
One of the best books I have read in quite sometime. An absolute page turner that continuously left me wanting to know more. I found it impossible to put down, running possible outcomes through my mind even whilst going about my day.
Very quick, very enjoyable read. Our heroine has a profound sadness, upon which, somehow, she channels her obsession to reveal a painful truth. In a way, an inspiration for anyone wrestling with pain or fears. In the end, energizing.
There are some books that you can't put down. This was one! I loved the point of view of the three characters. I felt the desperation of each one. I was in suspense for most of the novel. I couldn't decide who "did it" until the end.
This was a very good read. A little confusing sometimes, thank God for X-Ray. A lot of people to keep up with and a lot of changing dates. It kept my interest until the very end which is very unusual. I will read more by this author.
I heard this book compared to Gone Girl but other than the fact that none of the characters are likable I don't see the comparison. I did not care for the way the book moved between characters and time.  I forced myself to finish it.
Wish I had read it with a book, not a kindle. It was hard for be to keep track of the time and dates of events of Anna,Megan and Rachel. With a book, I could have quickly looked back at the dates. I thought it was slow and confusing.
Lord knows this one is a bit miserable, very unsympathetic characters and an accidental death side story that was very disturbing. About 2/3 of the way through I flicked to the end to see if it was worth reading inbetween, it wasn't.
The reviews are good.  The book doesn't live up to them.  I guess reading about a self destructive delusional alcoholic women is something that I don't find satisfying or rewarding.  I felt no rapport or empathy for these characters.
Took a while to get into. Had a hard time identifying with the main character and got the 3 voices confused at first. But by the middle of the book i was hooked and found the conclusion satisfying. Would recommend it to my book club.
I could only do three stars bc to me this book had a very slow and confusing start. I almost quit reading it at least 3x. Once I finally figured out the flow, I had to finish it. I still wasn't in love with the story or storytelling.
The whole "unreliable narrator" thing feels a bit forced. I'm having a little trouble with the protagonist's life of never-ending, self-centered drama. But the story is compelling enough to keep me at least slightly invested.
When I first started to read 'Girl' I thought to myself, 'this is the weirdest book I've ever read". It took just a couple of chapters before I couldn't stop reading it. Intrique, mystery,trains and alcohol. Who wouldn't love it!
The author handled the setting and the suspense well, and she used the alternating 3-way narration to good effect. BUT. Grim and depressing—the plot and the characters were overpowered by too much dysfunction and irrational behavior.
It wasn't quite what I expected.  I don't remember disliking a protagonist more than I dislike Rachel.  However, the pace of the story is fast and it really sucks you in!  I'm not sure that I liked it, but I couldn't stop reading it.
Predictable and a bit mundane.
Too boring. Never finished it.
Poorly written. Don't bother!!
300-ish pages to say not much.
Kind of slow and predictable .
Tedious, vet disappointing. Jl
started off well, went downhil
Enjoyed it. Loved how the point of view was from an unexpected main character. You want to keep reading until you find out what happened. However, there is a point that it becomes obvious who was involved before you read the climax.
The first page of this book didn't thrill me and I thought I'd read 3 or 4 before I quit.  By then I was hooked and finished the book in a day and a half during and otherwise busy schedule.  It was riveting.  I couldn't put it down.
Let me clarify by stating I read until I can barely keep my eyes open - if a book catches my interest.  This took me 2 days to get thru as I had to keep putting it down.  Not sure what all the uproar was about but I found it boring.
Although it started off slow it picked up pace and had a surprise ending.  Can't go into details because it will spoil it for other who haven't read it.  Would I recommend it Yes.  Is the writing style different yes but interesting.
I especially enjoyed reading in alternating persons as I got to see what each person felt and saw.<br/><br/>I was also anxious to finish this book to see "who done it".<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to my friends.
I found the flipping from one character's narrative to another's in different timeframes to be highly annoying.  Also the tedious self-reflection became tiresome.  It was on okay book.  I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to anyone.
It is difficult to like anyone in this story, or relate to them. That being said, I must have enjoyed it because I told many friends about the intriguing plot. The writer can deliver a mystery, which i enjoy, from various perspectives.
This was a very weird book...........  I kept reading it because it was chosen for our book club read.  I don't think I would have finished if that weren't the case.  That being said, a very good portrayal of a very sad lady........
The author is very gifted in being able to build suspense. I was kept guessing all the way to the end as to who do it. Toward the end of the book I made sure I only read when someone else was home and the lights were on. Great read!
I have to give it two stars because I finished the book and the ending was a bit more satisfying. Otherwise, it's a one star for character development, writing style and meaning (or lack thereof).  An attempt at a British Gone Girl?
This book is a huge disappointment.  It was supposed to be the next Gone Girl and it was a pale imitation at best.  The hero was not very likable and did not care much for the other characters.  Don't waste your time on this drivel.
Much as I thought it impossible, this book is even worse than "Gone Girl"!  Neither of the books deserved the attention accorded them. They are definitely not great literary works.  Obviously I did not like the book one bit.
Good writing and a good and unique story.  This mystery novel was a page turner that kept me guessing until the last chapter.  If you like studying dysfunctional people then this is the book for you.  It should be made into a movie.
The Girl on the Train was a fantastic and quick read.  A perfect summer beach book!  The story was a little confusing in places because of the many shifts in perspective and time, but if you stick with it, you won't be disappointed.
At first I didn't notice there was more than one person telling their story so it was somewhat confusing.  I had to back track one I figured it out.  It was very slow, but I like how you don't know what really happened until the end
This book starts in a rather slow and depressing way so it is difficult to "get into."  The writing is strong and the story is well crafted.  Some parts of it still haunt me and toward the end it is definitely a page turner.
It's been on the best seller list for weeks and I can't understand what all the fuss is about.  It was an interesting read, somewhat frustrating and confusing.  I felt sorry for the "girl" who was a real psychological study.
Good psychological drama and the characters are interesting.  The book moved fast and held my interest, but I expected a bit more of a twist.  The ending was too predicable.  But the writing was good and it kept me reading the book.
Characters are not likeable but I guess that's vital to the story. I like the pace and that you get accounts from each main character. The plot is suspenseful, but not hard to decipher way before it's time to figure out who done it.
I really enjoyed this book!  It was compared to Gone Girl, which was an ok book, but I think this outshine Gone Girl and I liked the ending better!  Great writer as well, which is also nice.  Definitely would recommend reading this.
One of the better books I have read in awhile.  The author does a good job of building the story out of an assortment of seemingly unrelated events and sequences.  You'll be guessing until the very end who did what to whom and when.
The kind of book that sucks you in from the very first page. Full of surprising twists and turns. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a good thriller. Complex and well developed characters are the best part of this book.
It was no Gone Girl, but it was a good book.  Nothing like the twists and turns of Gone Girl and I figured out the killer early on.  I did enjoy the book and would recommend it, but don't think it should be called the new Gone Girl.
I enjoyed the story line.  It was suspenseful....but a bit predictable. I also found there to be much repetition in the story as the author wrote the same events from different character's experiences...well written and quick paced!
I needed the summary book to help understand who, what, and where was going on. Some in our bookclub had to take notes to understand what was going on.  This book was very interesting and different with each character in 1st person.
Excellent book! Well-developed, clearly distinguishable characters. I hate when I have to stop and try to figure out which person is currently being talked about. Not a problem here. Fast-paced, but easy to follow. Hard to put down.
Once I started reading I could not stop. Thrilling suspenseful and filled with great characters. Next time I ride the train I will be remembering this novel and will be much more aware of my surroundings and the mysteries they hold.
I was lost with the characters to begin with and felt like it was fairly slow moving.  Read it for my Book Club.  Am anxious to see how the rest of my group liked it.  Not sure it deserves to be Number One on the Best Seller list???
I would give this novel 3.5 stars if that were an option. I was interested throughout the book, but the characters felt too thin. I love page-turners, though, and I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a suspenseful read.
Plot has interesting twists which is the only reason I kept reading. As you get to know the characters you really do not like any of them. Gone Girl was much more compelling of a story even if those characters were equally pathetic.
It's a good story but you need to keep track of the dates, the story moves back and forth thru time.  All chapters are written in the first person which is not one of my favorite styles.  It is a page turner though, no denying that.
When you read this book, pay close attention to the date at the start of each chapter.  Some chapters are in the present and others are flashbacks to the past.  Good use of very believable characters yet still surprising in the end.
Not going to win any awards, but it was a good book. It was an engaging story, at times suspenseful. I did not like the main character, she was too pathetic for me to even like. I would recommend this book- esp as a rainy wknd read.
Not sure why there are bad reviews of this novel. It's gripping, well done, and keeps the reader turning the pages. I read it in two sittings, it's that quick and, I believe, that compelling.<br/><br/>The main character, Rachel, is an alcoholic who has lost her job but continues to wake up at her regular time and ride the train into the city and home again in the evening to make the woman she rents a small, stifling room from believe she still has a job and can continue paying the rent. Rachel is one mixed-up lady and blacks out fairly regularly, which explains her at-times erratic behavior and the gaps in her memory when trying to piece together important facts to help solve the crime of what happened to her former neighbor and half of the couple she fantasizes about on her journey to and from "work" daily.<br/><br/>I found Rachel to be a thoroughly believable character whose self-proclaimed "overactive imagination" and her lack of a life explains her actions and desire to insert herself into the story of the romance between "Jess" and "Jason" and then into the mystery that she becomes an integral part of.<br/><br/>I would guess that a great majority of readers who start The Girl on the Train will be gripped by the premise and the mystery and won't want to put it down until the final page.
Captivating story.  It is well written with believable characters and great pacing.  Haven't all of us made up stories about other people we don't even know but whose face we see everyday on a train, bus, sidewalk, etc.?  Loved it.
I chose this rating because really like t he book but I think the author could work on the bad words I'm ten and I dint think oth e f kids who read this book will want to read or hear those words that was a dumb idea for the author
Much to my surprise.  Then again I wasn't sure why I was reading this.  The style of writing was tedious at times. I'd get lost in the narrative until something was said or referenced that told me which character I was listening to
I had high expectations for this book but was disappointed. The main character was frustratingly destructive. I became inpatient with her inane decisions. The ending also was somewhat predictable once my suspicions became apparent.
From the moment you read the first two lines, you are taken by the plot, the flawless way it's written, the characters. One of the best books I have read in recent years.<br/>I gladly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good read.
Couldn, t understand why this book is so popular. Normally I wouldn't have finished it but I stuck it out and it didn't get any more interesting. I guess we were supposed to know who the murderer is early on because it was obvious.
This novel provides a superb example of what we English teachers call unreliable characters.  It was fun to follow the twists and turns as the characters revealed their thoughts and feelings, which were not always the actual facts.
This is a book you look forward to picking up and dread having to put down.  The story itself is excellent and the writing style is so easy to follow so the story flows.  The characters capture you and surprise you and involve you.
This was a good book!  Although hard to distinguish from other books of the same type - girl goes missing, who did it, oh that guy type of thing.  It kept me interested though, would recommend to others looking for a mild thriller.
Not a bad read, but I had high expectations and was waiting the entire time for an "oh my god" moment which for me, never came! Still, if you're looking for a book which keeps you turning the pages then I would recommend it
I enjoyed the story but it became a bit predictable at the end. Will buy a ticket if it comes out in movie form. The book held my interest and it was easy to read. No problem keeping the characters straight. Recommended it to many.
It was unique. It was dark the entire book. It did seem to go on and on...There was quite a twist in the last part. And I did read the entire book and if it had not been good enough to keep my attention, I would not have continued.
Not my favorite read of late, but with that said I finished it. One point to watch is the dates on each chapter.  Less confusing that way. The reader will be involved in the mystery and will want to figure it out.  Have fun trying.
Loved this book, got frustrated with my boss when I had to pause to answer her question. Haha so good. Enjoyed every minute. Each character was very detailed and interesting to get to know. I got very emotionally tied to this book.
The plot was interesting and best read quickly. If put down for a few days would have to review. I found some difficulty in reading several characters all speaking in first person. Moved much more quickly toward the end of the book
If I could have given this book less than 1 star I would have.  EVERY character is so unlikable.  Not sure why I continued to read it, except that I convinced myself that it had to get better.  I was wrong!  Complete waste of time.
I don't want to compare this book to any other.  It's so great all on its own. So many twists.  So many people you think you know but you don't.  I want to read it all over again.  I want to see the movie.  There has to be a movie.
When I started reading this it just seemed kind of wierd and I wasn't sure I'd finish it. Not long after thinking this I'd realized how wrong I was....What a great book!! I have recommended it to everyone I know that loves reading.
Once you get used to hearing the differing accounts of the three women, often discussing the same event, but with very different takes, you find that the can't all be right....and that someone is likely the killer. But which one???
The Girl on the Train is a real page-turner, the kind of book that is hard to put down, that you keep thinking about and can't wait to get back to. The writing is excellent, and the characters so real they are like people you know.
Purchased this after reading a review in a magazine I had bought.  It did not disappoint.  You did not know where the story would lead until the final end.  I was amazed at the ending and did not see it coming.  Would recommend it.
Not quite what I was expecting but a very strong start and very good description of the "girl" and her life. Found it quite compelling reading and a satisfactory outcome and would certainly want to read more by this author.
This book is very well written, with excellent character development.  Suspense builds throughout. I must say it is a very depressing read, although the story ends well on a satisfying note. I look forward to more from this author.
I enjoyed reading The Girl on the Train for the first 3/4 of the book but was a bit disappointed in the last quarter.  The plot  twist was a bit forced and I didn't buy the ending.  All in all though, it's an entertaining thriller.
This was a fun, quick read.  Although written in kind of traditional "chick lit" style, it has darker and more interesting themes.  The characters are all very flawed, but in a way that still makes them interesting to read.
A very unique concept of how total strangers become involved..  At times it can be a little confusing as the characters and time switch back and forth at each chapter. It is not really a page turner, but keeps the reader interested
Great story. Got angry at Rachel .. author portrayed her as she was, a confused, sad, woman with little to no self confidence. All predicated by her relationship with her husband. Good read. Easy read. Make a great movie.  Read it.
Great book to get into and I like the twist at the end ! I would recommend this book and say it's a page turner . You really get involved into it .I'm loving reading now and found another author to follow.happy reading everyone :)
Great book to read for a summer surprise.  The author pushes the story along at a good pace and keeps the reader interested at each turn.<br/>Most people can relate to the story which makes it a good book for reading this summer.
While I felt it not the best most articulately written book, I did feel the story to be very well thought out and interesting.<br/>I am not a lover of mystery but this kept me wanting more and in the end satisfied<br/>Well done.
This was a big, ol' hot mess in my opinion. Nothing Hitchockian about it.  Had there been but one likable character in it, I might have given it two stars.  I couldn't wait to get to the end, which was unsurprisingly unsatisfying.
The protagonist is an alcoholic, lying busybody with an overactive imagination.  There is not one character who is sympathetic or someone I would  like to know. This book is a total waste of time, it wasn't even that well written.
Chose this book based on NY Times best seller list to take on vacation. It proved to be entertaining but, not riveting or suspenseful on any level. Character development needed some more depth too. I'd recommend for light reading.
As a fan of mystery stories, I had read reviews hoping this one would be as good as expected. It was okay but not great. Interesting plot but rather sad characters. But it would probably make a good film in the genre of Gone Girl.
This book is the definition of a page turner! Excellent characters, great storyline and well written. I couldn't figure out who did it until the very end. Lots of twists and turns. You will love this if you like murder mysteries!!
i ENJOYED THE BOOK, IT WAS QUITE DIFFERENT, THE CHARACTERS OBSERVATIONS FROM THE TRAIN, AND WHAT REALLY WAS GOING ON WAS FASINATING.  THE CHARACTERS WERE WELL THOUGHT  OUT AND PROFOUND.  THE BOOK WAS BOTH EXCITING AND INTERESTING.
I found the suspense lasted th f2f tough a good portion of the book.  However I was not a fan of all the alcohol.  I did not expect her to have such as strong demons and although it helped with the intrigue it was too much for me.
Twists and turns with great character development. One you won't want to put down. Train rides and peeking out the windows into houses and people's lives create a perfect opportunity to lead the reader on the plot discovery trail.
I do not understand why this  book has been hyped as the book of the month or whatever.  It is a bit of a confusing read but not hard to figure out what is going on and who is doing what. I would not recommend this book to anyone.
I really liked this book even though I was unfamiliar with the author. The characters are wonderful and the story was intriguing with a lot of surprises. I'm a fan of Paula Hawkins now. It makes sense it is on the bestseller list.
Left me wanting more!  I eked out my reading it for a few days since I didn't want to finish it.  The writing was excellent, the descriptions of all of the people was excellent!  Really did not see the end coming!  Excellent read!
I do not like weak women and Rachel I lost patience with quickly.  I would have hoped she would have returned to Kamal for help.  Felt the book was dragged out too long.  The one redeeming quality the killer gets what he deserves!
I decided to read this because I didn't have much time, and wanted a quick, easy red I didn't have to think much about. I was so surprised! The writing was good, it flowed, and since the story alternates between the point of view of the three female characters (Rachel, Anna, Megan) no single "personality" drones on too long. I found the character development to be excellent. No one was a perfect, magnificent, unattainable superhuman. Each character (even the beautiful ones) was flawed, and had their own issues. As these issues came out, it made the reader understand what made each person tick, how each person had gotten to where they were now. They became human, likable or not. I thought the writing style was great, she has a flow, she has a good vocabulary but it is never pretentious, and I found the book to be a page turner. It's not an uplifting. 'feel good" book, the characters are broken, and the crime is dark, but it was very interesting. I definitely recommend this book.
This was a fast dramatic read. I liked the suspense and drown out climactic conflicts. The characters all seemed like the same person, but otherwise, and entertaining ride.
I'd highly recommend this book if you're looking for one of those "can't put down" thrillers. I finished this book in less than 24 hours because the writer keeps you wanting more! I'm excited to read more from the author.
I am shocked that I could not put the book down. It is not the type of story I am normally interested in, but the incredible reality of the characters' thoughts and emotions spurred me on. An absolute masterpiece of written word.
I figured it out before I wanted to, but it didn't make me hate the wingl wrong person. You'll get used to the back after forth timeline. Already knew it was Emily Blunt, but she's who I would have pictured anyway. Great casting.
Paula Hawkins tries to keep this book suspenseful. There is little character development and not much happens to move the plot along. This reads like the basis for a screen play or made for TV movie. Perhaps, the author's intent.
In the end I enjoyed reading this book. It was hard reading in the beginning. I guessed the ending wrong, that was great. The book jumps from person to person. I sometimes had to go back and see the character I was reading about.
A Girl on the Train had me on the edge of my seat as I turned each page.  Who was good - who was evil - who was telling the truth - who was lying?? Although I had guesses along the way - I wasn't certain until the last few pages!
I enjoyed the way this book was written - from three different perspectives. The shifting viewpoints leant themselves well to the drama and suspense. Made me question who was really telling the truth, kept me guessing. Good read!
Very engaging. I finished in 2 days. Love how the story is told from different character's perspectives, urging the reader to draw some conclusions, while second-guessing, the whole way along. Good read with relatable characters.
It was difficult for me to finish this book because I just did not care about any of the characters!  I really did not "like" any of them enough to care what happened to them!  I did finish the book but it was a struggle.
Fascinating development, suspenseful. all coming together at the end. So twisted and dark in the beginning I almost put it down thinking "why bother?"  I am so glad I trusted the reviews and read it through to the ending.
Too long. Lots of repetition. I wanted to stop reading long before the end, but decided to plug on for the "surprise ending." I guess it was somewhat of a surprise (1 on a scale of 1-10), but not worth the long way there.
I loved this book. It kept me on the edge of my seat and just when I thought I had everything figured out, I totally didn't have anything figured out.  I thought the characters were well planned, and the story line was fantastic.
Could hardly put this book down! The different dates and narrators with each chapter was confusing at first but it started coming together rapidly half way into the story. Would love to see a sequel written of the heroine's life.
In some ways reminded me of Gone Girl.  I liked the twists & turns.  The first person narratives were a good touch.  Wasn't sure of the killer until a third man was said to be Megan`s baby`s father.  Better ending than Gone Girl.
Such a fun read! Great mix of Rear Window & Gone Girl, and some of the BEST character writing I've ever enjoyed. The women were as interesting as in White Oleander, just with more left to the imagination. Excellent story. So fun.
You won't be able to put it down! The heroine is majority messed up but is trying so hard to do the right thing. Will her interference cost her everything? Or free her from her sadness?<br/><br/>A perfect "who done it" and why!
This book gripped me from the beginning. I was immediately interested in the characters and the story kept me guessing. Loved this book! Only four stars because the ending was a tad predictable, but otherwise really well written.
I have been waiting a long time for a good book that I couldn't put down and knew I found it after the first 3 pages of this book.<br/>The Girl on the Train is a fantastic quick read that I have recommended to all of my friends.
This story is told from multiple perspectives that make for a very interesting read. The first chapter is a little weird/boring but KEEP READING! The story unwinds to many twists and turns that you won't see coming. A must read!!
Somehow the alcoholic's travels in and of reality were more for a medical report than a good mystery novel.  Paula Hawkins, does write well and holds one's interest pretty well, but overall, I wouldn't recommend it to my friends.
This book is touted as equivalent to Gone Girl, but is not of that caliber. The book is not very interesting. I am an avid reader and have been working on this book for a couple weeks. It just can't hold my attention or interest.
I enjoyed the read and found it hard to put down.  Some characters were one-dimensional and some a little more developed.  Some interesting plot twists and the killer was a bit of a surprise.  Not high literature but a good read.
This book was fast paced and I enjoyed it. I did not give it 5 stars because it is chick-lit and I felt it lacked intellectual substance. However, it was a good story and I was compelled to keep reading to find out what happened.
The plot is fairly interesting, but the red herring(s) are not believable.  One in particular, the red haired man who continues to pop up, should have been involved in the resolution.<br/>Not a novel I will recommend to friends.
Sorting out the characters was confusing in the beginning due to all the "jumping around" but that eventually resolved itself.  Some unexpected twists and turns.....all in all a good read.  And with an unexpected ending!!
Do not recommend. For some strange reason it is a bestseller. It has latched on, I think, to a really great novel with the words 'Girl and Gone' in the title. I found this novel dry as a bone, and not at all entertaining to read.
This is a book that keeps you turning pages. I'd decide to just finish a chapter, but then I would be unable to put it down and have to read the next one. Some humor, much mystery, and flawed characters made for a wonderful read.
I loved this book. I like her writing style. It really took hold of me. I could not put this book down! I even made hubby read it so that we could discuss it.  Paula Hawkins if your reading this write more like this! YOU GO GIRL!
Found Paula's writing to be superb.  Want to now read more of her work. Loved the romance and mystery entwined.  Being divorced I also understood a lot of the emotions that evolved.  I would recommend to all female adult readers.
This is a very depressing novel but is compelling.  You do not put this book down until the end.  The lives of the characters are hard to sympathize with but never the less you feel for each and everyone as this story progresses.
While this book has an unusual format, the author doesn't give his readers anything to grasp.  His characters are flat, despicable, and shadows. They all seem to wander around with nothing much to do. This mystery has no mastery.
I was sucked into this book almost immediately. It has the quality of Alfred Hitchcock 's Rear Window an  I just couldn't wait to find out what actually happened. I'll be looking forward to other books by Hawkins- enjoy the ride!
I hesitated buying this book due to all the hype it has received and the comparisons to Hitchcock as well as comparing it to a Gillian Flynn book. Books with this much hype, rarely live up to it, and I figured this book would be no different, but when I was at Barnes & Noble and between it being on sale, my member discount, and a coupon I think I got 60% off and figured at that price it was worth it. It turns out it was well worth it.<br/>For a first time book it was very good. The story flows well the only similarity to Gillian Flynn is that this book is also told in the past and present and from multiple viewpoints.<br/>The outline on the book flap is accurate a girl on a train sees something out of the ordinary and that unleashes a number of events. The reason the book doesn't get five stars is that it is really hard to sympathize or want to root for any of the main characters, each is morally, emotionally, or psychologically bankrupt in one way or another, but for a first book it kept my attention, kept me wanting to Finnish the story- even though the reader will likely figure out the perpetrator of all that goes wrong- at least by half way through the book, but it is doubtful the reader will understand the why until the very end which is why the book works.<br/>It will be interesting to see what this author does next.
Not very excited with this book, it was confusing, repetitive and I considered not finishing it (which I NEVER do!). I cannot recommend it. As usual I finished it hoping that it would be better as it went along....no such thing.
Gone Girl meets Fatal Attraction.  Lots of twists and turns.  Format of different women's perspectives is wildly interesting.  Reads like a voyeuristic roller coaster.  You're surprised at the end by who the crazy one really is.
This is a well-written novel. I found it a bit confusing at first with character names and dates as chapter titles, but was able fall into the rhythm of the book as it progressed. It's always a plus when the ending surprises me!
The book was good and kept my interest.  When reading the beginning, make sure you are paying attention, I got a little confused at first but then caught on.  Enjoyed the story.  Recommended by a friend and was not disappointed.
I enjoyed this book, although I guess from what I had heard, I was expecting more.  Good surprise ending.  It's written with each chapter from another person's perspective.  Books like that are interesting I think.  A good read.
Paula Hawkins owned me while i read this book.  Which i might add only took 3 sittings to complete.  I could not put this book down, had to force myself to do so.  Wonderful, fast paced read pushing you to the ending, wonderful!
Outstanding novel which takes you on a journey you could never imagine where it might end.  Excellent character depictions and storyline!!!  I'm looking forward to reading another by this author immediately!!!  Fantastic read!!!
The book was very good, a twist like in "gone girl" , when you thing it's going one way then you get a little further into the book, and you think it could be this character, then it changes again , I enjoyed the book very much.
This book started out a bit slow but as the story progressed I was captivated and couldn't wait to get back to it.  The author tells the story from different character's perspective and that keeps one guessing as to the outcome.
Very disappointed. Almost if not every character is unlike able. The multiple narrators caused confusion at times, particularly as the time frames didn't coincide. Gone Girl is far superior. Left me not caring what happened next
It's been a long time since I've picked up a book and read it from start to finish. While the main character has many flaws and makes bad choices, I still felt like there had to be more. And I found more, a very satisfying read.
A very interesting story that engages the reader from Page 1 and continues to twist and turn throughout. Really liked the premise, the author's attention to detail and clear descriptions and the story that was told. Recommended!
It was an OK book.  But, I don't think it was all it was "cracked up" to be.<br/>It skipped around too much and  sometimes I didn't know who was speakng.<br/><br/>Frankly, I was disappointed.  I expected more mystery.
I loved this book.  Lots of twists and turns and not predictable as many are.  Would definitely recommend this book.  Have never read Paula Hawkins before but will look for more books from her.  You won't be able to put it down.
This book was compelling, but did not have one character that I would care to know personally.  They were all pretty superficial, selfish and generally worthless human beings.  So I would not seek out other books by this author.
It began so interesting.  Then you realize all of the women are a little (a lot) off and later you realize all the main men are a little (a lot) off too.  It became tedious by the end and I really didn't care who was the killer.
Very clever potboiler with powerful characters in a believably dark world of predators and misfits. It will not get to be literary book of the year but it is very well written and a lot of fun.<br/>I can recommend it to anyone.
5 stars for one of my most favorite reads! There were so many twists and turns my head was spinning. Sometimes a mystery leaves me wanting more but this concludes nicely, like the end of a good bottle of wine.<br/>Great author!
This was long drawn out, and nowhere near as clever as Gone Girl.  It is a mystery, with little in common with that book. The story goes on long after I lost interest, long after anybody figures it out, long after anybody cares.
This book is a good quick read for a weekend or flight. It's a bit fluffy, but entertaining anyway. It tries hard not to be predictable, but I figured it out fairly early on in the story. Still, it will likely make a good movie.
This book was very well written.  There were lots of plot twists and turns and up to almost the very end the reader was not sure who committed the murder.  Great characters and an interesting plot.  Strongly recommend this book.
Had trouble at first, trying to figure out all the characters and who was doing what,<br/>But it didn't take long and the story line kicked in and really held my interest.<br/>Loved the suspense and the ending was really good!
This book is so poorly written I can not believe it was a best seller and do not recommend it to anyone .<br/>3 silly witless abused women and 2 violent men.<br/>The most abused person in the book?... is the person reading it.
Story telling at it's finest.  I was 125th in line for this book at the local library but after reading the sample via kindle there was no way I was going to wait a year or more to read it.  Totally worth the 8.99 Kindle price!!
Quite readable and fast moving.  Strongly reminiscent of "Gone Girl".  Really liked Hawkins' devoice of telling the story from the viewpoints of the three female characters.  Have already recommended this to many fiends.
This was a very catchy book for me.  I found myself in "Her World" a lot of the time when I wasn't even reading.  I had to hurry through my daily errands to get back to it.  I hope you will all enjoy it as much as I did.
This book is a great thriller. Really keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time! Paula Hawkins writing is descriptive and every sentence paints a clear picture of the scenes. Would definitely recommend to anyone to read.
This story kept my interest throughout.  The character development is good even if the plot is improbable.  The description of the narrator's struggles with alcoholism were vivid and painfully accurate.  It is a good quick read.
This book was nothing like I expected.  When I read the first chapter I wasn't sure it was going to be something I liked but I didn't give up and before I knew it, I couldn't put it down.  Was a good read with unexpected twists.
So I did figure it out before I believe we were supposed to but what a great suspense thriller!  This is most likely the next 'Gone Girl' type movie.  I did not want it to end but thank goodness it did because I need some sleep!
A real page-turner!  It was hard to put it down.  The progression of the story with the twists & turns of the character's development/actions kept me glued to the pages to see what was going to happen next!  Highly recommended.
Very easy and spellbinding book.  However I figured out who the killer was before the author established that there had been a murder.  Still I enjoyed watching it play out.  Recommend it for anyone who enjoys a "Who Done It ".
I found it very depressing.  It was the story of three emotionally defeated young women and how their lives were intertwined.  Although the story moved along, the pace didn't move along fast enough to counteract the depression.
One of the most gripping and intense books I've ever read, perfect for Gone Girl fans. Great though slightly predictable twist in the end. I would highly recommend this book for anyone wanting a quick, exciting read. Loved it!!
I've read quite a few suspense thrillers but I have to say this one had me puzzled.  The twists and turns led me in a couple of directions of "who did it."  Hawkins spun a book that I would suggest everyone should read!
Was not fully impressed with this book.  Very slow in the beginning.  In fact I put it down and only came back because I had finished my other books.  My only question was where was the main character getting the money to live?
Really liked the storyline, the different characters and points of view.  Could imagine this as a movie.  The mystery of 'who done it' was not that surprising, but all in all a great book.  I've recommended it to a few friends!
It was entertaining.  The thing is I hated all of the characters.  They were just awful each in their own way.  I actually like this.  The un-sub wasn't evident to me until near the end.  There are better books, but still good.
Interesting plot twists.  I like the way that the book was written from the point of view of many of the characters.  Although the book was not very well written, it did keep my interest and I was surprised with the plot twist.
This was a very interesting and entertaining story. It gradually drew you in and was difficult to put down. I loved the characters and the way that they slowly developed. The story line kept you guessing right up until the end.
I haven't finished this book. I shall, when I feel like tackling something that is sort of boring. The protagonist is boring...I am hoping for something interesting and will finish the book....Then, I hope my opinion is better.
Time shifts and alternating POVs made this more confusing than suspenseful.<br/>No one to like, root for, care about...<br/>Perhaps my expectations were too high...especially after the thrill ride that was "Gone Girl"
Didn't know if I was going to like this one. But once I started to read it was hard to put down.  I had to stay up reading until 1:00 AM to finish.  I know that I would not get to sleep until I finished.  Would read her again.
At first I felt like the book was dragging a little bit but it still had me wanting to read more and it really took me for a ride in the end. Great read overall, I wanted to be lost in a story and this book definitely did that.
The writer makes you dislike the main character in this fast paced novel.  It's hard to read a character that has so little self esteem, but it was intriguing. The story kept me involved and wanting to delve deeper.  Well done.
Great build up of the story, suspense throughout. The main character, Rachel, is very credible and her story compelling. Definitive pageturner. The characters are distinct and easy to visualise. Definitely recommend this book!!
Yes, the protagonist is an unpleasant drunk, but that doesn't stop the story from holding  the interest of the reader. I usually know who did it within the first chapter, it was nice to be kept guessing until the end this time.
I read the book  because it was a  bestseller.  At first, I started to stop reading,  but the plot pulled me in.  The format of just "telling" made for difficult reading, but I got into the story, I could not put down the book!
If you liked Gone Girl, you would love this novel. It perfectly ties everything together in the end but keeps you hanging by a thread for a majority of the book. Absolutely loved it. Finished it in 2 days. Couldn't put it down.
I loved this book. Downloaded it on my Kindle on a whim, and it's the best book I've read in a long time. I couldn't put it down! It did remind me of Gone Girl in many ways, but I think I might like Girl on the Train even more.
I really loved this book. The plot was fantastic and got me interested from the beginning. I couldn't put it down. I loved the characters and cringed when they did things that I wouldn't do - but what a great story. Read it!!!!
This was very entertaining.  I didn't think it was quite as suspenseful as "Gone Girl" but yet very fun.  It was hard to like Rachel at first which made it slightly hard to get into, but after a while I softened to her.
Quite enjoyed this - got impatient with it a bit, I can see it making a movie before too long.  A quick read, holiday book. Interesting developing story, as a sometime train user, its true you acn make a story of things you see.
It twists and turns until it's going to wherever you're not expecting. It actually has a satisfying ending. Reminds me of "Gone Girl", but with another remarkable ending. I'm looking for the author's next book as you read this.
I was completely immersed, grabbed me on page one and never let go!  Anxiously awaiting her followup!  Can already feel the loss now that I 've finished.  All the requirements for great storytelling, Paula Hawkins is brilliant!
I devoured this book. Literally. I begrudgingly started this book around noon when my computer crashed and I was bored as could be. The first chapter I found really boring honestly. I wasn't interested, wasn't invested. Rachel's character was...odd and depressing. But it picked up and I found myself in bed at 2 AM flipping through the very last pages. I read the entire thing in one day.<br/><br/>I found the main character Rachel cringe-worthy in the best kind of way. The way that when she woke up the next morning after having done something stupid I would literally feel embarrassed or anxiety with her. She made many, many mistakes and every single time I just had to shake my head and mutter "Oh Rachel."<br/><br/>I was really rooting for her though, I think it was sort of like the underdog thing. I was also really rooting for Megan, the missing girl, to be found safe and alive, really hoping she had just run off with her lover.<br/><br/>I was obsessed with figuring things out, connecting pieces and the story every step of the way, back tracking and changing my theory every other chapter. I rarely read thrillers and mysteries, but this was fabulous. Loved to hate the characters, hated to love them.<br/><br/>I'm already passing the sucker down around my friends. Truly an awesome read.
Written by a Brit, takes place in England and I enjoyed the British references and the terms they use for liquor stores, convenience stores, automobiles, cell phones, etc.  Plot kept me guessing till the end. I'd recommend it.
I really enjoyed this book. Makes me want to read more like it. I loved the mystery in it. And it was written in a different way that made it more interesting. I would recommend this book if you like mystery and crime solving.
There was a lot of suspense in this novel, yet it was somewhat frustrating with the crazy decisions that Rachel would make, although an addict will never think of consequences as long as they don't see the folly of their ways.
I liked the book.  It was talked up so much by the media that maybe my expectations were set too high. The ending was not a surprise to me, but perhaps I was looking for the "surprise". I am looking forward to a movie!
I really enjoyed reading this book.  The plot drew me in immediately and I found it difficult to put the book down!  The story has a "Gone Girl" feel to it...full of suspense and mystery.  Definitely a good beach read!
The plot of the book was interesting and kept me from walking away, but there really weren't any characters I liked.  The women were all neurotic and the men felt like cardboard characters.  I don't really recommend this book.
I found the three main characters well developed... but I didn't like them...didn't enjoy the book.  If it had not been required for a Book Club I would have stopped reading it.  Women were too needy, depressed, alcoholic etc.
I really enjoyed the book. It was fast paced like a train ride. I don't know why people keep comparing it with the Gone Girl. It's a totally different story but very nice. The ending was unexpected. I didn't see that coming :)
Very entertaining and kept me on my toes trying to figure out who dun it!  Sometimes got confusing with the chapters switching back and forth on the time frames and characters.  If you loved Gone Girl you will LIKE this novel.
it took awhile to get my interest.  I liked the ending the best.  I figured out 3/4 of the way through the book who the killer was. I glad the main character finally got it together it was painful  reading about her addiction.
A disappointing psycho-thriller, a little like Gone Girl.  Unbelievable characters, mixed up in sordid affairs..almost hard to keep track of who's how.  After the favorable reviews, I could hardly wait for it to be wrapped up.
I agree with most other people, it's been on best-seller lists for months, and it is an engrossing story.  The characters seemed realistic although the villain was maybe a bit over the top at the end!  All in all a great read.
There are lots of twists and turns in this novel. It started out slowly and rather depressing but that all changed, from then on it was hard to put down. It was a good read and a quick one. It would be be good for plane rides.
There are several stories being told simultaneously in this novel. At first it seems confusing, but it all comes together at the end. It is well written and keeps you engrossed.  A thriller and page-turner, well worth reading!
Very good read. At first I was a little confused by the characters. It kind of bounces back and forth. But as I continued to read, it all fell into place. There are some twists. It reminded me of Gone Girl. Really enjoyed it !
The multi perspective asynchronous format makes for a gripping storyline reminiscent of Gone Girl. I was surprised with the ending and overall enjoyed this book! A relative quick book perfect for an entertaining vacation read.
Good read!  As has been said before, if  you like Jodi Picoult's writing this one will be right up your alley! Irritating errors that an editor should have gotten..or a proofreader makes the rating four rather than five stars.
Fast read, an engaging, contemporary mystery.  Good for folks who like crime solving.  Well written with strong character development and just the right number of characters. Liked the descriptive location development as well.
I really enjoyed it, but I started reading on the Kindle and had to go buy the book because I kept getting confused by the narrator shifts.  Once I had the book, it was easy to check back and see which character was narrating.
I couldn’t put this book down, and yet I wanted to parcel my reading out only pages at a time to keep it going.  Rachel, Anna, Tom, Megan -- none of them is what they initially seem.  Find a couple of hours and read this book.
As the story begins, we meet a downtrodden girl who lives a secretive life. Her story slowly unfolds throughout this book. We are taken through many twists and turns as we learn that things are not always what they seem to be.
It was okay. It had me up until the big reveal. I think the author could have done better character development and, because she did not, it became predictable. I would attempt another book from her and hope for a better read.
I really loved this book. Super easy, quick read that I had a hard time putting down! Had me guessing until the very end. Which is rare because I usually guess most book endings midway through. Great character development too.
I enjoyed the book but was not on the edge of your seat page turner. Easy read. Good read for someone to finish in a day or two only 300 some odd pages don't want to discuss the book because to say anything might be a spoiler.
It took a while for me to get into this style of writing, but once I did the story progressed at a faster pace. I feel unfulfilled because there was not enough character development for me, I was left with a lot of questions.
Got tired of the constant train rides! Thought red bearded man would play more of a role in the story. Hard to imagine being married to someone for so many years and not realizing he was being physically and verbally abusive.
As much as this book was hyped I found it very slow getting started. It didn't really peak my interest until about mid-way through the book. It did finish on a high note, though, because I certainly didn't predict the ending!
What an excellent book! The author successfully represents beautifully twisted minds. The structure of the chapters is imprisoning. There is no way to start reading it and not wanting to keep turning pages. Unexpected ending.
I absolutely loved this book. Each chapter is written from a main characters perspective. It starts in the present, but goes back in time eventually the timelines meet. It is one of the best suspense novels I've read in ages.
i enjoyed reading this book and it definitely pulled me in after just a couple chapters. This was definitely one of those books where what you think will happen won't. If you liked reading Gone Girl then you'll like this one!
Did not particularly like this book.  Writing style was very confusing, added to the confused mental state of the characters involved.  It was almost like one person with several different personalities.  Not a pleasant read.
An interesting read, I am somewhat familiar with British suburban trains, which is where a majority of the story takes place. I figured out who did it long before it was revealed, so from that standpoint, a bit disappointing.
Good story but you must keep up with the story jumping from the present to the past and since all characters tell their version of events in the first person it can get confusing as to who is currently the focus of the story.
I enjoyed this book and appreciated the depths of the story, but it wasn't a light beach read.  It's a dark journey into the complexities of broken minds and relationships.  Well-crafted and well-paced.  Definitely memorable.
I was very disappointed in this book. The lack of redeeming features in the characters and the gutter language they used were turnoffs<br/>to me, as a reader, looking for an uplifting and inspiring story to hold my interest.
I was disappointed with this book.  It was on the best seller list and so I thought I'd love it.  I found it dark and depressing throughout.  The story was interesting and so I finished it but I wouldn't recommend it.  Sorry.
This mixed up story with all it's twists and turns got very old very fast. I could not identify with a single character, thank heavens, and I got tired of all the verbiage regarding what they were thinking. Not worth reading.
The book was hard to put down. Reading this book opens your eyes to how you could get caught up in peoples lives when you see them each and every day. This book was full of twists and turns and i would probable read it again.
The ending was a little surprising, but I did like the different point of view from each character. The main character, Rachel, was a bit pathetic and Megan was also not what she seemed, but overall I liked. I did NOT LOVE it
No wonder this was listed as #1 seller on kindle books for months. Great, interesting and twisted story with tons of life lessons. Very quick and light read. I promise that the last 100 pages you will not be able to put down.
The main character is a complete wreck but you love her and she's relatable, almost uncannily enough for anyone that's been through a bad breakup like her.  I didn't expect it to be a thriller but pleasantly surprised it was.
I enjoyed the book. I really did not figure out who the murderer was until the end.  It was a page turner for me. Not quite a "5" star, however, to compare I gave "Gone Girl" a five star.  More suspenseful....
The book was decent - a bit difficult to keep all the characters straight (or timelines) as the narration jumped between people. In all not a bad book, but not something I couldn't put down. Was a bit glad when I finished it.
The sorry can be a bit confusing at first but still seems to pull you in.  You root for the main character but keep getting let down however there is some seed of hope that keeps you coming back for more.  Well written<br/>.
Good read. This book reminded me a lot of Gone Girl. I read it pretty quickly (3 days). I wish the Megan character could have been a little more developed and maybe Anna as well. Besides that I really enjoyed this book a lot.
This book was rather tedious to read.  I liked the idea of the story, but it was hard to follow at times.  It was hard to pick out what was real, what was imagined or dreamed, and what were ravings due to addictive behaviors.
I thought it was very interesting, I started suspecting who the real killer was kind of in the middle of the book, and I couldn't put it down all the way till the end.  I just hope the next book will be even more interesting.
A fantasy world of a sad self-destructive woman slams into the reality of an angry and violent episode.  The plot and characters are complex and the mystery well played.  This book kept my interest through well staged events.
it was OK -- I put it down halfway through and wasn't terrifically interested in picking it back up -- but when I did it was an enjoyable read.  The main character made me very uncomfortable, which could have been part of it!
Still trying to understand why this book is # 1 in our local newspaper.  All three women were essentially the same woman and the main woman, Rachel was at best an uninspiring protagonist. Won't recommend this book to friends.
I stayed up way too late engrossed in the story. I wanted to know how the story ended. I want disappointed.  It amazes mess how's the author was able to capture the imperfect human when the world only wants to see perfection.
Very good story.  Really held my interest.  The only criticism is that the three woman had such similar personas.  If it weren't for the names on the chapters and the events, the voices were very similar.  Still, a good read.
A gripping story that interweaves people, their lives and their beliefs. Full of sweeping changes. Nothing is as expected but when you have finished the book you see that all the clues were there.<br/>Extremely well written.
I was a little disappointed in this book after all the publicity it got.  Awkward transition between narrators.  As a suspense novel, the 'red herrings' often stood out as unbelievable. Hard to care for any of the characters.
I liked the book although its somewhat too basic with main characters....all men are strong cruel, violant and unloyal and all women are weak, disturbed and unstable....after all it keeps the drama untill the very end of it.
It was a good book, though at times it moved slowly.  The main character is a little pathetic, though that was the intention of the author.  Had a couple twists but nothing that shocked me.  I would recommend it to a friend.
I found the  first three or four chapters a little slow.  I even wondered if I would be able to finish.  But as Hawkins developed the characters and twists in the story I couldn't put the book down. I am happy it ended well.
Really great characters in this book. Many twists throughout, some I could figure out, and some I could not. The characters were my favorite part. They were very realistic, even though not all that likable. A very good book.
Story of a girl who had gone through a divorce and fantasizes about people she passed while on the train.  It lagged in the middle, but picked up again at the end.  A bit drawn out for the ending, even tho there was a twist.
I liked the story but too much detail about the wrong things and not enough about other aspect I would have liked. Good writing and suspenseful but not enough diversion with the mystery because I guessed the killer too soon.
What a great book! Honestly! I enjoyed reading it a lot and the only reason I give this a 4/5 is because Rachel would annoy me quite substantially in some parts of the novel, but that's just me. I highly recommend this book!
Just as the girl on the train glimpses into the lives of the people along the route, we are treated to the unveiling of our main character. Her impulsive choices and behaviors work like a magnet to the plot.  Enjoy the ride.
This was a pretty good mystery, but the heroine was a little annoying in her drunken neediness.  The ending is not as much of a surprise or reveal as I would usually like with this type of novel, but it was still satisfying.
Characters impossible to like and tied up to evenly at the end. Author has style but needs prose  Maybe you don't have to like any of the characters. But it sure makes it more enjoyable to read if there was one redeeming one
The book begins a little slowly, but steadily builds. The story is told through the eyes of of the women in the story.  All the characters are complex and well developed.  I enjoyed the book and would recommend it to others.
It was the good reviews that kept me turning the pages.  I kept waiting for it to get good.  I thought it was quite slow for a long time but about 3/4 of the way down it was suddenly hard to put down.  Good story all in all.
A good murder mystery, who done it. Centered around three woman, a commuter train and the men in there lives. The book slowly unravels the lives of these three woman with there strengths and weaknesses and a surprise ending.
I don't quite understand the hype here. Yes, I finished the book, but solely due to the fact I was waiting for that aha moment after reading so many rave reviews. My recommendation: pass on this one or rent from the library.
Intriguing and captivating. The protagonist is a mess and spends too much time living in her imagination.  Then when she has to face the characters that she has "invented" she gets even nuttier. Quite a psycho drama!
I had no idea what this book was about, but I started reading it because it was for a book club and I couldn't put it down. From the very first chapter it was a book I had to keep reading, had to find out what happened next.
I hated every minute of this book except the last page-----I found it incredibly confusing at first and the characters didn't interest me in the least.  It was a total waste of my time, but I paid for it, so I read it.  ugh.
The story begins slowly and is a bit dull, but about 50 pages in the story begins to pick up and then I wasn't able to put it down.  The twists in this story are unexpected and thankfully not predictable.  An enjoyable read.
All of the buzz about this book was correct - it was a fun read. One of the most unusual elements was having three female voices alternating in moving the storyline forward. An interesting plot device, and a satisfying read.
Very well written, fast beach-read thriller.  Has more depth than Gone Girl.  Was loved by this American and will be by many more who discover it. Glad to see it will become a film.  Anxiously awaiting for Ms Hawkins's next!
I almost stopped reading this book as Rachael described her alcoholic behavior. I was married to an alcoholic, I didn't want to hear about her weakness. I'm glad I finished the book. It was good to see the change in Rachael.
This was a fun quick read.  Make sure you pay attention to the names and the dates of each chapter.  I had to go back and reread a bit because I did not pay attention to the Chapter titles and I got some characters confused.
This book was referred by a friend, who after reading Gone Girl said they were similar.<br/>Nice plot twists, very much liked the way the author shifted from one character to another.<br/>Would love to see this as a movie.
This book was a let down to me.  There were many twists and turns in the story which did add interest, but the story was so unrealistic and the characters so emotionally challenged that it was difficult to finish reading it.
Started kinda slow and I was having trouble finding the plot.  But picks up halfway through and doesn't stop. I wouldn't compare it to Gone Girl like the USA Today review. But there's a good twist that makes it worth a read.
At first I thought I wanted to slap the main character and tell her to move on. As the book progressed I couldn't put it down. Very interesting and keeps you guessing. Really liked this book as did everyone in our book club.
I really enjoyed this because the women in it were strong, but very vulnerable, also.  The men,not so wonderful, but they,too were fun.  I would like to see a second book, and. Know. That these women got their acts together!
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time. I had to teat myself away to go about my daily life but I still read it in 2 days. So well written and with great sympathy for a seemingly unsympathetic main character.
Paula is gifted in her ability to build and maintain credible suspense. I enjoyed her tale and the manner in which she reveals plot secrets, one tiny bit at a time. If you like suspense, this is a book you'll probably enjoy.
Found the basic concept uninteresting. Heroine! boring and unbelievable. No interest in characters. Felt it was written for twitter generation, wanting superficial ,scant depth. Mid way through, more interesting page turner.
I really enjoyed this.  It was the first novel I have read via Kindle, so it was a bit frustrating to not be able to flip back and forth easily as I would in a paper version, but it was a great book and grew on me as I read.
I didn't know what to expect of this book, but was thrilled when  it was a real page turner. If you think the beginning is slow, just wait until midway through when the plot thickens! Great read for those who love thrillers!
Depressing from start to finish.  Takes too long to get to a position of interest.  I kept asking others that had read it "does it get better" and their response was "it gets different".  Not my kind of read.
I never suspected Tom.quite a twist.the plot was a little confusing at first.I don't know if I would recommend this book to friends who.net like mysteries,since certain it seems to.be .more of a psychological study<br/>...l
The format of "The Girl on the Train" was very confusing for the first half of the book.  Once I became more familiar with the characters, I could more easily keep them straight.  Otherwise, it was quite interesting.
This book had a great start ending and middle to it. Mostly I liked that it wasn't your typical predictable type. But it did drag at times where I felt the need to skim through the extra annoying pointless times in the book.
It was pretty good. The author gives the reader several unreliable narrators. The make characters could have been given more depth. Overall, a good read, though it didn't completely live up the the hype I had heard about it.
The best murder mystery I've read in a long time. Intelligently developed with a satisfying ending. Unusual storyline with a sad alcoholic woman as the heroine. Well written and I'm looking forward to this authors next book.
This is one of the most interesting and exciting book ever!  Never would have guessed the ending.  I recommend this to anyone who is bored with today's books. You will not be sorry. Couldn't put it down.  Read it in a day!!!
The book has a slow start. I was wondering how all the people would fit together. Eventually the pace quickened amNd I was engaged in the book. It could have been better if some hints were dropped about Tom as well as Scott.
The fist person writing was quite refreshing and its important to keep track of the dates for each segment to keep the story progressing.<br/>Got very gripping as it went on and an unpredictable ending was quite well done.
I couldn't put the book down, yet found the story depressing. The characters seemed to have only sadness in their lives, no joy. It ended on an upbeat note, but I still wasn't sure who was going to make it and who wouldn't.
This was a very good story that drew you in from the beginning.  It just goes to show you that we all have baggage and though it seems that some people are living very happy lives, everything is not always what it seems ...
A cracking good book, as one of my British friends put it. Kept me on the edge of my seat with its twists and turns and masterful way each character's secrets were gradually revealed. Paula Hawkins may be the new Hitchcock.
Exciting read at first.  Enjoyed how the story was told through narrative of the characters, although several times had to go back to see which character was doing the narrative.  Actually, was happy to be finished with it!
It was a fun summer read, but nothing truly brilliant. I'm glad I read it, I'd recommend others read it if they're just looking for something enjoyable tor read, but it's not the most brilliant book ever devised. 3.5 stars.
"The Girl on the Train" is an excellent read! I love it when I don't see the twists coming, and this novel is full consists of twists and a totally unexpected ending! If you're a fan of "Gone Girl" you will love this novel!
A book that is hard to put down, a protagonist who is a very unsympathetic character but whom you follow and root for nonetheless, a mystery that remains honestly hidden for much of the book. It's as good as its reputation.
As many reviewers have pointed out, Ms. Hawkins does not create in-depth characterizations.  And her handling of the several different narrators is at times confusing.  Hard to be engaged when the chief narrator is a drunk.
What was all the fuss about? I did not like using the inexplicable behavior of the main character to move along the implausible story. "I know I shouldn't go to see him, I don't know why I am doing this, but hey here I am!"
So you think you know who the murderer is? Think again... and again... and again! Excellent plot, characters... the works! I do need to polish up on my British-English colloquialisms as American English differs quite a bit.
A page turning thrill that had suspense and mystery throughout. I enjoyed the flowing easily reading format. I remained intrigued and could not put down. I would recommend this book to any person beginning to enjoy reading.
Following 3 strands of storyline, each written in first person, was a mental gymnastics of jumping back and forth.  I found it confusing at times to keep the whole plot going, until it finally braids together at the finish.
Lately I've been reading plodding books I have to strain to finish, fighting fish exhausting to reel in. But this book, THIS book is my jam! Much like Gone Girl, it took twists and expected turns that I love to get lost in!
Thoroughly enjoyed this book and the crazy lives of all the characters. Easy read and was sad to finish so soon. Would like to know if Rachel got the job as she didn't make the interview and we were left without resolution.
This was the best book I have read in a long time. Suspenseful, thrilling. I did not guess the ending. I could not stop reading it and at the same time wanted to ration myself to make it last! Very worth reading. Excellent.
Excellent writing.  A little hard to follow but I couldn't put it down once I hit the climax.  Excellent portrayal of the psyche of a sociopath but the psyches of the female characters are not cohesive throughout the novel.
A mystery-writer's mystery. I could not put it down. The format was unlike any I have read before and I appreciated the layout. The characters were richly-developed and the climax was like being hit by the proverbial train.
This began as a dark tale that I thought would be a bit depressing.  However, it's extremely well developed characters and psychological insights into these broken lives make this murder mystery thriller a real page turner.
It was rather a suspenseful novel. However, I could not identify with,or like any of the mail characters.<br/>Very similar to Gone Girl. All the characters were superficial and sooo into themselves..Too long in the middle.
The structure of this book is very similar to Gone Girl, but I loved this book so much more. It was one of those books that keeps you guessing right up until the end, and full of suspense. I literally could not put it down.
The Book captured my interest right from the beginning.  It had twists and turns, but not as much as Gone Girl.  The ending is not as surprising as Gone Girl, but still good.  Have already talked to friends about this book.
No spoilers from me, but this highly touted successor to Gone Girl, based on an unreliable narrator premise, falls short in comparison. Here, the main narrator (there are two other unreliablables) is a wholly unsympathetic, slovenly fat, pathetic whining jobless drunk who creates a fantasy world on her daily pretend job commutes on a creaky broken down train. Conveniently, though, an alcoholic blackout by her plays an important role in the final reveal. The female narrator in Gone Girl, no paragon of virtue herself, at least presents a complex personal narrative that sustains interest until the first big revelation. With The Girl on the Train, one must wait what seems an interminable amount of time before the twists and counter-twists emerge from every which way. The issue for me was the lack of suspense and meaningful storytelling up to that moment. The Red Herrings are not all that deceiving. Yes, she rides on a train and looks out the window and the main character live nearby. Big deal: this flimsy structural prop adds little to the drama of the overlapping characters, who add their own personal unreliable take to the mix.<br/><br/>On the other hand, this is a fast read,  which I'm sure we'll all see on the beaches and besides the pool this summer (if it ever arrives)
There was much hype about this novel and I have to say it was all worth it. The development of each character is brilliant. Each character so real you felt like you know them or someone just like them. Two thumbs way up.💖
A bit complicated; took a while to realize what was real and what the main character imagined. I read at night, so at times it was difficult for me to connect the various characters and happenings. Very interesting twists!
I had this via Audible and on Kindle, and I enjoyed listening to it on my commutes. It was pretty predictable, but I wasn't expecting to have my mind blown. In general, pretty engaging and worth spending some idle time on.
Great story!  Murder mystery and a woman's battle with alcohol and self esteem all tied into one.  Many times the author makes you think you're going down one road to make a quick turn in the story.  I really enjoyed this.
An extremely confusing and very hard to follow novel. This is a book which requires constant "flip backs" to figure out what is happening. Perhaps a good read on paper but NOT on ereader.<br/><br/>Gerard F. Roney
I enjoyed the book. However, I do not consider it to be special. The writing style is simple. But, it certainly grabs your attention and you will want to finish the book. I would compare it to Gone girl - but, not as good.
I found none of the characters in this book likeable, so I found myself not caring if they lived or died.  So although it was a quick, suspenseful read, I didn't mind finishing it quickly.  It's dark and a bit of a downer.
Really enjoyed this book. Is the writing filled with lyrical quotes? No. Is the writing real and compelling? Yes. Not a "happy" story, but gripping and enjoyable. Couldn't put it down. Reading it a second time now.
Despite all the accolades for this book, I didn't find it to be particularly suspenseful.  I am not a fan of the author's writing style and did not feel compelled to continue reading (my indicator of a good suspense book).
The writer did a great job making the main character look pathetic.  Loved this book from begining to end.  It was like a slow moving train that literally picked up in speed.  I could not wait to see how it all played out.
Not too much to say about this popular novel.  Found it to be dark, dreary, and not particularly well written.  I'm a little tired of psycho/socio path protagonists a la Gone Girl and Sharp Objects.  Gore is the new black.
This is a great book for those interested in suspense, mystery, and psychological thrillers.  There is a surprise twist that I did not suspect happening- but I am glad that it did as it made the story even more intriguing.
Excellent read.  I looked forward to reading it and I could not put the book down.  Very intriguing plot that kept me guessing about who done it.  I recommend this book to reader who love a book that keeps them guessing...
Very British. Scenes are not identified until somewhere. Keeps the reader guessing but that doesn't always add suspense. Similar to other British writers. But I still enjoyed it and will continue to sample British authors.
I really enjoyed this book, love a good mystery and this one kept you guessing.  The only problem with it was changes in who the first person was.  Took me a bit to catch on but then I'm an older reader.  Highly recommend.
This is a very good story. You feel for and hate the characters at the same time. You want to see them succeed and you want to see them get caught. Many twists and turns that leave you guessing on who did it.  A fast read.
If you're looking for a page turning psychological thriller, then this is a great book to try! I especially enjoyed reading the three characters' different perspectives. I look forward to trying Paula Hawkins' other works.
This was an okay book. I do not know why it is a best seller. All the three women portrayed having many issues with alcohol, meddling in other's lives. So it was hard to sympathize with any of them. The suspense was good.
I didn't think I was going to be able to get into this novel at the beginning as it was a little slow in getting the story going. Then once it got going I couldn't put it down. Enjoyed it as it kept my interest very much.
I was told it was simular to "Gone Girl" but other than have Girl in the title they were two different stories.. I enjoyed the book and I suffered with the heroine through her black outs wishing she could remember
I love this book. It was exciting from start to finish. There was so much suspense that I completely forget everything that was going on in my own life!  The characters were very believable.  I highly recommend this book.
I don't read many fiction novels compared to past days, but this book is very entertaining and easy to become absorbed in.  Very good, and the narration style keeps the reader unsure of the perpetrator until the very end.
I found the first chapter extremely dull. I read the sample first. It was totally dull. I didn't want to buy it but I saw the reviews and it was in the New York Times bestseller list so I thought it'll get better. It did.
I admit I read more "chicklit" books so I decided to venture out and give The Girl on The Train a try and im glad I did. It's light page turner and you'll want to keep reading to find out the "who done it"
Good twists in the plot of this book. I have to say though, that I did not have any warm feelings for the lead character.  She was so pathetic that she was hard to like. But the book kept my attention all the way through.
I was enthralled for most of the book. I don't want to say more because I hate reading a book and waiting for something to happen because I was told about it ahead of time...but it started as a five and I'm giving it a 3.
Very good read. I literally could not stop reading it. It was suspenseful and not predictable, which is refreshing as many books in this genre are transparent within the first couple chapters. I would highly recommend it.
There was not a single good person in this book. They were all flawed. Selfish careless and stupid. It pulled all the right strings and I couldn't put it down til I finished it but I felt bad and cheated when it was done.
A story told from 3 points of view, all of them annoying.  The drunk ex-wife, the ex-mistress turned wife and the nanny/neighbor from down the street. Not a bad plot, but I wasn't rooting for anyone in particular to live.
Great story, very well written, I could identify with the authors desire to ride the train.  I read it commuting back and forth to work on the U-3 in Berlin (Breitenbachpatz to Unkel Toms Hütte) and while riding the Ring.
First-person narrator shifts are handled well. I never saw the twist at the end coming. I was drawn into Rachel's struggle with alcohol and her obsession with her ex, his new wife, and making things clear in her own mind.
A great read<br/>The format is intriguing<br/>The story sticks with you for days<br/>Rachel was heartbreaking<br/>Anna brought out my empathy<br/>Tom was a surprise<br/>Paula Hawkins grabbed me from the first chapter
Reminded me a lot of the awful characters in "Gone Girl".  I just didn't care for it much, but read to the end.  The ending was satisfactory.  Very tired of reading so much about someone who  drank way too much...
Slow getting going, but became an intriguing novel that was really tough to put down. I recommend it. Would read more by Hawkins, she has a unique gift of putting an engaging story together. The conclusion was a surprise.
This was recommended by a friend and in turn I now recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a mystery. Slight similarity to Gone Girl, in that we have viewpoints from the main characters. Buy it you won't be disappointed.
Whoa! Make sure you have a good stretch of time to blast through this tale reminiscent of the old movie, "Gaslight". Masterful weaving of perspectives and time frames made this impossible for me to put down until the end.
Loved this book. I was looking for something different to read and was pleasantly surprised. Anyone can relate to at least one of the main characters if you can be honest with yourself. Love when a writer can surprise me.
This book is Crime and Punishment for women addicted to fantasy, lying men and relationships that can never be what went but think we need.<br/>Yummy. Could not stop until all the pieces of the mystery had been revealed.
I enjoyed the first 3/4 of the book. It is not however in the same league as "gone girl" in my opinion. I've never read another book where the protagonist is a female alcoholic. It made for an interesting premise.
I bought this book because it was highly touted and I thought I would give it a shot.  It took half the book to get into the meat and potatoes of the story.  Characters and plot are very good but took too long to develop.
This book was captivating. The story kept me guessing all the way through. It immediately drew you in and I could not put it down. It was a well written mystery, ably bringing the stories of three women together into one.
I liked the book, as a whole. However, I read half of the book and put it down because it was boring me. When I got around to finishing it, after "Megan" became more involved in the story, I couldn't put it down.
I liked the book.  We read it for book club and it had mixed reviews.  The women didn't have any empathy for the main character.  Everyone in the book had lots of issues.  The ending however made the story worth reading.
Takes a while to get into... once you do, you will be hooked! Each character has different flaws - everyone should be able to identify with one of them slightly... And that's what makes this book so much more disturbing.
I liked it, didn't love it.  If I were to rank Gone Girl, Girl on the Train, and the Luckiest Girl Alive - three books that have been compared - I would rate (1 Gone Girl, (2 Girl on the Train and (3 Luckiest Girl Alive.
I had heard so much hype about this book, and ultimately it didn't live up to my expectations. I found the main character to be a tad bit irritating, and it felt like a novel that's trying too hard to be Gone Girl-esque.
A friend recommended this and I'll pass to you the recommendation. Great book. I normally don't like books formatted the way this one was with little dialog but the author did a great job with it. I couldn't put it down.
This book was very similar to Gone Girl, with a lot of twist and turns.  One minute I think I know who the killer is and the next minute I think it's someone else.  Overall, great book and easy read.  Highly recommended.
The book was a classic-suspenseful to the end. It was made even more so by the authors technique of using first person point of view so that the reader felt, saw and understood through the eyes of each of the characters.
A story that takes very suspenseful and unexpected turns. Wonderful descriptive detail and great insight into the characters.<br/>Would recommend this as an easy, fun read. Very entertaining and riveting in many places.
I really enjoyed listening to this book while I painted!  Most artists listen to music...I'll be listening to more books!  This one was especially good...having 3 different women read the 3 different parts was wonderful.
This book really made me crave a glass of wine, which is strange because I imagine it having the opposite effect on most. The main character is a bit insufferable but overall an excellent read, and kept me turning pages!
slow going, confusing, close to the end it picked up a bit.  This was a simple story told in a confusing manner.  My entire book-club was disappointed with this book.  Several of us wondered why this book was so popular.
I liked it. In the beginning it kind of lulled a bit in places and I had a bit of trouble keeping the characters straight. It did pick up and give me a good ending. Once I got my head in the story I wouldn't put it down.
Very interesting book, but the reveal and conclusion was jammed in at the end - could have teased that out a bit more. Looking forward to the movie. Definitely in the "Gillian Flynn" vein without being a copycat.
I thought this book was average. Not one likable character in the novel you really wish they all kill each other and stop their drinking, whining and carousing ways. Miss this train.
I could not put this book down!  The characters are not very likable, but that in itself is important to the story.  I would recommend this to anyone searching for suspense.  I hope there will be more from Paula Hawkins.
This was an average read.  I was thoroughly confused for about 1/4 of the book because I was not taking note of the chapter names.  This is basically about 3 women and the chapter name changes based who it will be about.
Wonderfully written.  Paula Hawkins adeptly handles the complexity of intertwining the lives of different characters AND presenting current story against flash backs for each.  Quite well done.  And, a surprising ending!
This book caught my attention and never let go. Rachel, the main character, is flawed and weak while struggling to survive her past and alcohol. A grand testament to human frailties and the ultimate quest to escape evil.
I found this book  quite strange at the begining but as you got into it it became quite thrilling.  i see that they are going to make a movie of it which would be worth seeing  as there is quite a lot of intrigue in it.
I finished the book even though I had no investment in the characters and their mental illnesses.  3 stars for the way Hawkins chose to tell the stories of the 3 women but I would not recommend as a must read to anyone.
I really loved this book.  I am a huge Gone Girl fan and found this book somewhat similar.  I also loved how I had no clue who the "bad person" was until the very end.  It had my attention the whole way through!
I agree with other reviewers. One dimensional; characters and unlikable. I found the story very hard  to follow and I had to force my self to finish.<br/><br/>The writing style is one dimensional and uninterstersting.
The book in my opinion started out a bit slow.  I understand the author was setting the plot but for me it was a bit slow. However, as soon as a character disappeared the book got much more interesting.  I recommend it.
Not as good as  "Gone  Girl", but not bad. Characters very well developed.  Lots of twists and turns. Kept me wanting to read more. speculated the ending however about three quarters of the way through the book.
Well written and keeps you reading.  Having said that, the story and its characters were just too depressing for words, so I did not love it.  Good book if you like to read about alcoholism, lying, cheating, and murder.
Must be honest. I did not care for the beginning of this book. Depressing character that I didn't much care for or want to read about. HOWEVER once into all the characters & the whole storyline I was hooked to complete.
I enjoyed the book and really liked how the author alternated chapters between the three women in the book. Kept me interested but was not a page burner. I still would recommend reading it and rated it 4 out of 5 stars.
An excellent mystery, not just of whodunit, but on what's actually going on.  Told from the perspective of three women, this is a great debut novel.  I'm looking forward to more from this author.  Four and a half stars.
It was a good plot, but I wasn't invested in any of the characters. None of them were likable in the least and I didn't care what happened to them. A drunk, a bitch and two wife beaters, one of which is also a murderer.
I guess this was just not my kind of book because I did not enjoy it. I didn't particularly like the style of writing. I thought the book was dark. I don't mind dark if there is some humor to contrast with the darkness.
Enjoyed very much! Don't know how to give 1/2 stars! Otherwise would be 41/2. I reserved a 1/2 as it didn't have enough plot twists. I had it figured out too soon. But it was still a very good read. Highly recommend it.
I read this because of the critical acclaim, and because a number of friends had enjoyed it.  I like books with short chapters.  Otherwise, I found this a frustrating read because I thought the Girl was so unbelievable.
Was ok. The narrative, especially Rachel's, is tiresome. The ending came not quite unexpectedly. Some have compared it to Gone Girl but I did t find the characters as developed or as believable. But overall a good read.
Wow...I just finished reading this book. I was so anxious to find out "who did it" that couldn't put it down until I'd read the whole thing. Powerfully written and completely absorbing. This is a fantastic book.
Took a bit to get into the rhythm of the narrative. Once embraced the characters and their stories moved easily. The conclusion was predictable. That said, it would not have been as emotionally satisfying any other way.
This book has a way of sucking you in. I had planned spending a hour here and there to read it but finished it within 2 days. Just when you think you have things figured out, you realize how little you know. Great book.
Despite the fact that the characters are completely unlikeable, I still found the story compelling enough to finish the book in 24 hours.  The two timelines worked well in this novel, as did the multiple points of view.
The book came quickly and as described, a beautiful hardcover. I would compare the writing style and plot to Gillian Flynn's work (e.g., Gone Girl, Sharp Objects). Definitely a page-turning mystery. I really enjoyed it.
Although the alcoholic thought process seemed very believable I had little empathy for the main narrator. There were almost no characters with admirable motivations and life choices. But it flowed and was easy to read.
This book definitely deserved its place on the best seller list.  It is one book that you find hard to put down even to make dinner.I could not wait to see how it would all play out at the end and was not disappointed!
This book did not have one sympathetic character in it.  As I read more and more, I became acutely aware that I couldn't care less about anyone in this depressing story. Needless to say, I think it was a waste of time.
The story was griping from the start , great thriller . The author gets you vested on the characters that you are pulling far all of them though out the book. Well played surprised with accused. Deserves 4 star rating.
Best book I've read in a while! A true page turner -- keeps you guessing until the end. Starts out a little slow but it picks up and becomes a quick read. I highly recommend for people who like psychological thrillers!
Paula Hawkins is a master at twists and turns, of making reader sympathetic towards the characters, then despise them and vice versa.  The way she uses point of view is as interesting as the plot or maybe even more so.
Initially I was misled by the book's layout, and realized one must carefully note points of view and time to follow the story. This is really a unique method of plot development and a story that has plot twists galore.
I know everyone loved this book, but it took FOREVER to get into it.  I never emotionally connected with the characters and I just couldn't get hooked.  I actually never finished the book - I just Googled the ending...
This was an excellent read!  Being a murder mystery party author, I find that the characters were all portrayed very well and were the perfect suspects. I would highly recommend this as a "can't put down book."
I read this while I was on the train going thru Italy. I think this was written on the coat tails of "Gone Girl" but never quite made it. Its easy reading, but it isnt one of those books that you cant put down.
I enjoyed this book... it was certainly a fun and quick read. The formula is very very similar to Gone Girl but I was able to pretty quickly determine who was the culprit. Still, worth reading.
I suspect I was curious enough I read it to the end. Not a likable character in this book. Self involved, narcissistic, neurotic characters. I heard the author speak on npr, so I downloaded it, but it was pretty silly.
This book keeps being compared to Gone Girl, which I didn't care too much for.  This was written much better in my opinion.  Nice summer read, not too heavy, not too light, and just enough twist to keep it interesting.
Clever writing style.  Each description of a character adds something new each time they are presented.  Marriage, divorce, affairs, therapy, alcoholism,  all play their part.  Oh, and did I mention murder?  Good read.
This book started out slowly, but there's enough to keep you going to the great middle and ending. It took me awhile to figure out the different chapters narrated by the different characters. Loved the book at the end.
I enjoyed this book so much. It's a little love story, murder and mystery. As you read on you think you know all the answers but surprisingly you don't. First time I read any of her books. Looking forward to read more.
This was a true page turner...or finger swiped. It was engaging from the very first page. With so many stories going on you never knew what would happen next. I recommend  to anyone who loves a good, haunting thriller!
That it is being referred to as "Hitchcockian" assures me that Hitchcock is rolling over in his grave. Fast-paced and readable, but predictable... would be a good beach read if it actually provided any thrills.
If you've seen the movie gone girl,then you will love this book. It is not what I anticipated but everything that I wanted. I loved it from the first page to the last page. Paula Hawkins did an amazing job with this!!!
Loved this book! Started it at 7:30 pm..just finished reading. .almost midnight. If you like British thrillers with twists and turns this is your book...Although, near the end I figured it out. .but a great who dunnit!
This was a great book! Could hardly put it down. Even read it while I cooked supper. I couldn't wait till I got to the end but then I was sad that I was at the end.  What a page turner! Keep them coming Paula Hawkins!!
I had heard this book compared to Gone Girl so thought it would be one that would keep me entertained and guessing. It didn't disappoint in that area, but I found switching between three characters a little bit tiring.
This book was very easy to read. It definitely was like Gone Girl and will appeal to the people who enjoyed that book. I ended up reading it in 3 sittings because it was entertaining and suspenseful. I would recommend!
I really enjoyed this book...the twists and turns made it a page turner. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good suspense thriller. I didn't figure out whodunnit until close to the end, which made it more enjoyable.
I found the beginning a little confusing and had to re read some pages.  Once I got the characters straight, this was a real page turner.  Plot kept you guessing.  I had a couple possible scenarios going on in my head.
A little hard to get into in the beginning because the story kept switching between two different girls. But other than that the book was very good and hard to put down. I read it in a day and a half. Highly recommend.
I was expecting more out of this book as it had potential. But in the end i found it a little too dark, a little too depressing. The characters lacked a certain intrigue and frankly, likeability. Gave me a bad feeling.
What a fun read. It was still fun and suspenseful even after you begin to discover the twist. This book makes you sad that Alfred Hitchcock is no longer with us because this would make one hell of a Hitchcock thriller!
I enjoyed this book very much. It's the first book that I've read in a long time that I looked forward to getting back to as soon as possible. I propped my Kindle up as I dried my hair, read it as I ate breakfast, and got back to it instead of doing genealogy. Reading a book instead of doing genealogy is just about unheard of for me! I definitely felt that the characters were genuine. They were weak people with problems, and those types of people are not genuine ever - not with others and not with themselves. The only minor criticism that I have is that the different voices telling the story confused me at the beginning. I wished then that I had the book in a hardcover instead of a Kindle. Once I figured that out though, I made a mental note at each section to  determine who was telling me the story at that point . For me, the mystery was really suspenseful and as an avid mystery fan, I thought it was put together excellently.
I got bored of this quickly.
Could not put the book down!
Excellent, suspenseful read!
This is one of those books you pick up, start reading and can't stop.  My mind was all over trying to figure out the story.  I loved all the characters, all very well developed.  Great read with an interesting ending.
Struggled to finish this one despite its long tenure on the Best Seller lists....The alcoholic protagonist, the throw-away shrink, the thready subplots......Give me back Patterson, Sanford, Johnson, Atkins, and Silva!
Excellent easy read. Just had a baby and was looking for a book that would hold my attention during the middle of the night feedings. Found myself staying up even after baby was finished due to curiosity and suspense.
This is a fantastic book that will keep the reader on their toes. When the plot twist happened, I can honestly say that I did not see it coming. If you love thrillers, then you will want to read The Girl on the Train.
This book is okay, but not great. I have no idea why it made it onto the bestseller list. In the book discussion group I belong to, most people enjoyed it, but a bunch of us didn't. Good luck if you decide to read it.
Interest was at high level. Really liked the writing's of this author. Very detailed to where you felt you were watching a movie as you were reading. Intense. Book was recommend to me, I would also recommend this book
This book is wonderfully written, the way the story builds to the character development. I could not put it down, read it all in one long sitting.<br/>It's the type of book that stays with you, even after you finish.
Skips around a ton. Very frustrating to read but intriguing. It will keep you on awake. It will scare you. Scar you. And then after it's all over-<br/>It isn't really even good. Stick to Gillian Flynn for a good tale
It was OK but It was a little confusing to keep track of the characters. It kept changing from one person to the other.<br/>At one point, I hadn't read for a day or two and I had to backtrack to pick up the narrative
I was disappointed to be honest.  I thought this book was going to be edge of your seat but I figured out the killer within the first 50 pages. It wasn't that great and the best part of the book was the last 10 pages.
I couldn't wait to get on the train to read The Girl on the Train. It certainly kept my interest throughout. I did find the main character very frustrating at times. Towards the end I did suspect "who dun it".
I enjoyed The Girl on the Train, the individual characters and their perspectives. I really struggled to put it down at times. There were a few areas it actually got me full of anticipation like a who done it mystery.
I took a break from reading Patricia Cornwell books to this new author. I couldn't put it down. I will not give a synopsis, but just lay me say it was a great read. I gave it to my 91 year old father to read in rehab.
Why on earth have over 23 thousand people written reviews of this great book?  My contribution will be to warn that spoilers abound in the reviews.  Read them at your peril.  This story is well worth the Kindle price.
I thoroughly loved this book.  It was hard to put down at times, because I just wanted to keep reading more. I have recommended it to many of my friends, and they have enjoyed reading it also.  Definitely a must read!
This was a hard book to get in to but well worth it. At first it seems like such a downer but as you go on you get deeper into each character. They all certainly had problems but were very psychologically interesting.
Somewhat weird in the first sections, such that it didn't hold my interest as much as expected.  Then it became easy to figure out what was happening and whodunnit.  I expected more from such an acclaimed best seller.
I rate this book an A-.  Its a great "who-dunnit" w/ really good character development.  However, the lead<br/>character has a such a pathetic and pitiable life, that it gets kind of depressing after a while.
The book was ok. Very hard to start and get a flow for, In fact the first 180 or so pages were just a drunk girl going back and forth on a train... However the ending was nice kinda sudden but overall the book was ok.
It's a complicated mystery that is dark but I read it in 3 days because you need to figure everything out. Characters are well drawn but not always likable  till the end. Rachael is the best of the people in the book.
Not the best book I've read, found the main character weak and insipid. Bit of a twist in the end, but the book is confusing jumping from person to person had to page back and see who the particular chapter was about.
This historical fiction series is among my favorites.  One can read a history book for facts, but this book applies the facts.  In fact I purchased the first season series for TV and plan to watch it with my bookclub.
This is a fast paced, entertaining story.  I wanted to know what was going to happen and there were many twists and turns along the way to keep me guessing.  This was an easy to read, smart book.  I highly enjoyed it.
The story was interesting, following the different views of the various women.  I did think it dragged a little and there were times I had to push through the story.  But the ending was good and I felt worth the read.
You know a book is great when you make yourself put it down so you can do the needed task for the day. The second test is when you get happy butterflies when you realize you have the book to read at bedtime. Loved it!
You can't help feel for Rachel and want to help her. But her actions draw you into this mad world of lust, alcohol and train journeys. Beautifully and excellently written, this story will keep you up reading till 4am.
At first I was a little confused with the different characters and how they were all tied together<br/>However once everything fell into place and I saw the connection I couldn't put this book down<br/>Must read!!!!
A simple story that takes unexpected turns. Interesting characters in mundane setting makes it even more surprising.  Taps into our human nature and innate nosiness to know what goes on inside houses we pass by daily.
I enjoyed this book. It was hard to put down. I sometimes find it a little difficult to follow the date changes but I enjoy reading this style of book, written from different perspectives. Definitely worth the effort.
I love a good mystery thriller, and this one is right up there with Grisham, Melter or Baldacci. As the suspence builds it becomes almost impossible to stopreading for a while. I hope to read many more by this author.
I loved Gone Girl, and read this book based upon the Amazon recommendations. I was NOT disappointed. My only regret is not being able to do anything else until I finished reading the book! I love it when that happens!
For some reason it took me a while to get pass the start of this book and when I finally did it was a real page turner.  Unfortunately it always seems like the author rushes through the end and leaves me unsatisfied.
So much hype, then so much disappointment. Became so tired of the main character/narrator that less than halfway through I wouldn't have cared if SHE were murdered. Sensationalism dressed up as "suspenseful."
Good read!  It started fast and a bit dark, became a page-turner for me pretty quickly. The characters are initially basic, but quickly become individuals with their own role to play in the mystery. Highly recommend!
A must read!  A great suspense novel....and you never see the ending coming.  Rachel rides the train every day and makes up a story about a couple she sees...but the real story will have you on the edge of your seat!
Loved it. Had to pay more attention to the flow of the book as it jumps years and characters so would have been easier in print rather then kindle but the story was great. Got hooked early on and finished it easily!!
The story started off rather slowly but I kept reading. Once I got to know the characters I enjoyed the book. It wasn't the type of book that I 'couldn't put down' but the storyline was true to life and an easy read.
The book is good but the kindle has trouble keeping up with the pages.  It skips pages every so often and I had to go back to find where I was.  It is very disconcerting.  This is the first book I have had it happen.
The book was just okay.  I really wanted to like it.  There were some good parts of the book, but it was overall pretty predictable.  It is fine if you just want an easy reading book to entertain you for a few hours.
Enjoyed this book.  Interesting characters and well written dialogue. The story line got a little bogged down about half way through; by the time it got near the end, the identity of the murderer was in little doubt.
I heard this story was so hyped but after finishing it I felt relieved it was over. I felt no affinity to any of the characters. It seemed like they were all meant for each other. Nothing relatable for me to connect.
This book was a little slow in developing the background of the many characters, but the ending was a satisfactory resolution of the "who done it" question.  Much better (in my humble opinion) than Gone Girl,
I tried twice to read this but couldn't keep the characters straight - too much flipping in time.  A list in an appendix of who was who would have helped.  I finally decided to use my time more wisely on another book
Wouldn't have finished the book if not for its 'best seller list' status and my curiosity as to whether it would eventually get better. Unappealing  characters for the most part. Not a highlight of my summer reading.
Starts off very interesting and I didn't mind the drunken shame. But gets very boring after a while. It just goes over the same scene over and over again. And some of the stuff just doesn't make sense, it's annoying.
Wow!  Just, wow!  Fantastic read. It leaves you guessing the entire time. All the characters have a dark, unlikable, yet like able side. It could have been any one of them for nearly all of the book. Good work Paula.
Believe I read a little too much hype about how great this book was.  It was a good book, don't get me wrong, but definitely not the best ever suspense story.  I kind of guessed the ending a bit before it happened...
It's been such a long time since I couldn't put a book down. The pacing of the book was great, I never felt like it was dragging. And the ending hit me like a ton of bricks...and I loved it!  I strongly recommend it.
This book was recommended to me by a friend and I'm glad I downloaded it. It's written in a similar style as Gone Girl with chapters changing character perspective. It's a quick read and well written. Read this book.
A remarkable read--tense thriller.  I am reading it for the second time because I feel I may have missed something the first time.  Reading a book a second time happens rarely with me.  I highly recommend this title.
This book has been often compared to GONE GIRL. I enjoyed it much more because there is a true resolution.<br/>You may still wonder "What now?", but at least this mystery is solved. You may look forward to the next!
I devoured this book in two sittings! Amazing story telling with twists and turns. Highly recommended- no wonder the wait list at the library is over 1,000 people! Well developed characters and a fast pace. Loved it.
I was not impressed for the first 20% (kindle) of this book.. After that, it got very interesting.  I'm glad I continued.Overall, it was good. But, difficult to keep going with some of these dysfunctional characters.
A very entertaining book.  If you like a different, twisting tale , you will enjoy this book.<br/>Talk about not being able to put a book down, this is the one.<br/> So, have a few days to stay engrossed and enjoy!
Very good first effort by Paula Hawkins as she weaves her tangled web. Keeps you very interested but you sometimes have to look back to keep things straight. A little unnecessary violence but all in all a great read.
Not one of my favorite reads but all-in-all, the book was pretty good.  The first half dragged on a bit but at about the halfway mark, it picked up and became much more interesting. The ending was particularly good!
Girl on the train is great. Few characters make it easy to follow. Story has lots of twists and surprises. Characters well developed and relationships very intertwined. Enjoyed the story very much. Highly recommend.
I found it more interesting that Gone Girl.  Possibly not as many twists and turns but more believable.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.  Once I started reading it I kept right at it.  Wanted to know how it was going to end.
So difficult to read going back and forth in time and between the three women but stick with it it's worth it, fascinating and screwy all rolled up in a neat and tidy ending. I recommend it to as a challenging read.
I really enjoyed it, finished it in a week-end. Also enjoyed it took place in England and I could relate to that riding the train and looking out at houses and gardens and wondering about the people who lived there.
I enjoyed this book very much. It is a definite page turner! It does get a little bit long winded towards the middle but overall it kept me on the edge of my seat. It would be a great book for vacation or book club.
I really enjoyed The Girl On The Train. It was a fast read and kept me turning the page. The twist was unexpected, but once it came about I really would've liked to know a little bit more about that characters past.
I did not enjoy reading this book.For me, it dragged too much.  I almost stopped reading it  ( mid-way) but I have aways finished a book,just to satisfy my philosophy of completed reading a new/old book. H.Llewellyn
This book had as many twists and turns as Gone Girl. It kept me guessing until the very last couple chapters. The characters were believable but not very likable. All their weaknesses are exposed for our criticisms.
I am always the last to guess whodunit, but not this time,  I had the perp nailed halfway through.<br/>Seemed repetitious to me with an very unappealing main character.  I'm lost as to this novel's<br/>popularity.
The story developed well and was believable until the later chapters. I'm giving it 3 stars because it did keep my attention and was a good read, but without posting a spoiler alert, I don't want to explain further.
It took a long time to get to where it needed to be and by the time it did I was a little over it. An easy read not a thriller my any means - finished it but the end really wasn't and ending it was more of a relief.
Read the first quarter of this book and did not like anyone, especially the silly drunk Rachel.  Decided to read the last chapter to see if I even cared.  Read the end and am super glad I'm not wasting anymore time.
The first half of the book is all inside the girl on the trains head.  No action until about half way through the book.  Probably make a better movie than a book.  I won't rush out to buy another Paula Hawkins book.
A great story well told.  The author has a gift for using simple words to express her thoughts.  She is a bit wordy but all a part of what she was trying to give us - the thoughts and feelings of each key character.
From the first word to the last, I hated to put it down. An excellently crafted novel by an author who writes for the reader. I would highly recommended it and will definitely look for another book by Paula Hawkins.
A well-written psych and murder mystery.  Good character development, even if we don't know which ones we like as we progress through the book.  If you liked Gone Girl and/or Moving Day I think this book is for you.
This was an excellent read. A gripping, frustrating story that makes you want to shake some sense into the lead character Rachel. But then as things unfold and twist you root for her and pray that all will end well.
The story was believable and the characters sharply drawn.  Each step was carefully delineated and maintained the suspense.  I had some problems with motivation but it did not detract from my enjoyment of the story.
The book is very "different".  I couldn't put it down. Couldn't predict what was actually going to happen. I would give it a 5 star rating.  The writing format is unusual and enjoyable.  Builds the suspense.
It was a well-written​ story, but I found it relentlessly dreary. There were many threads that were tied together at the end of the book when the author revisited individual character's accounts of unfolding events.
Fascinating read. It makes you think about how we make up back stories for people we know/or see - based on our knowledge and how they impacts us. yet you never really know someone - and often your story is WAY off!
Interesting premise, holds the reader's attention,  but not as detailed or compelling as Gone Girl.<br/>Well drawn characters, liked the train imagery, but the mystery could be figured out halfway through the book.
I was really looking forward to reading The Girl on the Train and although the book started out interesting I found it to be boring and predictable about half way through.  I don't think I would recommend this book.
I loved this book and was on the edge of my seat the whole time. Did not see the end coming, until the end. It out "gone-girl-ed" Gone Girl! Have already recommended it to several friends and family members.
This is a classic page turning whodunit reminiscent of the Hitchcock genre found in films like "Rear Window".  Ms. Hawkins has written a very engaging story that pulls you in from the get go and doesn't let you out.
I kept reading all of the reviews saying that this was as good as Gone Girl. Not even close. Maybe if  I had read this one first? The book was slow and tedious. I have to make myself finish it. I wanted to like it.
I read this for my book club.  It was not the best book I've ever read.  While I would not recommend my friends read it, it is a "psycho-drama" and holds your attention, although is easy enough to put down.
This started slowly and I almost put it down for good.  Glad now that I did not!  It definitely got better, especially once I got past the unlike-ability of the main character.  Great twist at the end of the story!
Exciting story told from the perspective of three different women. This book is a thrilling page turner with a plot that keeps you guessing until the very end with a dramatic conclusion that will leave you stunned.
I thought the summary of the book was misleading and it seemed like all anyone did in this book was cheat on their spouse.  I was disappointed.  How hard is it to write a book without ten million "F" words?
Better than I expected it would be, and although I figured it all out with 40-50 pages to go that is relatively good (I read about 5 books/week and work hard to break them down and catch most of the foreshadowing).
The novel meets the best-seller requirement of making the reader want to know what actually happened, but the central motif of the train and multiple stations is rather repetitive and makes the novel drag a little.
This was a fascinating story especially of the main character as she struggles with alcoholism, black outs, lies and more lies. The author does a great job of building empathy with painful descriptions of betrayal.
An unreliable narrator makes for an incredibly intriguing read! You think you know where this story is going, and you think you understand all that's happening, but you really don't.  I couldn't put this book down.
I had a little trouble getting into this book. I started to get into it and couldn't put it down. I usually figure out the mystery, but this book completely had me  fooled.I will definitely read more off her books.
I enjoyed this book a lot. The switching point of views tricked me during the first few chapters, but the first person narrative was excellent and both drawing the reader in and creating empathy for the characters.
One of the best books I've ever read. Absolutely thrilling from the first page and the ending did not disappoint. Easy to read and understand.  Will definitely be keeping an eye out for Paula Hawkins in the future.
My girlfriend recommended it.... It was very good. I could not put it down.<br/>A change for me, since I mostly read romantic books. I am now moving into a new area.<br/><br/>Thank you,<br/>Brenda- Southport NC
The characters were very formulaic and I grew a bit tired of them. But, I did stick with it to see what happened. And because it was a Bol club read. All of the different perspectives did help the story move along.
Loved the different perspectives of a single situation. From her window view on the train  Rachel views the private life of a couple as blissfully happy. But we later find out that not all is what it appears to be.
A really fast read with a really fast pace. Kept me guessing till near the end. The author nails alcoholism; I was surprised when I read an interview with her that she wasn't intimately acquainted with the disease.
The many twists and turns kept me turning the pages, trying to imagine what was going to happen next.  The author did an amazing job keeping the suspense level high, while delving into the characters personalities.
This is as boring a story as you can find. Constantly changing viewpoints and never goes into depth with any one character. We're not impressed. My wife liked it more than me, but not by much. Couldn't even finish.
I didn't care for the book.  Took several tries for me to read it.  I found it boring and uninteresting.  However, it did get more interesting as I read it.  Would not recommend it.  Don't waste your money or time.
Could not put it down! This book kept me guessing all the way to the end.  It mesmerized me, and the main character was unilke any I've met before.  I fantastic mystery for anyone looking for an unputdownable book!
It takes a few pages before the auithor hooks you into the plot and get to a point where you don't want to put the book down.  Very well written and entertaining.  If you liked Gone Girl you will like this as well.
Interesting story, but takes a while to understand the relationship of the characters other than the girl on the train. Once all the characters have been developed, it becomes a who done it, with a surprise ending.
It's not often that a page turner is also beautifully written.  The Girl On The Train comes through on both counts.  The reader uncovers layers with the protagonist, with many twists and turns.  Highly recommended.
This has been compared to Gone Girl. Similar chapter setups with alternating viewpoints, some unexpected twists, and a climax that, while a bit expected once I saw where it was headed, was still good. A great read!
Albeit it off to a slow start, this book draws you in and keeps you guessing until the end. The main character's struggles with alcohol are extremely well portrayed. I look forward to reading more books by Hawkins.
Nothing is as it seems.  3 women, 1 killer.  Who is it?  This book keeps you on the edge of your seat, reading, waiting to find out.  Is it the girl on the train?  If only she could remember that one fateful night.
Terrific story in the vein of "Gone Girl" but with more sympathetic characters.  The story held my attention from beginning to end; in fact, I couldn't put it down!  I look forward to Ms. Hawkins next work.
I enjoyed the story. I would recommend it to others. It wasn't a book I couldn't put down, but it definitely kept my interest. I figured out some of the plot pretty quickly, hoping it would prove me wrong. Oh well!
This is a great mystery novel which kept me trying to figure out things the entire book.  It's a realistic depiction of addiction which would leave the reader feeling frustrated.  Well written and well thought out.
It was a good book. The changing of characters telling the story was confusing at first. You're not quite sure who the killer really is until the end. I would have liked more of an ending to wrap up the characters.
I enjoyed reading this book. It was very well written and kept me interested. Sometimes I am able to figure out the ending very quickly but that was not the case with this novel. I would recommend it to any reader.
Oh my!  It did not end the way I thought it would and during times it seemed to drag on. However, as a people watcher myself, I did get into the story as a damaged divorcee I understood her pain if not her choices.
I haven't read a good book in a while.  Paula Hawkins actually knows how to write and keep the readers attention.  I am a hard person to please when it comes to book and was pleasantly surprised.  Highly recommend.
LOVED IT - EASY - FAST READING - VERY MUCH LIKE GONE GIRL.  I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN.  WOKE UP AT 2AM AND STARTED READING THE OTHER NIGHT.  COULD NOT WAIT TO SEE WHO COMMITED THE CRIME.  I PICKED THE WRONG ONE -BARB
I found this to be depressing. I spent time between reading sections trying to figure out what was going on.  The ending was sad for me. I kept<br/>waiting for the "girl" to improve her life and move on...
I loved this novel!  It had a Gone Girl feel to it and I loved that book.  I also liked that the heroine of the book is completely flawed.  And it really makes you wonder how credible her opinions and memories are.
Wanted to throw her under the train. She was completely predictable. And you knew she would make the wrong decision at every key moment. Really hated the book.
Spell-binding from start to finish. Paula Hawkins keeps you guessing and then when you think you know the "who done it," she throws you a curve. Right up to the final chapter. I see why it's a best seller.
Really enjoyed this, although elements of it hit close to home. I started it and couldn't put it down. It's written in a similar style as Gone Girl - from different people's perspectives and with some good twists.
It took awhile to understand the structure of the book...probably because I rarely have time to read more than  a chapter at a sitting.  Once you get the timeframe and characters straight, it's a fascinating book.
Very confusing at first, going back and forth in time and people.  It was interesting and a little different way sof story telling. Overall a good suspense story. I liked how an alcoholic's point of view was told.
Like a bag of potato chips. You keep reading because you want to see how it all turns out--even if it's pretty obvious from the beginning what's going on. Not great literature but entertaining. Good beach reading.
Enjoyed this book, somewhat similar to Gone Girl, but I thought this book was an improvement.  Kept up the suspense through some very interesting twists and turns.  Did not guess at the ending, until the very end.
Once I picked this book up I just couldn't put it down. The story kept me gripped throughout and would definitely recommend it. Looking forward to the next book by Paula Hawkins and hoping it's as good as this one
It took me awhile to realize that each chapter was related to a different character in the book. Once I caught on, it was a very interesting read. And, you kept questioning as to who had done what. Very good book.
This was a great mystery story.  After you get past who the characters are, it is very hard to put down.  You love/hate the characters, but yet you are still intrigued/baffled by their actions.  Very well written.
It was a suspenseful plot and I was interested throughout the book.  The only disappointment was that I knew before the ending who the culprit was, however it is hard to fool a seasoned mystery reader like myself.
Very good book. The cover says "...I couldn't out it down.." and for once the cover is right.  This book is good for any kind of reader.  Easy to follow but not shallow.  I was very pleased with this book.
Suspense generally wins with me, and that's really what got me to finish "Gone Girl" (my most hated book of the year). So since this one was heralded as "the next...," I had low standards. THIS I at least enjoyed.
I loved this book! It's written in the perspective of three different women whose lives intersect. It's an excellent mystery as well as a psychological study of the three women involved and the men in their lives.
Enjoyed this book. It was slow at first but keep reading! Also, pay attention to the dates. It almost reads as if its all happening at the same time but its not. Good story line and has some good twists and turns.
This novel was great. Nice to see a main character with flaws and more human. (Tired of so many perfect women with perfect bodies as the main characters)  This novel kept me guessing. It was difficult to put down!
I have attempted to read this book three times and can't get through it.  The writing is brilliant, but I keep getting lost and have to start over.  I will attempt one more time.  Any one else having this problem?
the story is told from multiple perspectives, it really starts to grab you as all the stories begin to connect and the truth unfolds.  This was a fantastic read.  I have never seen a mystery book written this way.
Really enjoyed this novel. The characters are complex and portray the vulnerabilities of life and love. The author does a great job of making the point that people are more than their vices and current situations.
This book... it felt a little slow in the beginning and thumping between characters was confusing at first, but the story made up for it. The characters were very well rounded and the story was intense. Great read
I didn't read into the book very far as I found it depressing and I don't want that in my life right now.  However, I think it was well written and probably very good to someone who is in the right frame of mind.
You almost do not like the main character because her life is such a mess!  However by the end of the book you feel relieved.<br/>I don't really want to say more than that because I feel I might reveal too much.
A bit derivative, I think, in its usage of the trope of the unreliable narrator.  The story builds well, coming to an explainable conclusion, but as a reader, one knew something was coming, just not what exactly.
I feel like I fell for the hype surrounding this book.  I read it and enjoyed it but I was hoping for something a little less predictable.  It's definitely worth a read though, it's beautifully written and human.
Probably a great book for some. I found it depressing and boring. Not a complete review because I couldn't finish it. To many good books to read to waste time reading about this girls alcohol and mental problems.
I enjoyed this novel for the suspense. I actually figured " the who" out quite early on in my reading.  I felt for Rachel yet I deemed her to be strong and to knew she would be  vindicated.  This is an easy read!
Took me awhile to get the reading pattern of this book.  The characters are well developed, the plot is steady, descriptive, and had some surprise twist to the story.  The story's ending did catch me by surprise.
Struggle to find the five star rating here, unless the readers are recovering alcoholics who sympathise with the main character. Starts out ok , but quickly deteriorates into a predicable who did it? Not for me!!
The news is full of terrible people doing terrible things, of human suffering and human greed.  I don't need more in the form of a novel.  I will say that it was well written.  But I would recommend it to no one.
A weak version of Gone Girl. It is hard to sympathize with the main character she is so depressing. At the end the plot thickens and the book accelerates, but it was pretty obvious who the bad guy was earlier on.
Paula Hawkins again takes us on a dark and twisted ride. The ups and downs of the plots and the highs and lows of her characters are so compelling you won't want to put the book down until you've reached the end.
Well written the tempo just right with the rocking of a commuter train.  A real page turner, I enjoyed this right up to the very last sentence. Normally I don't care for mysteries. This one I liked and recommend.
Very readable thriller that makes a conscious effort to be "dark" (just like Gone Girl) and somehow pulls it off, even though it's often hard to suspend disbelief. What is this genre called? Chick-thrill?
This was a fast paced read, took me about two days to get through because I couldn't put it down.  Great character development, well written, and will keep you engaged.  I would read another novel by this author.
A very different story line with one surprise after another. It was an easy relaxing read and then a few shockers at the end. You are always solving the puzzle from beginning to the end. But you may not be right.
I hated this book, 300+pages of ramblings from an insane drunk!  I bought this based on all the rave reviews and stuck it out to the bitter end.  Sorry I didn't just return to Amazon after the first few chapters.
Pretty good read.  I knew "who done it", but it was more due to not many characters to choose from, rather than just predictability.  I enjoyed it even though I knew.  Interesting characters.  Good story.
I purchased this book as it was the number one best seller.  I sure don't know why it is number one.  Try Jeff Abbott's books if you really want a five star book, his first is a series is Adrenaline.  MUCH better
Full of suspense, that will keep the reader engaged, and turning pages to figure out if that last twist and turn in the plot will lead to the "who done it". Well worth the read and more than entertaining!
Started slow, then gathered speed.  Most pitiable female character ever.  Glad reality finally hit her and she learned the truth!  What a dangerous, over active imagination she had.  Perhaps the author does also.
I enjoyed this book.  It was very interesting.  The characters seemed so real. They were very unique and different. I think women would like it better than men because they would understand the characters better.
I really enjoyed this book.  The story starts slow, then builds in suspense.  The way the author put the story together is very good.  I would advise anyone wanting to read a good suspense story to buy this book.
I really liked this book because I couldn't figure out the killer until the end.  The story was frustrating because the main character was so flawed you just wanted to shake her.  I  found this story fascinating.
I usually don't care for murder mysteries, but this one held my interest all the way through. It has so many twists and turns.<br/>The author did a good job of bringing together all the characters' back stories.
This seemed to take forever to read. The story jumped around from character to character and was very confusing. Finally  realized each person was giving there account of each incidence. I did not enjoy the story
This is a great "Who Done it?" The fun is to wade through the plausible red herrings to come up with the culprit. Try and put this book down after you have read the first 20%, which is set up information.
The story began slowly. You need to be aware it is written from different points of view-so watch the name above each chapter heading. This is a mystery which has a surprising and yet somewhat predictable ending.
It was hard to get into at first but then you start to understand the main character as you read. She is not a likable person but you connect to her cause you see her for what she is.  You like her  near the end.
This book is very "different".  I often read a book, enjoy it and then forget it a couple of weeks later.  This one still has me thinking months later.  It is a page turner and will keep you very engaged.
Though I finished the book, I couldn't find a character to like except maybe the baby. It didn't take too long to suspect who the killer was. I wish I'd stopped reading when I was only part way through the story.
I loved the book.  At first it was a bit confusing, but I stuck with it and wow, once I caught on to the story and found who was speaking, it was one I couldn't put down.  Great Book, Couldn't predict the ending.
Wow! If you're one to enjoy takes of misery, this ones for you. It was heartache from beginning to end. The plot was predictable and the tale was depressing. Like Gone Girl in a way, but not nearly as intriguing.
I love dark  mysteries and this is a great one.  I'm looking forward to reading more from this author.  She is very skillful at building suspense and the characters are well developed.  I definitely recommend it.
Hard to put down, I finished the book in two days. Wonderful, twisty plot kept me engaged. Not sure men would enjoy as much as women since the story is written entirely from the female protagonists point of view.
The story got off to a slow start with characters I couldnt warm up to,but as it twisted and turned through the plot, I found it hard to put down.  It was an interesting and unique situation that kept me guessing
I quite didn't know where the book was going when I first starting reading The Girl on the Train..... But all of a sudden this tangled mess of dysfunctional people comes together and it was difficult to put down.
Starts a bit slowly and at first the relationship between the characters is unclear. But all is not quite what it seems and there is a good twist in the plot. If you liked "Gone Girl"  you'll enjoy this.
I read this super fast so I could get to the end, I wanted to know what happened! Now that I look back, I don't think I missed much. It was a fun story, but the characters were annoying and the writing is so-so.
I wasn't sure if I would like this novel because it felt like all the other thriller types. But as I got into it more, I got sucked in and couldn't put it down. And I so didn't expect the ending but I should've.
A friend raved about The Girl on the Train so I made a point of reading it right away.  Although it was a good read, it didn't live up to my friend's hype in my opinion.  The unique plot made it quite enjoyable.
Fun little read. The narrator is so unreliable that it kept me guessing lots of different scenarios--frankly, more complex and interesting ones than what it actually turned out to be. Still, I enjoyed the story.
This is a page-turner, can't put it down book!  The plot line keeps you one the edge of your seat right up until the last few pages, when all is finally revealed.  Skillfully woven twists, turns, and surprises!!
The reader is immediately drawn into this well-written story, which begins as a mystery, but turns into a murder mystery. I love the way it was written with the narratives of the different women. Very good read!
This book rates a 10. From the minute I began to read this to the very end, I couldn't put it down. The ending was a complete surprise. You could feel the pain that the 3 women experienced. So very well written.
Looked forward to reading this and found it a little disappointing after all the hype,<br/>on the best seller list so long ! Really did<br/>not like it that much,too much back and<br/>forth,became confusing .
I rarely pick up a book and just get absorbed with characters and the plot. I read this book in a week while I was traveling. Loved it! I would have given it 5 stars but I figured out the mystery before the end.
This book started very slowly in fact I nearly stopped reading.  Then it suddenly takes a twist and never stops.  Great book to read on holidays wouldn't recommend on the way to work as you will miss your stop!!
A true page turner... So many twists and angles. As things started to make sense and the story came together, I found myself howling aloud at the characters.<br/><br/>Best thriller I've read since "Gone Girl."
Seriously loved this character with all her flaws and secrets. She has a pure heart and is momentarily bewildered and lost in a sea of self loathing and self destruction.  This was a great ride and a great read,
I could not put this book down. It caught me up from the opening pages and forced me to read straight through.  The emotions are so strong and the story so gripping that I felt as though I was living through it.
I'm looking forward to reading more by Paula Hawkins.  I'm giving it the 4 star rating rather than 5 because I thought it was a little slow/ repetitive in some parts.  Otherwise - awesome and highly recommended!
It is slow to start.  I kept putting the book away and kept trying to give up reading but it would almost draw me back in.  Stick with it.  The last third of the book moves so quickly you may find yourself lost.
I liked it and it kept me interested but it just would not stop once we watched the girl's alchololism go on and on and never end.  Nothing seemed to help her until the end where she is almost shocked out of it.
Taught thriller, fun twisty read. Awesome at the beginning and end, but gets tiresome in between. The main character's alcoholism, though well-depicted, is quite annoying and detracts from the pace of the story.
Non-stop tension, with great twists and turns; right to the end. Twisted and dark with delightfully flawed characters. I really enjoyed the way the story was told from the perspectives of three different people.
What an interesting story of murder, cheating, lying, drinking!<br/>There are many interesting- well drawn characters who start connecting with each other in this who dunnit.<br/>This book is hard to put down.
Takes a while to understand the characters and their relationships since the narrative moves around but picks up the suspense and finishes as a page turner.
I didn't finish reading it.
Is an ok book. Nothing geat
Too disjointed for my taste
Very innovative story line.
Awful- as bad as Girl Gone.
To much hype for this read.
A waste of my reading time.
Well crafted suspense novel
I have just finished this book, and decided to come see if everyone thought it was as much fun as I did. Imagine my surprise when I see one-star reviews. I can only assume that those reviewers lived a charmed life devoid of alcoholism, infidelity, depression, loneliness, domestic violence, regrets, mistakes, or (heaven forbid) unlikable people!<br/><br/>I think Paula Hawkins did a great job creating morally gray characters who are more like real people than perhaps those one-star reviewers want to acknowledge. Everyone has something "unlikable" about them, and when creating realistic characters, it all has to be addressed.<br/><br/>I went from thinking Rachel was pathetic and crazy to feeling sorry for her to being fascinated by her to having sympathy for her and finally rooting for her in the end. And I couldn't put the book down!<br/><br/>So if you're reading the reviews, I'll say this. If you're not afraid of imperfect, possibly immoral characters struggling with: depression, loneliness, rejection, addiction, infidelity, dishonesty, and domestic violence, all wound into a pretty intriguing murder mystery, then give this book a try. If any of the above bothers you, go elsewhere.
This is a twisting story of the romantic dance between the two sexes with a terrible dark tangent!  The characters sound very real, and yet have a subtle problems that plays on their behavior. A very good read.
This is one of those stories that stay with you.  The characters feel very real and you're not sure who are the good guys and who are the bad guys until the end.  I can't wait to read more from this new author.
I had heard such good things about this book but for me it didn't live up to my expectations.  I found myself skipping over parts of the book just to get to the end which by the way was not all that surprising.
I loved this concept of the girl on the train, seeing things as she goes by.  It seems all the characters had serious disfuctionality.  Only one minor character was seemingly normal.  That got a little tedious.
Like a train, the story starts off slowly and the curiosity and suspense build as we meet the characters.  By the time the pieces of the puzzle reveal themselves you are part of the story and can't put it down.
I couldn't put the book down. I've been reading great things about this book all year and it didn't disappoint! Definitely wasn't in the mood for a sappy love story; this was the type of dark thriller I needed.
I really liked this book and the way the author develops the characters. However, it was a bit unsettling having the chapters switch so suddenly going from one character telling the story and then to the other.
I really liked the author's style, I felt like I knew these characters and what their reactions would be to the given circumstances. Yet the story was not predictable, I would recommend this, it's a great read.
Pulled me in quickly and kept me going until the end! Well-paced, interesting characters (although initially I thought there might be one too many), great ending.  Wouldn't change a thing, and highly recommend!
I really enjoyed the The Girl on The Train; it was well-written, decent character development.  It might've been just a little slow in the middle,  nonetheless it was suspenseful and held my interest to the end
This book is filled with suspense.  There is also a clear view of some unhappy people with problems who make unfortunate choices in trying to cope along with other seemingly rational people who are just creeps.
I thoroughly enjoyed the style in which this book was written. The reader is able to get a clear understanding of the three main characters personalitie's. I would recommend this book to fans of a good mystery.
Good story, keeps you engaged. We read this for book club and everyone liked the book.  However many of us felt it shared similarities with regards to the characters to "Before I go to Sleep" by Watson.
The Girl On The Train takes you on a ride that you will not forget. The lives of the characters are so interwoven throughout the book that you will be immersed in the story from the first chapter. A great read.
Loved this book!  Hearing the story from the point of views of the women in the story was intriguing. Very well written and would and have recommended it to anyone/everyone looking for a great read this summer.
Good read! It kept you guessing and speculating until the climax. Great job with character development. There were times that I would despise yet empathize for the same character in a chapter. Good page turner!
I was very excited to read this story, I had heard it was amazing.  I was also excited because the story takes place in London.  Unfortunately I found it depressing and even the ending wasn't shocking just sad.
It was gripping for sure but almost frustrating at times! I hated that it wasn't resolved until the last possible second.  I'm glad that Rachel was likable  and even though she had issues it made perfect sense.
I was disappointed based on all the rave reviews. There was too much poor, pitiful me whining in the middle of the book whereas the ending was way too rushed. Felt more college workshop than best selling novel.
Although I got a little tired of Rachel, "the girl on the train" repeating her mistakes, it's a well crafted book with some interesting twists and turns. If you enjoyed Gone Girl you'll enjoy this book.
Although I got a little tired of Rachel, "the girl on the train" repeating her mistakes, it's a well crafted book with some interesting twists and turns. If you enjoyed Gone Girl you'll enjoy this book.
Played like a movie the whole way through. Slow to start and then couldn't put it down. None of them really like able characters but realistically flawed and messy, so much that you have to root for them anyway
Because of all the hype, I guess I was disappointed.  I had it figured out in the first chapter. Not sure why it is a huge hit but basically, I would advise against buying this book if you read a lot. If you're the kind of person who only picks up a book once a year to hit the beach with, then you might like this book. Otherwise, pass on it.
Found this to be a very depressing read. All the characters were train wrecks. However, the author did a great job describing their emotions. So, much so, I felt depressed after reading about their sorry lives.
This is one of the best books I've read.  I actually listened to it on CD in the car and couldn't wait for my next drive.  I thought it was unique, intriguing and the characters compelling.  I highly recommend.
It wasn't a surprise ending but there were plenty of questions right to the end. About half way through I didn't think I'd go on and even read another book but eventually I picked it back up and I'm glad I did.
Most of the book was about what the characters are thinking and not what the characters were actually doing or what happens to them. There was very little dialogue and I found myself getting bored with the text
I've recommended this book to everyone. The story is well crafted, the characters interesting and the plot is full of twists and turns. The character development is amazingly subtle, yet powerful. A great read.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and found it difficult to put down.  Easy to read with characters that came to life.  If you like to read psychological thrillers read this one you will not be disappointed.
This book is a good read, even tho it's hard to have any sympathy for the female characters. They are a whiny and self centered lot. I enjoyed the story. It was suspenseful and gritty with an interesting twist.
For a long while it was difficult to read about the dis function in all the women, but the mystery kept me reading. Then to find that most of the problem stemmed from violent men! A sad story and a good mystery
This book kept me captivated from beginning to end. I loved the way it kept you on your toes and second guessing what you thought you knew. I would highly recommend  this book to anyone. A definite 5 star read!
I related immediately with Rachel, the main character. I couldn't put it down because I had to know what happens. The second half of the book was less intruiging, not bad at all, but more typical for a mystery.
This book was indefinitely a page turner. I usually read primarily chick lit, this book had opened my mind to other genres. There was apathy, thrill, humor. And psychosis. I would recommend this book to anyone.
This book had an interesting premise, and was a rewarding read for the first few chapters, but things get a little blurry after that. It might have gone off the rails. I can't remember. I must have blacked-out.
I read through the night to finish this book. At times, heartbreaking and suspenseful, this book was mesmerizing. With a protagonist I hated to love, I found myself rooting for the truth and this sad character.
A little slow on the start. Not all of the charecters are as well defined as I would have liked. There are several questions that are left unanswered at the end. On the whole a decent book but not a great one.
very good! I couldn't put it down and literally read it in a couple of hours. Very relatable and flowed easily...I usually don't like books when they flip through characters but the author made it very easy...
Ok a bit drawn out, some people say confusing. Let's say I would not recommend it, when there are so many good books out there, Grisham, Woods. Childs to name a few. Girl on the train was in my mind overrated.
Couldn't put the book down.  Didn't even fall asleep reading it. Altho, I pretty much figured out who "done it", it still came as a surprise concerning how it happened.  Easy quick , entertaining read.
I can easily understand why this book is on the NY time best seller list for several weeks. It delves deeply into the minds of the main characters. There was never a boring section and was exciting throughout.
Seriously, at the beginning of the book, I should have made a graphic organizer to keep up with the details of each character. I feel like I need to go back and do that now- hindsight is 20/20. Excellent read.
This book kept me going and was a quick read.  I thought the ending would be a bit more of a surprise, but it sort of led up to where I knew who the killer was before it was told.  I did enjoy the book though.
After hours of tedious reading (was it Rachel or Tom, Anna, the therapist, the red-haired stranger???)  I no longer cared whodunit, and wished all the characters would simply kill themselves and end my misery.
The characters all had emotional problems. Good mystery and story. A bit confusing at first as it switches from character to character both real and imagined. You won't be sorry you chose this for a good read.
Twists and turns through an alcoholic mind, then it opens to bring in more characters. Having taken trains for years, I can understand the fascination with the houses and people you see daily along the tracks.
This novel keeps you riveted from page one with descriptions and character development wanting you to turn to the next page. While you can figure out who the killer was you still keep reading to see it unfold.
I very much loved this book.  Great character development and writing style.  It takes a chapter or two to draw you in but it's well worth the time.  I would definitely suggest it to other readers out there :)
The narrative constantly shifts from one protagonist to another, forward and backward in time, crazy quilting in the story line and pulling the reader along to a somewhat predictable but satisfying conclusion.
Not one!<br/>It's a sad state of affairs when an author has to reach down to the lowest form of life to draw inspiration from and create an alcoholic, a whore, a gold digger, a psychopath and a clueless fool.
It's an interesting story with aLmost no admirable characters.  I found it a little hard to follow as it moves from character to character and the dates of each chapter are important.  Would make a good movie.
A complex page-turner all the way to the end.  Keeps you in suspense; but what a soap opera!  Be sure you pay attention to the name of the person at the beginning of each chapter or you could  become confused.
Clever book. Decent  read. I found the main character, Rachel  terribly  dislikable.  So I  dropped a star for that, as I skimmed several of her sections just so I could get to the end and learn what happened.
Loved this book!  The story is a mystery thriller as well as a journey of self discovery and personal motivations. You root for the protaganist who is a  complete mess as she plays gumshoe in this page turner.
"The Girl on the Train" is a page turner but to me the ending was disappointing. It's a quick read and definitely kept my interest but in the end I felt as though the conclusion didn't make much sense.
A well crafted tale which kept my attention throughout the book. Excellent plot development with very effective use of past and present switching between characters as the reality of the situation is revealed.
This is pure soap opera and I have never been a fan of soap operas!  I've only read this book because my book club chose it.  I can't imagine anyone in my club will have anything good to say about this trivia!
It was good, but it became a little redundant being on a train everyday.  Don't know why it was on the Best Seller List.....?<br/>Why is the ending of the books we read today, the best part is the 1/4 ending?
Great story.  Well woven together.  Pay attention to the dates of each section as you read.  The timeline switches back and forth.  Great "Book Club" discussion book or just one to curl up with on a rainy day.
Easy reading. Although it took a while for the story to get off the ground, about the half way point, it moved nicely once it got there. The characters were developed nicely. I'd recommend it for mystery fans.
A very exciting look at relationships from multiple angles.  Good crime novel, too!  There's a reason this novel is a best seller. The novel shows that one never can understand a relationship from the outside.
Alcoholism, narcissism, co-dependency-overwhelms the reader.  The only thing that kept me interested in finishing the book was to find out who the perpetrator was.  Not a read for anyone even mildly depressed!
Loved it! Couldn't put this book down. If you loved 'Gone Girl,' you'll love 'The Girl on the Train.' Completely different story line but with similar twists to keep you excited to learn what will happen next.
A five star book without a doubt. It's one of those books that leaves you guessing the whole way through. Like being on a rollercoaster with lots of ups and downs, a thriller ride for sure. Highly recommended!
I didn't care much for this book and sold it back to Amazon. It didn't seem much like a thriller to me compared to many other authors I have read.<br/>I only bought it as I saw it was advertised so much, etc.
Well developed plot and characters, and a good story line.<br/>If you are like first - person narratives, and some plot twists, this is the book.<br/>If you liked "Gone Girl", this is your next book.
Compelling storytelling moves the reader along on this 'train ride.' Multiple narrators keep you wondering what is really going on and question what you know, while the ending satisfies and perhaps surprises.
Believe this to be a good book for many other readers; however, I just could not maintain interest in the book by the methodology used in presenting the story.  Seemed to linger in areas and moved too slowly.
Well-written, precisely plotted psychological thriller, and deftly sketches one unreliable narrator after another. It's a tightly woven mystery with painful secrets and startling truths revealed along the way.
The writers premise was creative and interesting.  I expected more from the novel because it has been so popular.  When I finished, my response was "Really??"  It is worth reading but not a great book
Great twist in story - writing is exceptional - I gave it three stars because characters were too unlikable. A murderer, an alcoholic and having extra marital affairs...along with other depressing characters.
Couldn't relate to the main character so it was difficult to get into the novel. Clueless police and obvious red herrings - no detecting of any sort. Ended up skimming much of the book just to get to the end.
No redeeming characters until the very end.  A true "who dunnit".  Keeps you interested and guessing the entire time.  The only downside was trying to keep up with the dates that also doubled as sub-chapters.
Not what I expected.  It was a confusing story at first until I figured out that it was narrated by different persons in each chapter.  After figuring it out, the story was somewhat interesting but not great.
This book kept me interested from the first page, and through the narrow and twisting hallways of the plot. There were clues that I missed because I was racing along the story's tracks. This was a great book!
Great book!  It was suspenseful with interesting, complex characters that you wanted to love, hate, suspect, sympathize with...all rolled into one.  So glad I read this!  Can't wait to see if a movie is made!
Paula Hawkins book, THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is one of those rare books, in my opinion, where the delivery of the punchline is balanced by the slow build up of the characters and mystery and does not disappoint.
The book was great. The writing was very good and the story keep me reading into the wee hours of the morning. I couldn't put it down and the ending was a surprise and one of the best reads in a while for me.
Long, drawn out, keeps switching characters every chapter. I was lost and didn't really care what happens. Got about half way thru and gave up. Way too much detail not enough going on. Book dragged on and on.
A little hard to get into;  hard to tell the female characters apart. But further in, I got used to the switching from one woman to another in the chapters and became anxious to find out what really happened.
What a thriller! It reminded me of an Alfred Hitchcock novel. It was fast paced and gripping. It was hard to put down. Paula Hawkins did a wonderful job with this one. I'm sure we'll be reading more from her.
EXCELLENT novel that keeps you in suspense. Unlike anything have read before. The characters are so real and you think you know each one of them personally. A must read!!! Full oh love,dysfunction, and murder
Excellent book. That is why it is on the best seller list. Written from different points of view, the reader sees the thinking of various characters and their involvment in the mystery. I highly recommend it.
I read this book because many of the reviews compared it to Gone Girl, which I loved. However, it wasn't nearly as twisted. I enjoyed reading it and read it over 2 days. Ultimately in the end I was surprised!
I  loved the plot, the interesting characters and how Hawkins developed their relationships.  This is a book I have suggested to many of my reader friends.  I hope she has more books.  Thank you Paula Hawkins
I did a speed read through this novel.  Could NOT put it down.  How wonderful for the new, young author to have such success on her maiden voyage.  I look forward to many more exciting works from Ms. Hawkins!
A little hard to follow in the first few sections, as the characters are built, picks up pace and keeps you awake all night to finish. Great read. Recommended for those who enjoy mystery, suspense, thrillers.
Dark but addictive book. Perfectly paced book. No spots where you just wanted to get on with it.  I felt the main character didn't always act in a realistic fashion but that didn't detract from the storyline.
What a edge of your seat book. I did not think it would be a great ending but it was. I'm not usually into mystery/suspense and thriller. This had it all!<br/>I'm going to check out some of her other books.
It is OK but I didn't think it lived up to all the hype.  To compare it to The Gone Girl is a huge stretch.  I almost quit part way through but kept thinking it would improve.  Disappointed to say the least.
Compelling and disturbing in a "can't put it down" sort of way.  The author paints a clear picture of the characters and surroundings.  While writing this review, I am actually visualizing the story.
Great book! It keeps you guessing right to the last pages! You had to really pay attention to the alternating persons and dates per chapter, but it was a complete page turner.....a book I didn't want to end.
This plot totally messes with your mind. I loved it. Ms. Hawkins draws the reader in with her superb storytelling. The alternating viewpoints are awesome. And until the end you really don't know who did it!!
The story timeline jumps around too much and I found the main character very unsympathetic and couldn't ever see myself caring about her.  The writing strikes me as self indulgent and needlessly complicated.
Sucked me in right away. Which is important  to me because if I don't  get into it with the first 2 chapters, I probably  won't  finish it. You must pat attention  to the time frame and details of the story.
First book that captured me from beginning to end in a long time. I experienced it on audible over the course of a couple of long trips.  I really enjoyed the story and would listen to it, or read it, again.
Good suspense. I felt nervous for what the main character was going to do next - one bad decision after another. As the story picked up momentum, it became harder and harder to put down. This is a good read.
I enjoyed every page of this story.  Could not wait to pick the book up. It was an excellent summer read and look forward to more from the author! Glad I finally took it out of my wish list and purchased it.
Interesting read, right up until the finish!<br/><br/>Life is a journey--two roads divided. One road leads to honesty. The second road leads to deceit! The choice is yours.<br/><br/>The Girl On The Train
I read this book on a trip and it took a little effort to remember the characters as they become very intertwined as the book progresses. Fun read though and I like the way it keep you guessing till the end.
Loved this book.  It is incredibly well written.  The author switches back and forth between the POV of several characters and it is very well executed.  The story is captivating and will keep you sucked in.
While the story telling from multiple points of view is pivotal, in the early stages of the book it can be a little confusing.  I constantly had to remind myself which character was presenting the narrative.
This is Paula Hawkins' first thriller and i can't wait for her to write another. You need to keep your wits about you to follow the characters and the timeline but you are kept intrigued right until the end.
Lots of exciting plot points, a real page turner. I read it in just a few days because I couldn't put it down. 4 stars because while it is good, you have a hard time really rooting for any of the characters.
Very well written - no surprise that it has been No.1 & 2 on the best-seller list (in Australia at least) for months.  The tension was maintained throughout.  A great effort considering it's her first novel.
I'm not much of a suspense novel reader, but I really enjoyed this book and finished it in just 3 days. I thought I knew what was going to happen, but I'll be honest, the ending really caught me by surprise!
Thought it started out very slow and didn't really get interesting until about half the way through.  Too<br/>much like "Girl Gone".  Couldn't help but feel bad every time Rachel took another drink.
This is a fabulous book with flawed characters, and interesting set of circumstances, and great writing.  Story very believable.  A must read thriller. Best book I've read all year and I read a lot of books!
A bit slow on the uptake, but within a few chapters was hooked. I did have to glance back at the dates a couple times to keep scenes corrects, but completely worth it when you get to the end. Wonderful read.
As far as mysteries go, this one wasn't that bad. I thought it was a quick read, one of those that you take to the beach this summer. I don't know why some people are comparing this to " Gone Girl ".
Only gave four stars because I figured it out a little early. Also, it was a little slow in the beginning. However, halfway through the pace picked up considerably. Well written with a little different take.
too much back paging for dates/names.... I never read Gone Girl so I can't compare it to that book like everyone seems to... but I really don't see how this remained #1 on the best seller list for so long...
Simply great!  From the beginning you don't know where things are going, but you have to find out.  Because of the complexities of all the characters, you are never sure what any of them is capable of doing.
Although this book came highly recommended and it was a fast read, I didn't like any of the characters so it was hard to get caught up in the "who- done-it" aspect. I was not surprised by the ending.
Thanks for the cheers and tears and fears...you are an awesome writer.  Thanks again for taking us on a train ride with you as we look into the lives of strangers that are so very familiar.  You have a gift.
I had read a couple of bad reviews, so I avoided this book. Do yourself a favor, ignore the bad reviews and read it. The Girl on the Train is a thriller, which will leave you breathless in the final moments.
I liked how the author moved  from Meagan to Anna to Rachel. Great character development. It was also interesting to see the point of view of an alcoholic.  This book shows what fallen mankind is capable of.
Long, dark, disturbing and boring.  I am not sure why this book is getting such good ratings??  I didn't care about the characters at all.  I just wanted to get to the ending after the first couple chapters.
Hard to follow, the first person narratives of the 3 women are so close in tone, that it's hard to tell them apart without rereading.  This book was highly rated, but I found it repetitive and disappointing.
I'd recommend the audio version as a portrayal of the characters in the story it also helps to differentiate who is who as the story deepens into its paranoia and mystery - I could hardly put the story down!
The story is quite well written,and the author skillfully feeds us bits of the backstory a little at a time. However, it was very hard to empathize with the characters and the values reflected in this novel.
Really enjoyed the suspense of the novel. The telling of the story through the different chacters  made the story line flow. Fast read and remarkable ending. Would read another novel by this talented author.
A brilliant read, from start to finish.  This is the sort or novel that stays with you long after you've finished it, almost as if you have to shake the characters off of you in order to get back to reality.
Good story with a good end. So many books end without a good wrap up or a satisfying one. This one delivers. And the story to get there...I couldn't put it down until I did-and I'm not usually a fast reader.
This book a unique way of telling a story through the eyes of a woman watching people from the train.  Her ideas of their lives and later discovers how different her perceptions are.  Many twists and turns!!
A fast and totally entertaining read.  Keeps you guessing right until the end.  And even though things ultimately get wrapped up pretty neatly,  Hawkins leaves you with a few unsettled pieces.  I liked that.
It was a page turner and I liked that, but not as well written as "Gone Girl". I was disappointed that the plot was so transparent, but I still had to read it to the end to find out that I was right.
It dragged.  I don't know how it could have been made to move faster, but somewhere along the line I grew annoyed with each character and at the end I had totally ceased to care what happened to any of them.
Very dark thriller that involves alcoholism, infidelity, and jealousy. I often had a hard time putting the book down, always wanting to know what happens next. The twist ending was what made this book great!
I would recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a suspenseful book. I liked how each chapter was written by a different woman's perspective, but would liked to hear from some if the male characters.
The climax happens at the very last few pages and for me that was a little too long to follow the daily story the main character. However, I do like the changing dates and story point from person to person.
I held off reading this book, as it isn't the gengre that hold my attention. I must say it really kept me captivated all the way to the end. I'm looking forward to another book by this author in the future.
Good summer read, but not great. What separates good from great in this genre is unpredictability and the element of surprise. Unfortunately, I wasn't surprised by the denouement of this well-written novel.
Gripping.  I found myself cheering for one character over another.  If you don't pay Attention to the date at the start of new Chapters, you will find yourself back reading.  I try<br/>Y enjoyed this read.
It hooked me in with the "who done it" so I read it to the end but I had low tolerance for Rachel the main character and the nasty personality of her ex husband.  They were fairly despicable people.
I really enjoyed the book because it kept me wondering and on my toes. however, there were times the writing is a bit confusing and didn't flow as well as I would've liked, when the transitions felt abrupt.
One of those books you can't read fast enough and can't wait to see if your suspicion  is right! Lots of characters to keep you guessing almost to the end. I loved it and will check out authors other books.
I loved this book. It had the same thrilling, stay-with-you-even-after-you-finish-it quality of Gone Girl. I sat and read the last quarter of the book without putting it down. I would highly recommend this.
I started reading this book on the commuter rail to work one morning and couldn't put it down! The different characters and perspectives make for an interesting read and the ending is completely unexpected!
It was just okay because I felt no compassion for the main character until the end when she decided to set up.  I was not surprised by the ending since it was easy to see that angle.  No much mystery to it.
The suspense was enough to keep me reading for answers, yet times where I felt the need to skip a paragraph or two. I enjoyed the craziness and confusion of multiple relationships sowing seeds of confusion.
An interesting, twisty plot, but can be a bit confusing at times as each chapter jumps to a different character and time and place. The Girl on the Train held my attention, though and was a worthwhile read.
Fascinating and often gripping to read the different women's perspectives on and engagements with the strange and gruesome events going on beside the railroad tracks of that London suburban rail line. . . .
Really enjoyed this book.  Hard to put down .  Rich characters.  Suspenseful.  Kept me guessing for two thirds of the book and still had doubt till the final reveal.  If you like Gone Girl, give this a try.
Thought it was boring. I didn't like any of the characters.  Can't figure out why so many people like this book.  Is it because it comes on the heels of Gone Girl and they just like the genre? A bore to me.
I read this book because it was compared to Gone Girl - So I was expecting a 'twist' but I found it a little too easy to figure out. The writing was good and the characters are realistic. Still a good read.
I was completely engrossed by this book.  I couldn't put it down and finished it in an afternoon.  I wanted to hate the protagonist, but she was written so well that I couldn't.  It was a pleasant surprise!
The main character is such a mess, you feel bad for her. She creates this illusion about these people and gets wrapped up in their lives, and the story picks up speed and you can't wait to see what happens.
This book has been compared to Gone Girl, while it is a good and fast read, it isn't quite as good, hence the four stars instead of five.  It is enjoyable, well written, and a good mystery in its own right.
The main character is well introduced and un-wrapped that I started reacting and pre-judging as I would have in real life. Suspense is built-up and sustained well enough I finished the book in one sitting.
One of the better books I've read in quite a while. Well written. Twists and turns. Left me guessing right to the end.  Highly recommended.  I hope they make it into a movie. This would make a great movie.
I had a hard time getting into this book and following the story as you heard from each of the three women, back and forth - but the ending was well worth sticking with it.  So glad I stayed until the end.
I'm not much of a reader because I lose interest quickly.  I couldn't put this book down, I found myself reading it every spare moment.  I would highly recommend it to everyone that loves a murder mystery.
Nice, easy read about a woman coming to grips with how her alcoholism is impacting her life. A page turning thriller emerges as the story of Rachel and several other neighboring women's stories intertwine.
After I got into the book,  I couldn't put it down. I read it on a long flight and the time went by so quickly. I love the different point of views from three different characters.  Definitely a good read.
Yeah everyone says "I couldn't put it down!" But really, I was trading soeep hours to keep reading. Fortunately it is a fast read book, do yourself a favor, set aside a day and read it all at once.
What I enjoyed was the gradual revealing of all the interconnected story lines with the trains acting as a constant back drop. Well written and fast paced with unexpected twists of both plot and character.
Intriguing but slow moving. Characters not too believable. Wanted to finish simply because it was a best seller and was compelled to finally catch the excitement of all the hoopla, but that never happened.
This book was intriguing and suspenseful. It was one of those books that, as soon as I finished it, I called my friends to ask who wanted to read it next. I just needed to have someone to talk to about it!
It isn't my cup of tea. It is a waste of time  to read book like this for me.almost from the beginning you have to know what will happen.For  some people it must be entertaining  so I gave it three stars .
I enjoyed the book because as a reader, I came to know all of the women and their different perspectives on life.  Their lives were interwoven but the reader doesn't understand how until the final chapter.
It could be a little confusing because the author jumps around among the characters (always in first person) and jumps around in time. But the overall plot was good and the ending resolved all the details.
If you like Gone Girl you will probably like this book.  The 3 characters (Anna, Rachel, and Megan) each tell their story from the first person.  Each one of them is psychotic and twisted in their own way.
I finished this book less than a week that I purchased it. Huge page tuner I probably would have finished it early if my son would have let me lol. Great book can't wait for the movie hope it does justice.
This was just ok. It was readable, but I was never very vested in any of the characters and I found the plot fairly predictable. There are only five main characters and you know one of them is responsible.
The novel read very quickly and really made me stay with it to the surprise ending. There was a bit of Gone Girl in it which I enjoyed. Yes, I would, have and will recommend it to others. Keep them coming!
A story that keeps you turning the page to see what's next. Many twists and turns! I love that there are only a few characters that are all involved in a twisted plot that keeps you guessing until the end!
Crack open a canned gin and tonic and start reading.  The Girl on the Train is a quick, fun read full of characters who all need some serious help. I enjoyed it. The Kindle edition still has several typos.
This book grabbed my attention from the very first page.  The author keeps the reader in suspense as to what is really happening right up to the end. I absolutely loved this book and could not put it down.
I love to read a book that I can tell the author loved writing... This is that book. The characters came straight from the author's heart. Read it so you will have benchmark for solid, well-written novels.
I could not put this book down! As miserable as the main character was, I really was on her side.  This was much more enjoyable than Gone Girl and written in a way that just kept you reading until the end.
The perspective of a train passenger watching a house through the window, imagining the lives of the handsome couple residing there, brought a unique and intriguing spin to this quality mystery. Well done.
Terrible, hard to follow the characters.  I didn't finish the book, my husband did finish it but didn't like it.  I haven't talked to anyone who did like it.  In fact, I thought it was a rather sick theme.
This story was so intriguing; the back and forth of characters and the intimate thoughts we bounce around in our heads. It was raw and enthralling. A bit gruesome at points...but I would imagine murder is.
This book totally surprised me.  I thought I had it figured out but not.  First couple chapters were slow but once I got into the story, just had to keep going.  This was a very good book and well written.
The characters and storyline were certainly unique and interesting.  I did find the plot a bit slow in spots, and I had a hard time associating with any of the characters.  A good book, but not a thriller.
Thoroughly enjoyed the imagery, the emotional and psychological drama, and the twists and turns in the interpersonal relationships developed throughout this story. Kept me engaged and wondering to the end.
I enjoyed it very much.  Kept me reading to "solve the mystery"!  There are several twists & turns, which make it quite difficult to know who the culprit is.  I was quite pleased that I ordered it.
Altho it was hard to put down, it was also depressing that persons can be so down on themselves. All the characters were dismal souls. I like the surprise at the end, am glad I read it, but glad it's done.
Love the way the story is being told, from the perspectives of 3 women who crossed their lives at some point. Am looking forward to seeing more from the author. Would definitely recommend for an easy read!
I got frustrated with the characters.  That's a really good thing I guess, because I was involved in the book... but I wanted to put it down many times because of it as well.  The end really picks up pace.
I like the different perspectives and the characters. The good vs evil in all of us, with a flavor of fantasy. Truth is, most people like drama, but typically not their own. This book highlights that, too.
I was fascinated, absorbed and, ultimately, surprised at the resolution of the plot! I have never read a book anything like this one. The plot is unique and the writing is flawless. I couldn't put it down!
Great story! I enjoyed the writing style, and how well developed the characters were. Definitely, not a predictable story line. I couldn't put this book down. Look forward to reading more from this author.
kept my attention until final chapter and only then do you start to suspect the villain!!! like the concept of going back and forth between main characters on their prospective of the shared circumstances.
It took forever to get to the story about this poor woman who just rode back and forth to London on a train. It took awhile to identify with the several characters in the book when all you knew was a name.
Interesting concept; enjoyed the different character interactions in addition to their private thoughts; the plot continued to take unexpected turns; and I was genuinely surprised.  Good mix of characters.
This book should be called a roller coaster.  The twists and turns the author supplies have you hanging on by a thread.  I won't give it away, but if you're looking for an adventure,  this book is for you.
The Girl on the Train started somewhat slowly, but then it really picked up.  It is a book that you won't want to put down.  Really, really enjoyed it and highly recommend it.  It would make a great movie.
What a great book/  Like reading a Hitchcock movie/  It's going to make a great movie/ Too bad Bette Davis and Joan Fontaine aren't alive/ The best book I have read in a long time and I read a lot of books
Kind of discouraging book. Makes one thankful they are not a drinker. The end, of course, was the best part. The book was slow till almost half way through. I really would not recommend it as a great read!
A "can't put it down" read!  Love the first person narration of each character and their humanity with all their flaws.....a great murder mystery!  I will look for more of Paula Hawkins' books now.
Good story who visualizes people in their homes as she rides by on the train.  Suddenly she is involved.  Interesting. Compares itself to Gone Girl - although it is good, it is not as intense as Gone Girl.
who loved this book. I read it all in one sitting; I could not put it down.  I had that oh-so-hard to achieve "willing suspension of disbelief"....I was in this story.<br/>Read it. It's astoundingly good.
A real mind twister. The development of the characters skillfully done.  I didn't figure out the plot until the end of the book.  My emotions were all over the place.  Only now am I able to really breathe.
The book is long and plodding. It spends too much time on Rachel, not enough time on the other characters...we know little about the men in this novel.
Wasn't as gripped by it as the hype suggested I should be. Couldn't deal with the constant date/people changes and the outcome was fairly predictable and meant the last few sections were rather pointless.
I am sorry but I thought the book was okay.  I could not empathize with any of the characters.  I hated them all.  I felt sorry for the roommate and the husband of the murdered wife but that was about it.
I loved the way the characters spoke from each chapter.  It was a little difficult at first to remember who was who, but once I got it, I was anxious to hear from each of them and put the puzzle together.
Great mystery story with a great ending.  I love to see the "bad guy<br/><br/>Great mystery story.  A page turner with a satisfying ending.  I love to see the "bad guy" get what he deserves.
so so good.  if you know anyone w/an alcohol problem,,,this book will give you a jolt.  it portrays the depths of alcohoism,,mixed in w/a murder.  very goood,,,fast paced.  i made everyone i know read it.
quick read, very interesting premise, a good mystery and a rather good character study of each individual involved.  Hawkins describes an alcoholic's downfalls very well and how it clouds one's judgement.
highly recommend this book which keeps you guessing till then end. So far everyone I've talked to who read this didn't guess the culprit, and the book has developed quite a following with local book clubs
I am not a regular reader of mystery or suspense, but I really enjoyed this book.  The book kept me at the edge of my seat and the "who done it" factor kept me guessing until the end. Wonderful!!!
Excellent book that kept me gripped throughout. Even though it was slow to develop and get to the point, I kept reading because I wanted to find out where it was heading with this deeply flawed character.
I'm not a big reader, but so many people were talking about this book I thought I'd give it a try. Great storyline... some nights I couldn't put I down. only took about a week of casual reading to finish.
A page-turner to the max! Loved the back and forth between the unreliable narrators. However, I would have liked some more character development. Rachel, as a character, did not fully come to life for me.
I liked how this was told from multiple perspectives. With all those perspectives it kept you Guessing. It seemed a little Gone Girl, so if you enjoyed that then you may enjoy this. This was well written.
From the reviews before I purchased it, the book sounded very interesting. I'm all for psychological issues and different point of views. I find that it was all hyped up for nothing. Pretty disappointing.
Very fast moving and full of twists. Hard to put down. The more you get into the story, the more complex it gets. Very believable characters and plot; highly engaging all the way to the convincing ending.
This was draggy.  I figured it out way before I should had. I like a good mystery this was not. Was actually depressing.<br/>I am surprised at the amount of "you have to read this book" comments.
I had never heard of this author, but she is quite good.  It was a little hard at first to follow the chapters as they went back and forth in time, but I caught on pretty quickly.  She keeps you guessing!
I like the way the story is told  from different points of views and timelines. I enjoyed this story because it kept you thinking and wondering the entire time. Fast moving story and developed characters.
I didn't think it was as great as everyone has said that even though it is #1 on the NY Times bestseller list, I was a bit disappointed in the book -- found it a bit confusing -- it was though interesting
I did not enjoy this book at all.  I read about one fourth of the book and then quit reading,  It did not hold my interest at all. Jumping back and forth from one character to another became boring to me.
Great book. One of the best books I have read in a long time. It is one of those books that you think about after you finish reading it. Very well written. I will be looking for more books by this author.
This is a reverting novel that keeps one going and not wanting to put it down. The author cleverly puts the suspicion on several characters and it isn't until near the end when the hints are given for the culprit.  Some women will marry anyone to be married and it is better to read the paper while riding the train than letting the imagination run wild.
Reviews suggested this book was a logical follow-on to "Gone Girl." In some respects, maybe, but I found it less compelling. Seemed like too many red herrings on the way to finding out who did it.
This is a quick read, a "page turner" I suppose. It's the sort of book I wish I'd checked out of the library rather than paying for, because although it was "fun" to read, I doubt I'll ever read it again.
Once I figured out that there was more than one narrator the book was a page turner. Several narrators bring perspective to the inner thoughts of each character as their web is intricately woven together.
Yes it's a mystery but I'm not usually that excited about the genre but this seems so much more inventive and creative with all the tenseness demanded by mystery readers. It's fun.<br/><br/>A woman, Rachel, commutes to work by train in London everyday. She sees the same backyards twice a day. She invents names and story lines for them. There is one couple that is seemingly perfect. She admires them and we learn a bit about her own failed romances. She projects happiness and fulfillment until she sees something that cracks the perfect image.<br/><br/>The narration is hers until the author switches us to two other women including the one observed from the train; Megan and Annie. Their lives collide. Bad things happen. Rachel is a raging alcoholic with a life spiralling through the floor. Annie is no saint either. And Megan has big secrets to hide.<br/><br/>There are complicated romances. Three narrations overlap and converge. No one trusts anyone leading to misunderstandings, misleading half truths and possibly danger. I found myself reaching for the book whenever I had put it down.<br/><br/>I loved the pace, the originality and well worth a read.
Not amazing, but not a waste of time either. It's a good beach read/page-turner. Not on the same caliber as Gone Girl, but worth the read nonetheless.
I had a really hard time getting into this book.... I'm unsure if it was too contrived for my tastes or if I just didn't stick with it long enough. Whatever the reason, it didn't really hold my interest.
This things starts out great and then it just goes on and on and on--I am not sure if I can even finish it!!!  How it got such high ratings is the real mystery here.  It is slow and boring after a while.
Loved this book!  It was suspenseful until the very end!  First couple chapters were a bit slow but once it got going, I was unable to put it down.  If you liked Gone Girl, You'll love Girl on the Train!
I thought this book was trying too hard to be the next Gone Girl, which it didn't live up too. It was a fun read but somehow disappointing. I probably would have liked it more if I hadn't read Gone Girl.
The book is an easy read with many twist, I read it for a book club group and we all enjoyed it. It is somewhat dark but not keep you awake at night dark. If you like mysteries, you will enjoy this book.
Slow start took a while to understand the changing people in the narrative. After that it was a very good book. Pay attention to who is talking or you will be confused. Had to keep checking the timeline.
This book was extremely tedious to read and I could not in-amour myself to the main character at all, which maybe I was not suppose to. Either way it was not a book that grabbed my attention or interest.
Just loved the organization of this twisted story. Three women connected in such a bizarre way. Three intriguing perspectives. Couldn't help but feel badly for Rachel, the epitome of a victim. Great read
This book was Slow but steady. It was slightly predictable but well written. I didn't understand the point of Rachel- why she was even significant-which for the main character was slightly disappointing.
This was a great novel to listen to while I was driving or taking a walk. It was suspenseful and full of wonderful details. I was captivated by the storytelling and how the characters' lives intertwined.
The book was so good that I  couldn't put it down. The characters were complex and fully developed. The story kept me guessing throughout. I felt like I had been to the neighborhood that was the setting.
Good book. it was interesting how the author wove the three women's stories together. The only spoiler, I found the continuous description of Rachel's alcoholism really nauseating by the end of the book.
It was hard to keep my interest in the book at first, but as the story unfolds it brings you in. I did not like the format of jumping from one character to the next, but I guess its part of the intrigue.
A good way to describe an imaginary image  of people seen every day from train.  This was especially interesting because it happens to be the area in which the G On Train used to live with first husband.
Very different plot that held my interest the entire way to the end.  Good character development, but just enough kept back that you don't know the end until the end!  Can't wait for more by this author.
Loved this book!  Though the ending was a bit weird and rushed, it did not take away from the rest of the book.  Kept me intensely interested--I couldn't wait to get home from work each day to read more!
Wonderful character development. — Great plot — Intense psychological dynamics —  I both wanted it to end to get some resolution, and I wanted it to go on forever with its its brilliant twists and turns.
"The Girl on A Train" is an entertaining thriller. I couldn't put it down,and finished it quickly!  It is not your typical thriller and the characters are real and engrossing. A great beach read.
Thought this book was fine but definitely not worth all the hype. Actually not a fan of books constantly pointing out a drunk. Carried this too far. Figured out this big ending half way through the book.
I really liked it. It was a bit hard at first because it jumps from person to person and time to time. But once I got the jist of that, the read was intriguing and quick. Finished it in less than 1 week.
I enjoyed this book despite the fact I don't usually read mysteries.  The characters are well developed and the plot keeps you turning the pages.  This is a quick read, good for the beach or an airplane.
Well this was a great book once you get to the Middle to end. The first part is all about character buildup which is very necessary for the ending. I love the way it ended one of the best I've ever read.
An exceptional book with lots of themes. A combination of characters that did not mix well. The book was well written and easy to follow because of its method of organization. It was well worth the read.
This book just dragged on and on with seemingly no destination much like her journey on the train.  Very very tiresome .....even the characters were boring and uninteresting  a total waste of my time !!!
I had a hard time following this story. The alternate story lines were scattered. The drinking of the main character was both boring and agonizing.  It didn't pick up for me until quite late in the book.
A very interesting novel about several personalities with similar issues i.e. Alcohol addiction, narcissistic personalities, and neediness.  Well written, a good read, entertaining, good twist at ending.
I really enjoyed this book in its entirety. It is a great mystery which takes you on a roller coaster complete with ups, downs, and sharp turns. I found myself thinking about the storyline even when I wasn't reading it!
A pretty vanilla whodunit. I did like the complexity of the lead character but the writing style was, in my opinion, bland and unoriginal. It did keep me engaged to the end though so I will give it that.
This is my favorite book in years! I honestly cannot stop bringing this book up in conversation to brag about how great it was. It's been weeks since I finished it and Rachel's voice is still in my head.
Read it in 2 days...  loved the plot and the character development....  so real !  Could see it as a movie/ tv serial as I read it...  It was what we all do "speculate" on the lives of others....
Dont waist your time...!!!
It was a waste of my time!
Boring and poorly written.
A suspenseful page turner.
There was enough suspense to keep me reading but it was not a pleasant or exciting read. The protagonist was annoying as hell and there wasn't even one sympathetic character in the book. A 3 star 'meh'.
Not as good a read as I thought it would be especially since it has been on the Best Seller list for such a long time.  Took me awhile to get into the book but about halfway through, then it got better.
I loved this book.  It was very suspenseful and kept my attention though out the book.  I LOVED the characters and how the book was set up so I was getting 3 different perspectives all through the book.
P. Hawkins is a skillful author with a great attention to detail and nuanced psychological analysis of the various characters, both male and female; captures the typical British cultural idiosyncrasies.
4-4.5 stars. I really enjoyed this book. I seriously had no clue where it was going, and that, I liked! There are some really messed up characters in this book!. Everyone had their issues. It was messy.
Rachel was hard to like and the first half of the book was very slow, as slow as the lurching train.  However, the suspense in the end redeemed the book for me and I was glad I had continued reading it.
It was a good book read.lot of twist and turns with a surprise ending. I could see this as being a movie on the big screen I thought of the actors who could play the roles. Lot of Suspense in this book.
The hardest part about reading this book is that not one of the characters are easy to like.  They are all very flawed human beings.  It's a good page turner, suspenseful and wrapped up well at the end.
I was very disappointed in this book. I found the drawn out thought processes of the characters boring. I stopped reading a couple of times, but went back to see if I had figured out the culprit. I had.
At first I found the lead character generally annoying, but glad I gave her a chance and stuck with the book.  Not a spellbinding read, but interesting in a take-to-the-beach-summer-reading sort of way.
I loved the twists and turns of this 'who dun it'.  Never would have imagined the ending at the beginning and yet the characters are so rich you don't know how you didn't see it. Artfully mind-blowing!!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The story was a little predictable at times, but I still couldn't put it down. I definitely recommend it for a fun read as long as you are okay with a few darker details.
With multiple suspects, there is question as to who is guilty. The alternating points of view are handled quite well and the way the story unfolds will make you wonder about the true sequence of events.
Fun read for summer. I felt like I was in England. The characters were well developed. I need to know each character to enjoy a book. The author did I great job of delving into alcoholism and blackouts.
Very Hitchcockian. Halfway through the book, I could not believe it was so poorly written . But then I realized it was deliberate. I don't see a lot of these books around so I give Paula Hawkins my nod.
Fascinating mystery/thriller told from several points of view but easy to keep up. Very descriptive language made me feel like I was right there on the train or walking the streets of Witney with Rachel
Mystery travels along the varied tracks of the main characters' minds as chapters alternate to deepen the reader's glimpses into the unfolding story. Takes place modern times in and near London England.
It's ok for what it is...a beach book.  I felt somewhat depressed while reading it, in a way that was similar to watching "Requiem for a Dream".  It wasn't bad, but not something I'd go back to.
The book was slow to start but soon I had to finish it to see what happened at the end.  I knew deep down that she was not the problem but I did not figure out who was until 3/4 through.  Was very good.
A suspenseful read.  However, it takes a few chapters to understand the author's style for telling the story I.e. continuing to switch between characters who are relating the events.  A surprise ending!
I was nicely surprised by this novel.  Hawkins drew me in and I couldn't put the book down.  This was the first time in years that I pushed myself to stay awake and to keep reading.  I highly recommend.
Kept my attention the entire book.  When reading pay attention to the "dates/times" at the beginning of each chapter.  Totally engaging without reverting graphic violence or explicit situations.
This book was our book club selection for last month. We enjoyed the storyline , the characters and how fast paced the story was. This story really brought home that seemingly perfect like are not that.
This book first attracted me because I, too, wonder about the lives of people that I see.  I identified with Rachel, even though she was not always a likable character.  The ending was a surprise to me.
I had difficulty getting into the story, but eventually I became more "into the story" and enjoyed the rest of the book.  I do not consider it a thrilling story, it is just an interesting story.
This was ,,a fast read. Sometimes. The main character was at times hard to like I couldn't put it down. Keeping up with the dates was a little hard because I read the kindled version but not a big deal.
Difficult to follow initially, once I did I hardly cared.  Maybe one character (with red hair) was not despicable.  And the writing style was, at best, mundane.<br/>Overall, don't bother with this one.
Rachel was such a flawed character, making ridiculously bad decisions, yet the reader can't help routing for her<br/><br/>The other characters have dark sides, too.  I loved all the twists and turns..
I really enjoyed reading this book.  It took me a while to understand which character's life I was in.  Once I knew that all started to fall in place.  Interesting twists of events and story as a whole.
Started reading it and just wanted to spend the day reading to finish. needed to see it through. I usually have my favorite authors but took a chance on this book and was not disappointed. Must read....
A heavy drinker who has frequent blackouts is not your usual kind of hero. But I found myself rooting for Rachel as she stumbled through this thriller with a dogged determination to do the right thing.
This book is a little hard to get into, as the main character is a bit off-putting. Stay with it, though. All of the characters develop into interesting people with their own special place in the plot.
The ending was totally not what I expected.  I thought that Rachael had multiple personalities  and had created all the characters in her mind.  I think they should make a movie.  As good as Gone Girl.
This is a novel similar to "Gone Girl."  We are never sure "who dunnit."  It got bogged down in the middle and I thought the pace could have been better.  All in all a good read though.
I really enjoyed this book. It kept me guessing who was the killer until the very end. Very, very good and keeps you reading, not wanting to put it down because you just have to know what happens next.
I enjoyed the story being told from 3 view points. The web started to close<br/>in on the characters.  I figured out who was the killer well before the end, but it did not diminish seeing how and why.
The main character was a train wreck, but it held my attention.  I enjoyed the writing style.  It was just hard to enjoy a story about so many bad choices and the craziness that is some people's lives.
Loved the pace and perspectives of this book. You get to hear the story from all sides and constantly question the credibility of the main narrator. If you liked Gone Girl, definitely pick this one up!
Book of the year.  This is a fascinating, gripping read.  Paula Hawkins is a wonderful talent.  Interesting and different format.  You'll never again view houses outside a train window in the same way.
I read this book for my Sept. Book club meeting.I read it in two days because I forced myself to read it. I'm a Calgon take me away book reader and I found this book very " DARK " & disturbing.
Hated this book, though I made myself finish it.  The main character is mostly unlikeable, then you pity her.  predictable for the most part.  Cannot fathom the fame and sales that it has accomplished.
Reminded me too much of Gone Girl to be considered original or interesting. It kept me engrossed. But that's only because I couldn't find a summary on the Internet and was interested in the who dunnit.
Great summer read for those who like to keep guessing at "who did it".  This is a real nail bitter's dream.  Well developed characters, snappy dialogue, and a fast paced plot, make it hard to put down.
It was a bit laborious, halfway through the book, I figured out the end. I continued to read to see if I was correct..... Sure enough I was right! Without that incentive I would have put the book down.
Everyone seems to love this book but I found it disappointing. The characters are either two dimensional or totally unlikeable...often both. Plot had potential but was very predictable and dragged out.
Once you start reading and do not pay attention right away you do not realize alternating person telling the story , once you realize it is a great story and a surprise ending. Will make a great movie.
I loved this book! The characters were so vivid and yet as I was reading, I couldn't put an actors' face in my head to play these great parts. You will love the plot & twists in this fun, mystery book!
A great read.  Kept my attention.  At first I didn't like any of the characters but that was okay.  The story line was such that you couldn't really identify with anyone.  Would recommend nevertheless.
This book is a fast read.  Usually one has a fairly good idea where a story iis headed, but I have to admit<br/>I did not.  I was intrigued enough to stay with it, but it evolved in an unexpected way.
Twists and turns which I loved. Best to pay attention to ALL the charactes and keep them sorted out for you will never believe what happens in the next chapter. I willl suggest this for book club here.
I liked figuring the characters and deciphering the string of events, although as the majority of the book was spent on the climatic build -up, I was disappointed with the ending...gory yet also cheesy
The story was really interesting until the last 50-70 pages. Then it turned into a lifetime movie with terrible dialogue and horribly cliche characters. I don't know what she was thinking with the end.
This is the kind of story that you can't put down.  I wanted to read it all in one setting but also wanted to make it last.  Very good story, I loved it and can't wait to read another by Paula Hawkins.
I chose this title because it drew my curiosity in. I started reading it and the minute I did I was mesmerized. I literally could not put it down. check it out peeps is worth every penny I paid for it.
A real page turner. A tour de force of writing. Couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>The upshot? What our mothers told us: Don't drink too much and don't commit adultery. They can get you into big trouble.
I thought that I'd never get through it.  Not my kind of book.  Every novel has a hero.  In this case, the hero was a drunken lady who barely survived her own poor judgment.  Not my idea of a fun read.
From the first page this book grabs you and does not let go.  You are there and can feel what The Girl On the Train is feeling and the ending is a real surprise.  Great read....gave it to my Daughters.
definitely not as good as gone girl.  The plot goes on and on about all the alcoholic problems of the lead character.  The plot is a bit predictable.  I really do not know why it had such high ratings.
After unconfusing myself about the three main characters I could not put the book down. I really could not anticipate the ending.  Can't wait to read her next. Girl on a Jetliner, Girl on a Rocketship?
This is an entertaining read. It has been compared to Gone Girl which is not really fair because it is told in a different format. It does hold one's interest throughout up until the unexpected ending.
Wonderfully written.. Just finished the book at 11pm and am acutely uncomfortable in my own home. Thats how real the characters seem. If you like dark psychological thrillers, this is the book for you.
It was a well crafted story.  Different.  Not literary genius but a well done portrait of a woman who had....oops, I better not say or it would be a spoiler.  I enjoyed it and whipped right through it.
This book held my attention from the beginning with the premise of the passengers on a train witnessing lives of people who become victims of crime and psychological terror. Excellent suspenseful read.
In describing this book to a friend I told her that because it was written from several different viewpoints, it was akin to a Jodi Picoult novel and with all the twist and turns, not unlike Gone Girl.
I kept changing my mind on who the killer was.  This book held my interest from the beginning.b the mystery was there .  I liked the development of the character if the individuals.  It was a good read
I finished reading "The Girl on the Train" in less than 24 hours.  I was pulled into the story with the characters and couldn't put the book down.  I recommend it for an excellent mystery read.
I really liked this book......very well written.  I could relate to this girl.  Most of us have been through some of what<br/>she experienced.  I couldn't put it down, I highly recommend this book....
I liked this  book inasmuch as I couldn't put it down... One gets a little irritated with Rachel in her constant state of drink and whining but she redeems herself.  All are very sad characters indeed.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and could  hardly put it down. The characters all had their flaws and were all suspects in the crime to me, at one time or another. I would heartily recommend this novel.
I couldn't put this book down. It was full of suspense, fear, sadness, strength and hope. It was nice to follow the stories from the women's perspective. Highly recommend if you like a darker thriller.
Couldn't put this book down. The characters were interesting and each one advanced the plot from his or her own perspective. I couldn't predict the outcome till very late. I highly recommend this book.
A compelling read, with good character development, sense of building suspense. While the comparison to Gone Girl is a stretch, as the plot is much more transparent, still a page turner worth the time.
I had a card time getting into the story with all the different characters. Sometimes a going back was thrown in. Finally I got it and didn't have trouble getting to the conclusion and surpring ending!
This book came highlight recommended and it did not disappoint.  After the first fifty pages or so, I couldn't put it down. Lots of twists and turns and great character development.  Highly recommended
What she imagines is far, far away from the facts. A well crafted story with Rachel embroiled in fantasy and truth. It is a breathtaking read. What is truth is not fact, what is fantasy could be truth.
Very enjoyable, fast paced book. I read it in one day. If you liked Gone Girl, you will enjoy this book. It's told from 3 different perspectives and you're not sure until the end who the good guys are.
What a read! Initially very choppy with a typical British style that was distracting, but it lured me in! Never predictable, this author weaves a story intertwining characters seamlessly! A great read!
Was more suspenseful then what I usually read. Didn't catch on until the end and kept me wondering. Had to put it down for a couple days after a disturbing scene.  Overall a good read and recommend it.
I really liked this book.  To me, it was well written and you got to know the characters slowly.  For once, I didn't mind going from character to character, as the view point of each one was different.
Exciting with constant twist and turns. Hard to put down and couldn't wait to have the time each day to spend reading. Definitely a hit and would recommend this book to all who enjoy a good thriller!!!
Interesting mystery.  The main character Rachel was initially hard to relate to as she was usually drunk, depressed and self destructive.  Be patient as the story works well. A good to very good read.
Paula Hawkins really did it with this one. Makes me look around the train to see who's watching! Must read. I recommend this to someone who fell out of love for reading. This book will get you hooked!
This book is well-written but there isn't a sympathetic character in it.  By the end, I didn't care who had done what to whom as they were all so selfish and self-centered with no redeeming qualities.
Enjoyed overall.  It did take quite a while to get moving, but provided some interesting twists once it does.  Parts seem far fetched, most of the characters are unlikable, but a good mystery overall.
It was difficult for me to get into the story at the beginning, but the more I read the more I was pulled into the characters' lives.  The ending was a surprise and brought the story to a fine ending.
Similar to Gone Girl. Did not like the date stamp at the beginning of each chapter. You have to try and remember which part of the narration it is since the date stamp goes back-and-forth quite a bit.
The story line was different, but man how depressing! The representation of women was pitiful! One is a drunk, one is a sex addict, and one is only happy because she is delusional about her situation!
I was initially hooked immediately when reading this book.  However, it quickly became a tiresome read with overly flawed main characters, predictable storyline and plot lines that weren't believable.
Good story idea but does not translate well to the page. I would NOT compare this to Gone Girl, because Gillian Flynn is amazing. The Girl on the Train isnt horrible but I could have lived without it.
Wasn't that happy with the ending unfortunately! But overall it was a pretty good read. There was some good storytelling and character development that although seemingly unrelatable...it actually is.
Fascinating read.  I found it hard to put down.  Many twists and turns and unpredictable turn of events.  I have recommended it to friends who mention they have heard good feedback from other friends.
Very interesting read and not super predictable. I really enjoyed how flawed the characters were and how real the story was portrayed. Not necessarily a "can't put it down book" but very solid
This novel is full of suspense and is a constant guessing game from start to finish. With perspectives changing throughout the book, there are funny moments that make it a book that can't be put down.
Good characters and a decent plot. However, you can guess the killer at 48% and there is no real mystery why the killer acted. Ending is good except I doubt the killer would have been taken so easily.
I would highly recommend this book.  It is an excellent read with surprise character twists.  The protagonist is flawed but you understand why and really want her to come whole by the end of the book.
Quick summer read but you know the ending from almost the beginning if you have read enough or are perceptive enough.  Somewhat well written but definitely not a classic.  Great for the beach or pool.
I enjoyed the story and how unraveled simultaneously with the main character's apparent unraveling mental state. The very complex lives of the people viewed in an instant from the window of the train.
Although the main characters were all dysfunctional in one way or another, one could not help getting involved with the mystery that seemed to involve all of them.  A definite suspenseful page turner.
Suspense! Mystery! Drama! Lots of suspects. I enjoyed this train ride! Kept me guessing all the way through. Loved Rachel and her determination to solve this mystery. Buy a ticket and ride this train!
The book was awesome.  I never saw that ending coming.  I had to re-read the first few chapters and picked up on many clues that  were overlooked the first time through.  I highly recommend this book.
Interesting story.  It has been compared to Gone Girl but I actually thought Girl on the Train was better.  The author kept to storyline interesting and kept me guessing as to how the story would end.
Multiple perspectives of the same story kept me frantically reading to see what happens next. As the pieces fall into place, you realize that nothing is as it seems. Definitely a suspenseful thriller.
I was disappointed, given all the hype.  I stuck with it, but wished I had read a better book.  It was well written and well plotted. I must admit that I usually like meatier, more intellectual books.
Totally not what I anticipated after reading the dust jacket but a wonderfully written book! I could not put it down. Loved the multi_person narrative. Exciting twists and turns the whole way through!
It's a very good book, can't wait for another one! It sort of reminded me of Gone Girl, but I was a little disappointed by the ending. Other than that, it was suspenseful and kept me very entertained.
WOW !  This was great reading that kept me wanting to find out what was going to happen next.  This is the first book I've read by this author and I'll certainly read another one, or two, or . . . . .
From page 1 this book draws you in and keeps you reading and wanting to get to the end. I enjoyed how the story line kept building, becoming more exciting and kept you on edge. Would highly recommend!
A little slow at first and you have to get used to the back and forth with different characters telling the story but it only took a little while before I was enthralled... Couldn't put this one down.
I found this book hard to follow at first, slow to get going, not very interesting, lacking suspense, somewhat hard to get through, I almost quit reading several times.  Did not meet the expectations.
If you liked Gone Girl - you will love this book. A "who done it book" that doesn't reveal itself until you are more than 3/4 of the way through. I didn't want to put the book down. Very well written.
An interesting book.  I enjoyed reading this book.  I found the format with each chapter being about different individuals a little difficult to keep up with the story line but overall I did enjoy it.
That's how many days it took for me to read. Picked it up every free minute I had, totally kept me guessing, twisted! Loved it!<br/>New readers, pay attention to the Chapter Headings there important!
Complicated book to initially understand, reading well into a chapter before realizing which person was communicating, but for a first time writer the book is excellently conceived and written, bravo!
It was a very slow start and a little confusing at first, but about a quarter or so into the book, it picked up and my interest was peaked. The last 100 pages or so were definitely what made the book.
I was very curious about this novel after seeing it on the "Best Sellers" list for so long.  Not quite sure if it lived up to my expectations.  It got better as it went further into the story.
A delicious read.  Thoroughly enjoyed.  Interesting twist at the end that I didn't see coming until close to the end.  Moving, sympathetic, vivid portrait of a lonely person about to go off the rails.
Great characters, interesting, deceptive. I liked the way the book progressed, not letting you know too much. I've read so mAny murder mysteries, that I love when I can't figure how who the killer is.
It was a great read. I enjoyed the story and all that developed. The only downside to this book is that the chapters are not numbered. If you're not a numbers person I'm sure this will not bother you.
Very good and fast paced.  A little difficult at first to get the characters straight but once you do book just glides along smoothly. The ending was slightly predictable but a great read nonetheless.
I can't recommend this book enough. Amazing writing, addictive story, stunning in every way. Not to be cliche, but it was a huge rollercoaster ride, and I'm so sad that it's over. Read this book. Now.
Loved this book. I don't know why it took me so long to read it. Highly recommend. Keeps you engaged the whole time. I was up all night reading it, I can't remember the last book that made me do that!
Turned out to be a very suspenseful and interesting read.  The story flows smoothly and gives us many twists and turns to keep the reader entertained.  Definitely give this one a spot in your library.
I couldn't put this book down!  Just when you think you know what is happening, nope!  It is emotional and exciting. I never skipped any pages as I do with most books because it is packed with action.
The story line was interesting in that main character gets involved in a homicide case by being a voyeur from the train. I enjoy this different perspective to write a story. A good read. Recommend it.
I recommend people who want to read a very good mystery/drama.  I am attached to the characters in the book now, and miss being in their lives.  If you want a book you cannot put down, read this book!
Let me start by saying that the book was not bad. It would have been much much better had the author cut out 2/3 of Rachel's whining. The Anna and Megan parts were good. And the ending was satisfying.
I thought the book detailed alcoholism and how it  can affect a person pretty well. The overall story was kind of simple and not unique. Boring really ... in anyway I thought I really liked creativity
This was an amazing page turner that kept me guessing the whole time. The author did a great job tying I. Little clues and bits of information. Would recommend to everyone who likes a mystery/suspense
At first I thought the girl was just crazy and sad but as the book progressed I got more caught up in it. I actually stayed up all night finishing it and have recommended it to friends  Very good book
Very slow start, hard to grab onto characters, later into book when it was discovered she really was not such a drunk, it became a " cannot lay this book down" story. So many twists and turns.
A  book that holds you interest after you get into it.  I liked it but my husband had trouble with it because one chapter was about one person and the next chapter another person.  It wAs a good read!
This was a very slow story that you keep reading, hoping that something might happen to spark interest. Unfortunately,  it seems to plod along to a surprising ending. I found it very easy to put down!
Excellent plot--didn't "like" the characters, but on second thought, why should I? They were all somewhat sketchy in their own way. The world of train-riding makes for vivid imaginary friends.
Good holiday read. Unexpected who-dunnit suspense drama.<br/>Interesting character development that got you feeling empathy, irritation, anger and sadness for multiple characters as the plot unfolds.
The plot is not at all what I thought it would be so it started off "meh" because of my preconceived ideas. Once I got into the story, I found myself unable to put it down until I finished it.
She does an excellent job at presenting her character - you think you have them labeled, but then she twists it up. It's similar to gone girl in that it's hard to "like" the main character(s).
I literally couldn't put this book down. Since I was reading it on my Kindle  there was no way to cheat and go to the end so I had no choice but to finish it. Lots of plot twists to keep you guessing.
The introduction to characters is depressing (very unhappy and troubled individuals).  As the story develops,knowing their personal weaknesses, increases the suspense and adds to the surprise ending.
Really enjoyed this read! Similar to "Gone Girl," as it keeps you wanting to read just to find out what really happened! I would highly recommend this book if you enjoyed "Gone Girl."
From all the PR, I expected a better book.  I think it was a good novella stuffed into a full-length novel.  Some characters were not really believable and too changeable.  Overall, a disappointment.
This was really a page turner. I finished it in two days because I couldn't put it down. I was rooting for the main character the whole time and loved the surprising twists and dark mood of the book.
It takes a lot for a book to hold my attention. I've started many books, got 5-6 chapters in and called it quits. This book had me wanting more. It was a great read. Definitely a "chic read!"
I keep hearing people rave about this book, but frankly, it doesn't impress me.  I guess I don't like people like the so-called heroine of this book.  You can find better books to use your time with.
If you liked "Gone Girl", this book is right up your alley. The story is developed through the point of view of three women leading you to the discovery of what happens on a mysterious night.
This was a suspenseful ride.  The author threw in twists and turns and I enjoyed it GREATLY.  Would recommend to anyone that likes suspense, DO pay attention to who is speaking so you don't get lost!
This book kept me interested. The character development was a little lacking although I was grateful that I couldn't figure out the ending. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good mystery.
Very intriguing story. Kept my attention throughout. Don't be,put,off by the multiple narrative voices or the jumping around in time. After awhile you get used to it and it works well for this story.
Very interesting book.  Although I am only half way through it, it was highly recomended.  The characters Megan & Rachel and the medley of who killed off who.  So much entertainment by Paula Hawkins.
Everyone kept talking about how great this book was so I had to try. Sometimes people talk it up to be too much but in this case the author delivered! Great read keeps you turning pages and guessing.
At first I didn't like it. I didn't think I would want to finish it, but it suddenly captured my interest and I found myself really wanting to know what was going happen next. I'm glad I finished it.
It was suspenseful even though it was slow because I wanted to know what was going on with her. She is a liar and drunk. At first I thought that she after she got drunk she was a different character.
I received the book on time and finished reading it before my book club meeting next week.  There was a mystery to solve and the author kept the reader so interested it was hard to put the book down!
This was one of those books that was just ok. It was suspenseful which made it interesting but I found myself not liking any of the characters so really didn't care much what happened to any of them.
This was an exciting read! I sometimes struggle with unreliable narrators, but I found this really interesting and very satisfying in the end. I liked the alternating perspectives. Great summer read!
It was a page turner, I really enjoyed the story being told by different characters , each telling their side of the story . I also liked the built up in the plot but the ending was quite predictable
I don't usually read suspense novels but everyone I know has read this book and loved it so I had no choice!  I wanted it to end so I'd know what happened but didn't want it to end at all!  Loved it!
This book is so cleverly written.  It pulls you into the story of three women and the man, men, they love.  The story held me captive from the beginning - a book that you will finish quickly.  Enjoy!
This kept me on the edge of my seat. It was a murder mystery without being overtly gory. The killer was someone who was on my radar from time to time, but did not become obvious until almost the end.
The author does a great job of weaving many stories together & keeping you guessing about "who done it"!<br/>The details & description is super!! I would recommend this book to any book club reader!
I get tired midway with novels whose main characters are constantly filled with angst and who repeat and repeat their neurotic thoughts. This book could have been so much better with a strong editor.
Trite and predictable, it was nevertheless a page turner. I don't understand its popularity. I read a great deal of contemporary fiction, always searching for quality writing. I did not find it here.
The plot is fast paced & the twists intrguing, but it's no "Gone Girl". Tom's confession & plot resolution were trivial & contrived, which weakened the overall impact of the characters on the reader.
A most talented writer that keeps her readers on the edge of their seats until the end of the journey. Creative and hauntingly troubling. Similar in style to Gone Girl, yet unique and original story.
Very easy read and not easy to put down, but wow, it is very dark and depressing.  It is so well written it is hard to stop reading, but the agony and depression of the main characters is depressing.
The story is slow until page 70 and then you have to see it through. There were many twists, but most of them were predictable. I would love to see this story on the big screen. Congrats Ms. Hawkins!
Great story from 3 points of view. The timeline differences made for unique twists.  Am rereading it in chronological order to see how that changes the story.  I think the author did it right though!
At first it was hard to follow, that you started to match who's with or was with who.Hawkins can weave a story line with twisted and turns and still caught me off guard with the ending-a page turner.
Many twists and turns. As you take the train ride you will keep guessing about who the real villian is. Is our lead suspect really guilty.... Or just a troubled women. Keep routing for the under dog!
In general, a good story.  A bit arduous at times, and the author did not tie up a key loose end...those bits of fabric along the tracks, dear author, tell us something here... did keep me wondering.
What a great read!  It was so suspenseful that I hated having to stop and get on with my real life.  A total page turner, full of twists and turns.  One of the best mysteries I've read in a long time
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was well written and quite intriguing.  The author develops the characters nicely and there is an interesting twist towards the end.  I would recommend this book.
There is not a character in that book, I would want as a friend. They are all self-centered and just not good people. OK, maybe Rachel's friend she is living with is a good person, otherwise, ......
The writing style was fractured as the characters tell their stories making hard following the storyline first.  However in the later stateside characters emerge more clearly and the drama tightens.
Sometimes i had trouble following the story line because of the alternating voices. Generally, I would recommend this book,but I could understand if a person gave up on the book before finishing it.
I thought it would be predictable but was surprised at the end.  I felt compassion yet  frustration for Rachel and the other women in the book, the three women shared a lot of similar personalities.
Interesting read with unexpected twists. Only downside is that none of the characters were very likable. Still, highly recommended! It's a quick read, especially since you don't want to put it down.
Good summertime read. I have to say that although the plot line built the tension, I kinda figured out the final twist to the story. If you enjoy suspense novels then this will have you entertained.
Good story with some GREAT twists and turns.The first have of the book moves a bit slower but then the plot forms and you become orbited and have the feeling you can not stop reading.A good mystery.
Enjoyed the book and good ending.  However, a little too twisty. The nuttiness of the central character drove me a little crazy. I started thinking of "The Bell Jar".  That said, I would recommend the book
I am not sure what all of the fuss was over this novel.  I enjoyed it at first because I thought that there was going to be a twist in the story; however, the climax and resolution were predictable.
At times I wanted to stop listening, the main character was a very down on herself and at time the story line was drawn out. But I kept listening and the story did pick up and had a surprise ending.
Kept me guessing until near the end.  I wanted the character to get her act together but this gave the author time to develop the other characters.  It will probably be our next book club selection.
Despicable people (all of them), a style that becomes annoying, and a foreseeable ending.  Still easy to read and moderately enjoyable.  Because of the characters (drunk, violent, witless) I'd skip.
It was ok, not what I expected--- thought it somewhat disjointed with the 3 different characters often "speaking" on different dates, resulting in the complication of following the sequence.
Very  good. Full of suspense. Some of the drinking/ blacking out/ and questionable behavior of Rachel got a bit boring at times. But the story was put together very well and it was hard to put down.
Different characters speak in first person. Very engaging story. I prefer a story that has a connection to legal, political, historical or financial issues. For straight mystery, this was very good.
All I can say is this book is fantastic.  Anything else might give away too much.  Edge of your seat reading. You might want to allot a few uninterrupted hours because you won't want to put it down.
This was well written. The  characters were so well described that they seemed real. My only problem was that I knew who the killer was and why so early in the story that it was a bit ruined for me.
It certainly held my interest, but I felt the main character was deeply disturbed. Although she had some valid thoughts about her circumstances, I think she should have taken better care of herself.
This was an suspenseful novel where the story was told with flashbacks and from various characters' points of view.  The main character was also flawed which made her more interesting and relatable.
I stayed up too late reading so I could see how it ended.  The main protagonist is a very flawed character, but I could easily empathize with her and it is her character that drew me into the story.
I don't usually enjoy a story told through alternating voices. Pete Dexter did it superbly in *Paris Trout*, but it's really hard to pull off. Paula Hawkins does it well in *Girl on the Train."
I was a little dizzy going back and forth to the characters, but nonetheless couldn't put the book down.  I had to find out if my theory was right.  I was dead wrong.  Kept my interest till the end!
a simple read, and while different views (format of the recent hit Gone Girl) - the book doesn't compare!  although involved characters, I knew all too early the who and how... a little predictable.
Couldn't put it down! Every character had a secret. Definitely worth reading ! Interesting perspective from trains as well Enjoyed how the story was told from point of you of all the women involved.
It is a great book . Like a Gone Girl sort of thing . Rachel is the best girl on the train getting envolved in peoples lives just from watching houses on the train.  A book that is hard to put down.
It is interesting how's ll the women seems so unappealing but then you can see it is mostly because of how they adapted to the horrid men they loved.  Corkscrew, great choice for a suburban bastard.
What a mesmerising story.  I particularly love Rachel. She is a down and out alcoholic, just functional enough to still notice an event from her commuting train. A really entertaining and easy read.
Lack of character development leads to a rather superficial and predictable story. it's still a decent page turner but doesn't lead to much thinking. Take it to the beach but leave the booze behind.
I listened to this book as an audible download and really enjoyed it. The narrator was excellent and it was suspenseful. In fact, it would possibly make a better movie than book. The critics below who couldn't "relate" to the protagonist, finding her unbelievable,  are perhaps fortunate enough not to know any well-intentioned drunks who have not-quite bottomed out.
After reading this book, I feel that comparisons to 'Gone Girl' is unfair....this story is way better, the characters complex and unforgettable, and the ending is expertly done. Highly recommended.
This book keeps you on the edge of your seat. I couldn't put it down. It got a little confusing keeping up with the different characters in their chapters, but that's also what made it interesting.
I literally could not put this book down after I powered through the first few chapters.  After about chapter 3 I was hooked by the complex characters and interesting plot.  This is a must read.  B
If you enjoyed Gone Girl, you should like this.  Not quite as clever but engaging throughout.  I can see why it stayed on the best seller list and I'm sure a movie will be coming. Fairly quick read
I wanted to like this book so much more!  It was a quick read, but I guess I was expecting something like gone girl.  Halfway through the book, I figured out the who, what, when.  This was just ok.
This kept my attention entirely. Some readers have opined that is was difficult to follow the characters however I felt they were so well defined that there was no trouble following the story line.
The book was referred to as another Gone Girl and it indeed had a similar flair. It is told from the perspective of the women involved and does have some elements of surprise with twists and turns.
It was an okay novel.  I don't understand what all the hoopla was about - it was okay, not great.  Parts of it were slow and the main character isn't especially someone that I would sympathetic to.
I really enjoyed this book! It was recommended to me as a book club read. I liked the author's writing style & the storyline was suspenseful. I was interested & stayed engaged thru to the very end!
I liked the developing of the characters but at first had a little difficulty realizing the differences.<br/>I couldn't stop reading, guessing correctly the ending, but dying to see if I was right
Unremittingly unpleasant with characters I felt no warmth for - mostly frustration. But the author pulls you into the story - it has to be read to the end even as you wish to throttle the narrators
I would recommend this book to anybody. I haven't read a book in years and I bought this because it came up on sale and once I started I couldn't put it down. It kept me guessing until the very end
I enjoyed the book however, it got off to a slow start. Because of the main character's drinking, it made it somewhat difficult to figure what was going on especially in the first half of the book.
Wow. I truly wasn't sure where this was going at first, but I couldn't put it down. It was a cleverly written tale of betrayal, deceit, and hitting rock bottom unlike anything you have read before.
After reading how popular this book was, I was anxious to read it too.  After I read it, I wondered what all the fuss was about.  None of the characters were likeable and it was hardly suspenseful.
I read this a while ago. It was very good. I enjoyed the different characters and the plot line. It was a bit predictable at the end and the ending was so-so. But the book as a whole was very good.
This book has many twists and turns and the ending is a complete surprise. It runs in the same vein as "Gone Girl" and "Sleeping with the Enemy". Very suspenseful. Highly recommend.
My tolerance for the number of stupid moves the main character makes wore thin after a while - each was necessary to develop the book, but it became obvious they were only made to develop the book.
Well, this is broadly reviewed book.  I enjoyed the first person narrative, and it was interesting how the first person jumped around among the different characters.  Overall, I enjoyed reading it.
Sometimes the person you think that you knew so well...may not be the person you knew at all!  This is my first reading on my kindle. And I love it! And it's definitely worth spending time reading!
This book held my interest throughout. Loved the good detail and development of the characters. Readers can visualize the situations clearly and want to reach out to help the flawed main character.
This book was an easy read and kept me guessing. I gave it 4 stars because the characters shift each chapter and it was confusing in a few places. Overall I liked it and would recommend to friends.
It was a good thriller but I was left wanting more at the end! All thrillers leave me that way but this one more than usual! The characters were depressing and I took nothing positive away from it.
I liked the ending but the development of the main character seemed a little longer than need be while the protagonist wasn't developed at all.  I like twists but this one just didn't do it for me.
The book is pretty depressing and jumps back and forth.  Although well written....just not something I like to read, so I have read a book in between. But I do plan to finish The Girl on the Train.
Fun, fast read. Suspenseful. I liked the main character Rachel the best. I like her sense of humor and she's sometimes fun to laugh at. The ending gets a little soap opera-esque but worth the read.
This is a great story with very life-like, flawed characters that hooked me in from the very first page. I could not put this book down for long and really enjoyed how it all played out in the end.
Captivating story - it grabs you right from the beginning, pulling you into the lives of the characters. Absolutely could not put it down! If you like "Gone, Girl", you will love this book!
Dragged on and on until ridiculous end twist resolution.  I was truly bored and forced my self through because I had seen good reviews. Protagonist was not fleshed out.  Falls flat in so many ways.
Great read! A book I couldn't put down and finished quickly. Alternating point of views between 3 women keeps you curious and wondering how they will all connect just about through the entire book.
I found this to be a very quick read, very hard to put down.  The use of the three women as narrators was an excellent means of developing their characters.  I would definitely recommend this book.
It needed more mystery and surprises,  I thought the characters were all people with social problems that made them very much alike,  No heros, no winners, just weird people who lived near a train.
This was a great book. It started slow, but pulled me in until I couldn't put it down.  Not the usual story, which made it more compelling. I liked getting the perspective from different characters
This was a very interesting book. It moved along pretty well and was hard to put down. Definitely could see this as a movie. The flashbacks weren't confusing as they can be in some books I've read.
I thought it was a terrible book. Seems very much like take off from Gone Girl. Most of characters are unlikeable, unrealistic, and uninteresting. Too many good books to read. Don't waste your time
This book was a very well written fast moving book. I found the characters very interesting. There were a lot of twists and turns in this book which is a great murder mystery with great characters.
Couldn't relate to the characters. Characters very one dimensional. Constantly changing points of view doesn't work plot was good. Poorly told  Imitation of "Gone Girl" style unsuccessful..
I Enjoyed the fast pace.  The characters are well developed.  The Plot was believable, too.  Great tension throughout this book.  I'm relieved by the outcome but I don't think i will sleep tonight.
Great mystery. Pleasantly surprised at how the suspense kept building. Not the usual cookie cutter who done it. Mostly prose. Not much dialogue but somehow it works. Written like multiple diaries v
Complicated when switching characters. A book of this type may be better with a brief chart of characters that can give a one sentence description tha can be accessed readily by reader. Great plot.
I'm sure this will get lots of comparisons to Gone Girl, but it's no Gone Girl. It is fast and easy to read and has a fair amount of excitement. Not nearly as interesting as I had hoped for though.
For some reason I just couldn't get into the flow of this book.  It held my interest enough to keep reading to the end and I did think it was well written.  I wish I had liked it more than I did...
This book gets your attention from the first couple of pages.  After you get used to the multiple voices telling the stories it is mesmerizing.  A thriller that keeps its secret until the very end.
I thought the book was a good Mistry but had followed make that trouble following the characters in the book. However I thought the book as a whole was pretty good that's why I gave it three stars.
Good book, fast read, as it's a page turner. Twist at the end that was surprising. I didn't love it but did enjoy reading it, the reason for 4 stars instead of 5. If you like mysteries, read this!!
Could not put this gem down.  Story was intriguing and had me on the edge of my chair!  Very surprised at the ending.  Would recommend this book to those who love mysteries and a strong story line.
THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN was a terrific novel.  I was up to 2:00 am finishing the book - it is that good.  It is being compared to GONE GIRL, but I thought it was actually better.  So loved this book!
Wow.  That's about it.  All I can think now that I have finished is wow...At first I was confused, but then- once I caught on to the characters- I honestly could not put it down. Cliche, but true.
This is one of the best psychological thriller-type books I have ever read.  I could not put it down!  Highly recommended if you liked Gone Girl and other clever, smart, unpredictable books.  Wow!
Great book, I highly recommend. It is a quick and exciting read, but is more complex and interesting than a typical "beach novel". It definitely keeps you guessing and keeps your interest!
My friend raved about this book and gave me her copy to read, I thought it was a waste of time. I found the central character pathetic and stupid so was unable to get past her lack of personality.
Wasn't a fan of the main character but then again not all of the characters were likable. That said it kept me on my toes and was a definite page turner. Definitely in the same genre as Gone Girl.
This book should have started at the middle, it was too long. I couldn't stop reading when I finally got to the middle through the end. Surprise ending. Good job for a first time published author.
Interesting enough to make me want to finish the book. The middle drags, waiting for something to happen. Ending seems as though the author ran out of thoughts and just wanted to finish the story.
This book is slow to start, but once it gets going, it is pretty much suspenseful and a mysterious.  I started reading it once, put it down, the my curiousity got the best of me.  Glad it did!  :)
Great story, with an unexpected ending.  Paula Hawkins does a great job developing her characters, and the story took several unexpected turns.  It was a great little escape- I would recommend it.
I enjoyed this book. It was a little slow moving and slightly annoying that the main character was so out of control with her drinking that she couldn't remember key clues but overall interesting.
This was a quick read with a good story, interesting seeing the story from three different character POV. Would have liked a little more from the story but would recommend for a long weekend read.
I loved this book. It's very twisty! I'm a huge reader, and this is one of the few books I've read this year that I was dreading being done. Sad this author has only written this one fiction book.
So many disfunctional people I had trouble really getting into the story.  Discussing it with friends who had also read it, we all immediately compared it to Gone Girl, but liked Gone Girl better.
Excellent. Well written and your heart bleeds for Rachel. You live her hopelessness and really feel sorry for her. I liked they way the book came together in the end and would highly recommend it.
Liked it, but not as much as I thought I would. Sometimes, you read the rating etc and get yourself all hyped up thinking you are going to love it, and then it doesn't live up to its expectations.
Loved the book! Had me going to the very end. The plot was like an onion that you slowly wanted to peel off one layer at a time and yet you justed wanted her to snap out of it as fast as possible!
A page turner, true.  But such a disappointment. Nothing unique here as in "Gone Girl" or in Turow's, "Presumed Innocent."  A light, ordinary, summer read which was perhaps all the author planned.
Rachel and Megan (Jess) were developed pretty thoroughly; Anna and Tom were one dimensional cliches. Gillian Flynn comparison's are not really warranted. Saw the end game coming about 50 pages in.
Great writing and a very believable story line. A little slow starting but about halfway through it really grabs you. You can't get inpatient with all the flashbacks as there are many. Great read,
More than enough drama and mystery! Loved the story telling from these well developed characters' perspectives as it really kept me engaged and informed. I look forward to more from Paula Hawkins.
This book was a psychological thriller narrated by three women.  One needs to pay attention to the time of each chapter and who is narrating it.  It is similar to "Gone Girl" in many ways.
At first I could not get interested as it kinda dragged, but as I would keep on reading I could not put it down and read til I finished it and the ending was a surprise. I really liked this story.
I originally wrote a very short review complaining that the author lifted the idea of her book from Agatha Crhistie.I'm editing this now because I think readers need to know some specific negatives about this, especially in the Kindle edition.<br/><br/>About the novel: This is sort of a psychological mystery. It provides great suspense until midway, then it falls flat.  We think we have a complex, scary kind of lady on this train and that she is up to no good. In fact, the plot of the story is way less interesting and the mysterious crackpot isn't.<br/>I don't know why Hawkins uses triple narration. It does not move the story forward, in fact, the story doesn't know what direction it's going with this style narration. I kept saying, okay, when is this taking place, and thinking I have a chronology when I don't.<br/><br/>Reading this in Kindle is excruciating. In a book, I'd be flipping pages backwards to check on who said what, when, and in regard to whom. With Kindle, you can only Go To a location or a page and Lord knows how you figure that out from the Table of Contents.<br/><br/>If you think you'd like to read this, for godssakes don't buy it for Kindle.
Not usually a mystery/ suspense reader but this kept my interest until the last page.  It keeps you guessing for a good while.  The characters are recognizable, not too far fetched to seem unreal.
Till about the middle of the book, it was very interesting, and than Bam, at one point I had to turn off my Kindle and save the rest<br/>for the next day. Very god mystery/thriller. very exciting
Loved the switching back and forth between the main characters even though at first I was confused. Then I noticed each chapter had the character's name at the beginning.....Duh! I liked it a lot.
Some parts were very exciting, some drew on for a while losing my interest in the story. It seemed short but I enjoyed sympathizing and also feeling frustrated with the main character all at once.
In the beginning I was impatient with all the ramblings of an alcoholic, skipped many pages and even considered abandoning the book. However, I am glad I kept on reading. This is a very good read.
I liked the way the author presented each main characters' perspectives.  I liked the way the mystery of "who-dun-it" unfolded.<br/>It was grisly, real, and you rooted for the underdog character.
I don't normally read fiction, but this was spell binding.  Really enjoyed it!  Totally suspenseful  and a really cool perspective presenting it from 3 different people's point of view.  Loved it
Perfect for quick summer book club read.  Crazy characters that are flawed and believable.  Interesting perspective from a girl that drinks too much. Give lots of fodder for book club discussion.
not a fan of suspense thriller novels but this novel really caught my attention. the escalation of events made me attached to the story. glad to say that I didn't shed a tear after reading this !
Reminded me of Gone Girl, in that the actions of most characters seemed suspect...all to try to keep the guilty party hidden until the end.  And in that the characters were in the same age group.
It was a great read thrilling  the reader until the end .our book group all enjoyed it and all the different personalities involved . I felt I knew the train line from Luverpool street to Norfolk
Reminded me of gone girl.  You kept reading because you were hoping it would all come together in the end but actually it just turns into a blah story with no real love for any of the characters.
Well written though a little confusing until I got the characters straight. Suspenseful until the end.  Kept me asking and guessing.  Great description of guilt and blame in disease of addiction.
This book for me was hard going. I got sick of the train ride and jumping from one character to another<br/>and to me it was quite 'wish washy'. Not my best read, but others may really enjoy it.
This is a book that I think you will either like or not. I fell into the first category. I liked it enough to continue reading it and I'm glad I did. The book got better the more you got into it.
Very good story line, but no likable characters, which made it less enjoyable to read. Nonetheless I felt compelled to keep reading to discover who did it. A satisfying and surprising conclusion!
With all the hype I couldn't resist.  It's a quick easy read I enjoyed while on the beach.  My advice for the severely critical; write something better and get it published.  I'd love to read it.
Told from the viewpoint of three different women (a device I usually find annoying), this book will have you on the edge of your seat. The characters are realistic, and the story is vividly told.
Not a good read. Depressing. Only saving grace was that apparently Rachel conquered her Alcoholism .  Me Hawkins is a very "descriptive" writer I am certain she must have a good book in her head.
The whole thing was just bad - always having to go in person to speak with someone; always stopping to stare at the house.  Perhaps the characters were supposed to have a 12 year old's mentality.
I have to admit the characters got on my nerves and I figured it out ahead of time. Not nearly as good a read as Gone Girl. I wanted to quit reading after about 50 pages but I refused to give up.
It really has its similarities to Gone Girl in that it's written in a kind of diary form, told by different people. The first chapter was a bit slow but after that, it was impossibly to put down.
I listened to the audio version which was read by 3 different women.  All were excellent in their narrations.  The story is suspenseful and keeps the reader/listener engaged throughout the novel.
I like the way the story is crafted. Some of it was hard to believe, but the way it was written held my interest. Time shifts and the slow realization of how the characters connect was well done.
Bought the audio to listen to on a long drive. It was riveting.  My husband loved it too. English accents on the audio which is great because it takes place in England. Cannot wait for the movie.
Great read, what more can be said. The questions keep coming....is the narrator reliable? Is anyone what they seem? Are anyone's memories accurate. Trust me, you will enjoy the ride on this train
BOTH I AND TWO DIFFERANT NIEGHBORS STOPPED READING THIS BOOK ONLY PARTWAY THROUGH. WE ARE ALL SENIORS BUT I REALLY THINK MOST ANY AGGE PERSON WILL SIMPLY FIND THE STORY LINE BORING AS WE ALL DID.
Excellent read keeps you guessing! Had to pay attention to dates for the chapters and make a mental timeline so it was difficult to put down.....otherwise I had to look back to remember timeline.
Really great story, that catches the readers interest quickly.  It is told from different characters perspective.  Will keep the reader guessing right until the end.  Did not want to put it down.
This is not a story everybody would like. It is disturbing and does not really have a happy ending. However, I could not put it down because it keeps you in suspense until up till almost the very end.
Astonishing and unexpected. Never sure who is telling the truth. Great unreliable narrator storytelling reminiscent of roshomon. Wish I didn't get through it so quickly but I couldn't put it down
Really enjoyed this—it was a page-turner! Told from the unique perspective of each of the six main characters, one of whom is an alcoholic. Really reflected the shame and remorse of that disease.
Great read with a great twist at the end. Well written and each character dealt with in individual chapters . Takes a while to get into that as the story doesn't flow one chapter after the other.
Really good!  Started out a little slow as you get to know the characters but gets better and better!  The last third of the book was full of surprises and really had me staying up to finish it!!
This novel is kind of like Gone Girl.  It keeps the reader in suspense.  At times I thought I was watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie!  Some readers might find it too sad, but I really enjoyed it.
What a story!!  Took awhile to set-up Rachel, but once it did it was a page-turner with lots of twists and turns. Excellent and descriptive writing and I look forward to this writer's next novel.
Great concept...what happens behind the closed doors you pass every day on your commute?  Did you really see something through a window or imagine it?  Would you get involved?  Make a phone call?
Very different, intriguing. Keeps you guessing. Told from different perspectives and tying lives together.<br/>Told from women's view. So, not sure it's a mans book, but certainly a worthy read.
I found the book too fragmented to enjoy. I never felt any connection with the characters so I kept confusing them. I didn't even care " who did it". I didn't find it suspenseful at all.
This book started off a bit slow but it turned out to be a good read. I enjoyed it because it was a different kind of story with some interesting twists and I was not able to predict the ending.
God knows....36,000+ have reviewed before me...no thanks to them. We are so darn bored that any old thing that comes our way is now acclaimed as long as it is not outright trash. Frankly boring!
This book held my attention all the way through.  It was hard to put down.  The characters were a bit twisted but intriguing and the story was certainly not predictable.  I enjoyed it very much.
I enjoyed the writing style of using first person and flipping around to various narrators. It held my attention and was not hard to get into. There was a bit of language but it wasn't overused.
From the very first words you are pulled into the intrigue and mystery. The twists and turns capture your attention throughout the story. Things are not always what they seem to be. A good read.
A very good book. If you liked Gone Girl you will like this. I didn't give it 5 stars because I could predict parts and there were some odd pieces that didn't fit but they didn't hurt the story.
This story told the life of a bland, alcoholic divorced woman who daydreamed and lived in oblivion. She will soon cross lives with two other women. Her life, unravels and will never be the same.
LOVED this book!! So well written. So enjoyable! One of those books that you are a little sad to finish because it doesn't seem like you'll enjoy the next book you choose to read nearly as much.
It is a great read.  You need to pay attention  to the titles of each chapter and the dates.  At times, I did not like the characters. I am looking forward to readinganother book by this author.
I did enjoy the book a lot ,but it is probably the first book I have read where I did not like the main characters . As a matter of fact , didn't like any of them very much . Liked the book tho.
Very, very good.  Lots of twists and turns.  I was fairly sure who "did it" most of the way through, but my goodness, I had a great time getting to the end!  It kept me guessing.  Enjoy!
This is a very dark novel in which the characters are incredibly unlikable.  If you can deal with that, the twists and turns will keep your attention.  Ultimately, I couldn't put this book down.
So impressed with this author. I felt like I was inside James Stewart's head in the great Hitchcock film, Vertigo.  This book affected me in ways I didn't think were possible in popular fiction.
Great page turner! Good writing and interesting plot. Reminded me of gone girl to some extent. Amazing how the book transformed my disdain and dislike of a character into respect, hope and pity.
The book started a bit slow and confusing.  As the characters developed, however, it took on new dimensions that drew you in; and the eventual climax was both unexpected and well worth the read.
Interesting read; a bit hard to sympathize with the main character until the plot really comes to a head near the end. At times, it was an effort to continue reading it, but worth it in the end.
I loved the premise, and the shifting narration and short chapters make for great pacing and suspense and satisfying character development.  Couldn't help feeling alittle let down by the ending.
I loved this book. It had me hooked from page 1. I loved the darkness of the storyline but how it was so realistic too. A real page turner of a book, I will be sure to recommend this to friends.
Paula is a talented writer who uses a main character with such flaws, yet brings her to fruition. We all have a desperate Rachel, a crazy Meghan, and these other characters inside us. Well done!
Be prepared... once you start reading, you simply cannot stop. Just when you think you know who the "bad guy" is, you are thrown off the track. Right to the end you are kept in suspense.
Great read. I couldn't put it down.  While the tone is a little eerie the story is very compelling,  I felt so sorry for the main character.  I highly recommend this book if you like  thrillers.
I'm not sure if my bland reaction to the story was because the writer was trying so hard to make things sound exciting and tense and missed , or because I just didn't like any of the characters.
Difficult to care for any of the characters.  When I first started the book I thought what a great idea for a story.  But the book didn't really deliver.  I was glad when I was finished with it.
A vision of life through an alcoholic's perception of how others are living their lives and how badly she has misperceived reality, which results in an intense, twisted murder plot. Page turner.
Loved the entire book.  The character's unlying conflicts were very realistic.  Hearing the story from various perspectives points out the many errors we make in looking at other people's lives.
Truly enjoyed it. Read it in a weekend, just couldn't put it down. I had to know where the plot was taking me, I had to know how the book was ending.  Ms Hawkins is a very engaging story teller.
I was completely caught up in this story. First a little like watching an accident and wanting to turn away but not really able too. Then caught up in the mystery, wanting to know what happened.
This book is hard to put down.  Great twists that keep the reader guessing!  The alcoholism experiences were a bit too graphic for my taste, but the plot held my interest.  This was a good read.
Fun read, lots of twists and turns, good discussion for our book club too.  The author gave you a unique perspective into the mind of an alcoholic dealing with black outs, scary but fascinating.
I loved this book, there were so many twists and turns. I was kept turning the pages well into the night most nights until I finished the book, intrigued with the story. A well written thriller!
I started reading this after finishing a dark and tragic book. This novel, while well written, is so dark and I can see tragedy looms ahead.  I just can't finish it at this time without therapy.
This one I could not put down. So many people living in the comfort of their "normal" lives until an alcoholic at her  bottom observes...without disclosing another detail - just read it!
Interesting read. Initially there are parts where you just want the poor girl to sober up and get a grip, but then your hooked on the tragedies. Well designed story, well deserved ending. enjoy.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It interfered with my thoughts when I wasn't reading it, and now I'm kind of sorry it's over.  If only every book I read dominated my thoughts like this one has.
I love how this story is told in different voices.  At first it was a little difficult to tie it all together, but once I realized how the characters' stars were crossed, I couldn't put it down.
I couldn't put this book down. I love the style in which it was written. I loved the characters, all flawed, all human. I loved the twisted plot. It is a great read for those who love a mystery.
Every time I thought I had it figured out, it changed. Loved the twists and turns. Would definitely read another Paula Hawkins book psychological thriller.  Loved all the characters. Great read.
I loved this book.  My friends recommended it after they read it for their book club.  Wow!  I couldn't put it down.  I highly recommend it to anyone who loves suspense and a really good story.
The first 1/4 of the book is mostly just annoying ranting by a couple of women with emotional problems, but it soon gets very good and suspenseful. The book also ends really well. I enjoyed it.
The book lives up to its reputation, though I was slightly disappointed by the end of it. A few things came about unexpectedly but not all. A couple of things were what I thought ahead of time.
I enjoyed this book very much. It was one of the better books I have read this year. I was a touch iffy on the details of the ending, but that wouldn't stop me from recommending it to a friend.
The story around the main character is rather despairing at times even though she becomes the heroine in the end. Did not keep the book in my library after reading. Gave it away to the library.
It took awhile to figure out what was going on in the story as it keeps twisting & turning.  I wasn't sure if Rachel was the heroine or a lunatic but then everything comes together very nicely.
I like this book because it tells about life and how much we changed. How we used to be before we get married. As women younger we are fun and feel great. Then we meet someone and we do change.
GREAT summer read. I read this in just a couple of days I couldn't put it down. Enough mystery to keep a person guessing and definitely a page-turner. I look forward to reading her other books.
A compelling, fast read,with lots of surprising twists and turns. About truth and lies to self and others, narcissism, how we deal with pain and relationships. You won't be able to put it down.
Excellent novel.  The beginning can be a little ambiguous but a little concentration at first helps to put it all in perspective. I can't wait to see the movie. I am glad I read the book first.
The beginning is very tantalizing and intriguing. However, the characters aren't likable and the ending leaves something to be desired. Worth a read but it's not the best book ever or anything.
Characters are very relatable and appear real making you feel as though you were living the story right along with them.  I would be surprised if this book receives any bad reviews.  Well done!
I really enjoyed reading this book.  I had heard mixed reviews but I would highly recommend it.  I love when chapters switch from one character to the next and then come together down the road.
a very good read. Multiple narrators and well defined characters. An excellent sense of place and a great use of the Hitchcockian "Maguffin" technique to throw the reader off the scent.
Loved the book.  Unique perspective and always kept you guessing about what was happening.  The writer was very creative in her writing.  I will certainly look for another novel written by her.
This book wore me out! I hated the switching back and forth of characters.  Was hard for me to figure out. Several times I just wanted to forget it and move on.  I finally finished it.  WHEW!!!
The book was well written, although sad that there didn't seem to be one character that wasn't a total mess.  The author seems to have a good understanding of the tortured life of an alcoholic.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. There were a few times where is maybe seemed to feel a little drawn out, but aside from that, I kept looking forward to each time could pick it up again to read.
I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good mystery. It starts a little slow, but give it a chance and you will get into it. Once the story really took off, I didn't want to stop reading!
A little disappointed after all the hype of this book being a best seller for so long. At times I felt the story was too slow. Also I figured out the ending, so it wasn't a surprise at the end.
You wonder what the story will be in the very beginning. Soon it becomes apparent and you're not sure if you really like the main character or not.  Surprising turns and a page turner for sure.
After reading several chapters I got tired of her complaints, her drinking and her putting herself down, so I never finished the book. To me, the main character, the GIRL was absolutely boring.
Great book! In the same vein of "Gone Girl" and "The Husband's Secret". Lots of twists and turns in this one. I highly recommend. Looking forward to reading more by Ms. Hawkins.
that is not the kind of book I personally like, lot of my friends liked it<br/>but I like to read something that I can get some knowledge, a mixed of<br/>drama but with real events or places.
The Girl On the Train captures you immediately.  A real finger clicker for Kindle readers.<br/>The English setting is always intriguing.  Dysfunction reigns supreme in this psychological read.
Boring. I never really cared what happened to these characters. And any astute reader could have seen the "twists" coming 1000 miles away. I considered this book to have wasted my time.
Since reading Gone Girl, I have read and read and tried to find a book that even slightly compared and then I found this book. This is one of the best books that I have ever read, just read it.
Alas, like so many NYT favourites, this is really quite ordinary, the cutesy concept, unfulfilled in the execution--------the characters are all cardboard cut outs and all totally unconvincing.
This was a really good thriller - the main narrator is very human, struggling with alcoholism. This makes her at times irritating! - but it is very interesting to go along her journey with her.
It was kind of hard to keep track of narrative and dates at the beginning but it became easier as the book went on. Great twists and turns..... A slight bit expected but a surprise nonetheless.
The woman I considered the lead character was not very sympathetic.  Actually, none of the characters were sympathetic.  It is a good mystery though.  It held my interest from beginning to end.
The book got interesting about half way through.  Perhaps I would have expected less but someone compared it to Gone Girl.  I can't recommend  it  to  anyone even though the end was a surprise.
Suspenseful, with twists and turns, that hook you in from the very beginning. Once you figure out the characters and who belongs to who, you get wrapped into the story of The Girl on the Train.
Absolutely a terrific read. You must stick with it and go along on the ride. Do not think about why, just go with it. Without revealing anything it is an incredible surprise how it all unwinds.
Hawkins leaves the reader all the time puzzling about the who is the killer, I tried to solve the mystery up until the end. You never know what will happen next, it is intriguing and addictive.
Bought it as gift for my wife.  She loved it.  Twists and turns kept her turning pages.  On completion she recommended it to friends and it is now traveling a rather intimate circle of readers.
Great read that is quite hard to put down. The diary style is reminiscent of Gone Girl as many have pointed out. I think this story would make a great film and hope to see it in the works soon!
The writing is structured well but the characters are not very likeable.  I also could spot the plot lines and identified the villain early on.  Why this tops the best seller list is beyond me.
The reason I only gave 4 stars is that I would get lost in some of Rachael's ramblings, but really they were necessary to get the whole picture.  It kept me on my toes until the end.  Good job!
This book reminds me of Gone Girl in that every character is flawed and at least a little despicable. This was a quick read for me and I was pleasantly surprised I didn't anticipate the ending.
Not original enough, repetitive felt as if I read same passages over and over Was A quick vacation read not a sink your teeth  into book that captivated me .Worthwhile but not a fantastic read
I wish I could give 3.5 stars because it's not a bad book, but it's certainly not the "Gone Girl" thriller/twist as promised.  Some parts are very clever, but it does end very quickly.
This book is very entertaining.  The premise that things are not always what they appear to be is well explored as well as the effects of alcohol on a young adult's life make this a good read.
When this book made the best seller top ten, I couldn't wait to read it. It was also compared to "Gone Girl" which I thought was very good. Not even close, in my opinion. Very depressing read.
I really wanted to like this book.  So many great reviews.  It was good but not awesome.  I was hoping this would be the next Gone Girl, but not quite.  Entertaining but not worthy of 5 stars.
Story quickly paced, but ultimately left me unsatisfied. All the characters unpleasant and I was glad to get away from them once I finished the book. Don't really get the hype about this book.
A Page turner full of surprises, an easy read. Just when you think you figured it out....wham another twist in the plot. I Love how the story is told thru three of the characters point of view
Well told mystery.  An interesting whodunit with a fast paced storyline.  Easy to get caught up in.  It held my interest all the way through
It was a good read, but not one of my all time favorites.  The mystery did leave you wondering who committed the murder, so that was appealing.  It little repetitive, but still worth reading.
I don't often read "popular" novels, especially regarding violence/murder.  Having said that, this story kept me engaged; it<br/>will be a while till I read anything similar, though.
A fast read.  A nice twist to the usual suspense plot. It took a while to get there, but even when you know, when you figure it out, you still can't put it down.  It would make a great movie.
The story is told in first-person through several narrators.  I wasn't paying attention to the narrators at first and got confused.  My fault.  It's a compelling story.  I hated to finish it!
Horribly hard to follow in the beginning.  Had this book been a loaner, I would have stopped reading by page 20.  Since I bought it, I made myself continue.  Got hooked halfway thru the book.
I really did like this book and looked forward to reading it every night. However, I did think it was a bit long and dragged out somewhat but it still had  a level of surprise which was nice.
Very exciting read.  I have to admit that I got a little disgusted at times with the lead character.  Had some elements of GONE GIRL in it I thought.  Keeps you in suspense and worth reading.
I enjoyed this book but I kept on expecting more character from the characters. When it was finished I could not really champion any of the female characters due to their shallow motivations.
Ugh....it took everything in me to even get to page 50, at which time I skimmed quickly to the end and wasn't impressed at all.  If you like Gone Girl then you'll like this.  I liked neither.
The book is well-written but I found the main character annoying. But the story-line was compelling so I stayed with it and found out there was a gaslight thing going on. Good murder mystery.
HATED this book 80% of it. Until the end I hated it and thought it was completely dull. The entire book was about a forgetful drunk. Liked the ending but hated everything else about the book.
If you love a thriller and a guessing game.... Then this is for you. Tempered with v mundane normal people and some sad characters whom you can't help but route for. Fast and 'unputdownable'!
Not even close to being the thriller that "Gone Girl" was.  I was disappointed in the overall characterization; flat and dysfunctional, and the slow pace with a lack of real suspense.
I really enjoyed this book.  I am usually able to figure out the "twist" much earlier than I did on this novel...which is a plus.  I was sucked in right away and couldn't put it down.
This book is being hailed as a great read of 2015, and I think it lives up to the hype. It was captivating and well written. Each time I had to put it down, I couldn't wait to get back to it.
Good book.... Held my attention but didn't captivate me. Definitely keeps you guessing..... All the way to the end! Fairly well written and not overly complicated.... Good pool or beach read!
A tale reminding us to never believe what we see and that if something seems too good to be true, it probably is. The only problem? This story is repetitive and slow until the final 30 pages.
Honestly I expected this book to be much better than it was. Initially the plot line was confusing, and although it kept my attention it is certainly not a book I would recommend to a friend.
I liked that the story was told from the three women's perspective.  It allowed them to bare their weaknesses and insecurities, but showing their strength in the end. I could not put it down.
The Girl on the Train is riveting and full of surprises. It's a mystery gone awry with Rachel, the main character, getting into messes seemingly hard to undo. I was dumbfounded by the ending!
Girl on the Train, with its suspenseful and psychological descriptions keeps your attention. The main character , Rachel, who escapes her life through fantasy and alcohol, is an unhappy soul.
Great read. Keeps you guessing until the end. If you like gone girl you will like this book. Rach was a mess but aren't we all at times?  If you want a late summer read this is a good choice.
When you decide to read this, do not give up early.  Though I feel it started out slow, when it finally grabs you, you can't stop til it's finished.  Had me going to the very end.  We'll done
Although the premise of the book influenced me to buy it I found the main character to be too self-absorbed and tedious.  I finished it but truly did not care what happened to her by the end.
Much too unreal. Makes women take a step back ....does liberation mean adopting men's worst traits😢😢😢???<br/>don't recommend if your reading time is limited.....don't waste it!<br/>SUSAN
I don't like a book that jumps back and forth between characters and this book does that.  I found it a little boring and the outcome was obvious from after reading about a third of the book.
It is confusing at the beginning until you identify all the individual voices telling the story.  I really enjoyed having to think about what I was reading. Along the same lines as Gone Girl.
One of the most well written thrillers I have read in a long time!  In a league with "GONE GIRL"!---hey Ben, you rad<br/>To be bad? This is the husband of AMAZING AMY getting his own back!!6
I don't know if I liked this book, or didn't or if its maybe a bit offensive with the female gender. I just know I couldn't put it down in three days and that now I feel a little disappointed
Nice light read for a college student with little downtime to read during finals. The last "90%" of the digital copy was fast moving and hard to put down- best "thriller part"
Fantastic writing, gripping story could not put it down. Best story I've read in a long time. I was really disappointed when I looked for more fiction novels by paula and they're aren't any!!
Totally couldn't get into the unsympathetic characters - but that would have been okay, if everything had been less predictable. Unfortunately, there's a lot of hype but very little mystery .
Thought it was a very interesting book. Twists and turns reminiscent of Gone Girl. The characters were believable and the ending was a real surprise. Already recommended it to all my friends.
Just a good story that moves you and makes you never want to drink again. It's not a great who dunit but not sure that is the lure of the story anyway. Very entertaining from start to finish.
I will stop believing reviews on NPR.  They raved about this confused and confusing book and I dutifully forced myself to finish it despite multiple starts and stops.  Profound waste of time.
Very different, but once into it intriguing The plot was complex but reminded me of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, as you knew the main character was a sick-o, but could see why at the end.
At first I thought that it was a typical story, and then I realized that what I thought was all twisted up in the plot as it changed into a really complex truth!  I would highly recommend it!
What a waste of time. Just plain bad. I have no idea what the hype is about this book but I highly recommend you NOT read this when there are so many other good books out there. Your welcome.
How did this book become a #1 bestseller?  I did NOT LIKE THE MAIN CHARACTERS - took a long time in separate the different women.  I was surprised by the ending!  I've read much better books.
The lead character in The Girl on the Train is herself a train wreck. I was a looky-loo. I couldn't take my eyes away from the page as she careened head on into her worst nightmare. Loved it!
Had no clue what this book was about , only heard that it was a great read. After getting confused with the first few chapters I couldn't put it down. Every part came together What a fun read
Very slow reading for the first two thirds of the book -- I was tempted to stop reading as it was almost boring.  The last third was much better although I was able to figure out the villian.
From beginning to end, this book had me on the edge of my seat. The twists and turn had my heart racing. Just when I thought I had it figured out, another twist. I highly recommend this book.
I enjoyed this book. Some advice; pay attention to the dates in front of each chapter. I didn't at first and it made it a little confusing. Once I started noting the dates, it all made sense.
I bought this on Audible, because my commute allows a lot of listening time. But Friday came before I could finish it, so I bought a Kindle copy and could not but it down until I finished it.
Loved the book! Keep you guessing to the end. Was a little lacking in the 2 women becoming "like friends" at the end.<br/>Would highly recommend it. Very fast moving and interesting.
I had a very hard time keeping the characters separate, & what event happened when, & to whom. And, there were some questions I had that were never answered. May be worth my reading it again.
Entertaining - it was a book club choice. Most liked it, a couple did not. I was kept entertained with it, even though I wanted to reach through the pages and strangle some of the characters.
Well written novel that draws you into the story right from the start. The very realistically flawed main character is endearing and heartbreaking. Reminds me of a good Alfred Hitchcock plot.
This was one of the best books I have read in a while<br/> I can't wait for the next book by this brilliant author.<br/> It kept me guessing the whole way through. Wonderful and suspensfull
In my opinion, The Girl on the Train is a very dark book.  With the exception of one character, I did not like any of the others.  I only finished it because I don't like giving up on a book.
Captivating mystery with a strong message to those who over drink and black out. However the focus on the husband as a suspect is a little too close to "Gone Girl."  Redeeming ending.
"Rear Window", only Jimmy Stewart is a drunk British girl named Rachel.  I wasn't sure who did it until nearly the end.  One character's response so odd as to have me give it 4 stars!
I never liked the main character .  To much repetition of her getting drunk and not remembering anything  The best part of the book was the last 25 pages, and I almost didn't make it that far
The Girl on the Train was an engrossing thriller. You will forgive the author if you figure out "who dunnit" before the end, mainly due to the strength of both the characters and the premise.
Very good book.  One of those books that I couldn't put down.  I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next!  I had no idea "who done it" until the very end!  That's how it should be.
I liked this book, but it was difficult for me to keep the times and characters straight, especially when reading it on a kindle where it is nearly impossible to refer back to previous pages.
This book did not measure up to the publication hype.  Don't waste your time reading it or your money buying it. Sorry to MS. Hawkins.  Try again. Soap operas do not make good mystery novels.
For anyone who loves a plot that races around twisty bends so fast you're apt to get whiplash, THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN is for you. But the real beauty of this novel lies in the deft way the author writes characters you ought to hate, but root for anyway. For instance, one of the main characters, Rachel—she's the girl on the train—is such a lush that at one point she leaves her piss-soaked knickers in a heap at the bottom of the stairs and vomits as she's staggering up to her bedroom to pass out—leaving all of that stomach-churning evidence of her night's activities for her poor roommate to discover. Ew, right? Yet, Rachel is one of the most compelling characters I've come across in fiction lately, because she somehow keeps scrambling to her feet no matter how many times she's knocked down. There are two other female points of view in this novel that aren't any more likable, yet you end up hoping they manage to survive as well. Kudos to a very brave author who has given us a thrilling read that leads us into territory most writers fear to tread, for fear of alienating readers.
Really great story line. Held my interest throughout and kept me wondering how it was going to end. It was so good I'm telling others about it and I don't do that with too many books I read!
I wish there were 6 stars.  I loved this book! I was interested from the first paragraph.  Like a train, it builds momentum, and then goes screaming into the night. This is a fantastic book.
Loved this book from the first page to the last page. Well written and with great  characters. The book flowed nicely and I never found myself getting bored with the story or the characters.
The book was an entertaining read and flowed easily right to the end.  I liked the beginning chapters the best and lost faith in the main character as the book progressed.  It was enjoyable.
It was very confusing for me when going from one chapter to another.  It went from different time differences to different people and I found it very hard to keep track of what was going on.
Not as dark as "Gone Girl," this book also relies on unreliable narration. Hawkins plays fair with the rules and even if you figure out whodunnit, there are still surprises in store.
Fun read.  Atmosphere, suspense, and a well developed story.  Personally, I rate it over Gone Girl.  Difficult to relate to or even like any of the characters, but as in Gone Girl...so what?
This book has characters you might recognize, and is a very thoughtfully put together plot...I thought I was on the train watching the events unfold.  Very vivid descriptions of locations...
Good but not great. The structure is cumbersome and confusing to one who can only read a few pages at a time. Character development is pretty sound and the plot engaging. Keeps you guessing.
Great mystery story. You never suspect the real killer. The book went a little long for me. I think the story could have developed a little faster. I would recommend this book to my friends.
Really great read. Enjoyed it from start to finish. I have to admit it is not something I would normally go for but it was recommended to me in the kindle store and I'm glad I downloaded it.
This book does not need another five star review but it is getting one anyway. Writing a truly suspenseful novel is no mean feat and Paula Hawkins has done just that. I wish she'd keep at it
At first I hated this book. The main character was sad and a little pathetic, but as the story and the character develop, I was drawn into the mystery and yes, even began to root for Rachel.
It took a long time for this book to capture my interest.  For some reason, it was hard to connect with the characters.  It did get better as I read further but honestly, I'm glad it's done.
You can't stop reading and the need to find out what happens is persistent. It was a well executed book with all different perspectives. You really never know what goes on in people's lives!
Great book that really drew me in.  All of the twists and turns were great.  Just when you thought you had it figured out you realized you didn't.  If you liked Gone Girl you will live this.
Suspenseful until the end but can I say that I hated the ending?  Not to be a spoiler but I wanted justice for Megan and maybe a little comeuppance for Anna. The ending was a total surprise.
This was one of the best suspense novels I have read. It keeps you guessing. I'm usually pretty good at correctly guessing the ending to books fairly quickly but this one kept me interested.
Pretty mundane and boring until the end, where it got better. I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone, especially no one looking for a "gone girl" type thriller as the description suggests.
While well written, there was not a single character in this story that I liked or cared for.  I could not muster up any sympathy for any of them which made the reading of the story a chore.
I usually read romance, but this one intrigued me. I'm happy I read it. Very smartly written. The different POVs were woven together for optimal suspense. Great read for something different.
Quick read because you just can't put it down.  Highly recommend this book for people who like murder mysteries.<br/>Interestingly written.  Excellent job of describing mental manipulation.
great twist on murder mystery genre...so this is how normal middle class Brits live...too much alcohol like the rest of us Yanks...murder and mystery in Suburbia, UK...brillaint as they say!
Great character development.  The first half of the novel is superb.  Somewhere in the second half I started to feel as if the author was looking for a way to bring resolution to the story.
Started off interesting enough...but all the characters were so unlikeable, and the "plot twists"....well I didnt find the end surprising and it seemed to take forever to get there.
You are pulled into the despair of the protagonist from the get go.  The writing and the story keep you on the hook through the book although there wasn't anything that really surprised me.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time! Hard to put down! Each character is so interestingly developed! You can't help but like and sympathize with them or totally despise them!
I loved this book; very suspenseful.  I could not stop reading and finished it in 2 days.  It was one of those books that I stayed up late reading to find out what was going to happen next.
Took me a little bit to get going in this book but once I did, I found it difficult to put down. The ending had me sweaty-palmed and it has definitely stayed with me afterwards. Great read!
Although I couldn't put this book down its not that great. The writing is simple and easy to follow but not beautiful or creative. It's a good read if you like drama and suspense / mystery.
The Girl on the Train was worth reading. It kept my interest, but wasn't completely surprising. The characters were well developed and the story was well written. It was a good summer read.
Great book with a surprise ending.  A lot of the characters are very dysfunctional.  I wasn't sure if I was going to like the book at first, but as I got into it I could hardly put it down.
This seemed interesting for awhile, but for some reason I don't have a bit of empathy for the character. And I don't really care about the story enough to finish it. It is different though.
Unlikely heroine!  The story lines of the women revealed their disturbing imperfections as human beings.  Yet,  somehow, they each triumph!  Mystery unfolds without revealing the resolution
I guess I need to read more uplifting subjects.  I figured out the plot early on.  I kept reading thinking there would be a bigger twist<br/>with at least one character learning something.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Definitely kept my attention.  I had a hard time putting it down when it came time to go to bed.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a whodunit.
This book starts like a chick book, but don't let that fool you. Read on. You will hate Rachel. That's good. Read on. The story begins and it is a tale worth the read. I liked it very much.
Loved it- very suspenseful, unreliable narrators, and broken people trying to make their way.  I could see the end twist before it was made obvious, but it didn't diminish the novel for me.
This book was not what I expected at all. It was very depressing all the way though and the story didn't start coming together until you were half way through the book, very disappointing!!
Hawkins takes the reader on a twisty ride that goes back and forth in time.  Great plot, well defined characters and setting, the story will keep the reader guessing until it ends. Enjoyed!
I liked the building of suspense and wondering who the killer was, but felt the end was lacking. I had already pegged the killer and felt it was a little anti-climatic when it was revealed.
I felt like this novel was going in circles and getting nowhere.  Not a good read!!! Glad I am a speedy reader so that I could get through this rapidly.<br/>Would not reccommend this book.
I really liked this novel,but, unfortunately,I found no sympathy for any of the three women. Each was shallow and had no redeeming values.And.I guess,that's what made it such a great story.
Easy to get into and keep me until the twisting end.  At first had to go back and check the dates of each chapter, because they jumped around.  But it was great and I could not put it down.
I expected to like this book, given so many 4 and 5 star ratings, but I did not like it at all!  I have no idea why it is being praised. To really explain why I did not like it, I would have to give away too much about it. Maybe that's okay, since other reviewers have done that already. In summary, besides finding the "plot" tedious and  quite literally unbelievable, I found the characters disgusting -- comprised of drunks, murderers, abusers, etc., with no redeeming social qualities I could find. Consequently I really did not care what happened to any of them. I would not call this a mystery. I would not call it a psychological thriller either, despite the twists and turns (all unbelievable).
I enjoyed reading The Girl on the Train even though the characters were not nice. Paula Hawkins does a nice job keeping the reader guessing and the ending was well motivated and believable.
Fascinating premise- I would never have imagined this original plot. Unexpected character study. Creepy for me since we never know who is watching us. Good read for a dark and stormy night.
It's unusual to meet a cast of characters that all elicit some degree of sympathy but even the "monster" does here but they do and their stories keep your attention riveted to their tracks.
I can't see a single redeeming factor in this book. It is depressing, gloomy, and has , in my opinion,not worth the price nor the time it takes to read. The plot is thin, the characters one sided, and the story trite.
At first her her "train wreck" of a life was frustrating to get through but it's a page turner and was up to all hours of the night to finish it in a few days. Couldn't put it down.
Great mystery. Lots of first person introspection as opposed to continual dialogue. Dark, complex characters led by an atypical, greatly flawed yet sympathetic heroine.  A real page-turner.
I enjoyed this book, and couldn't stop reading it. Interesting characters with a creepy touch. As you read, each character will take its turn as the killer, until Hawkins reveals the truth.
I loved this book the twists and turns, as I read I could invision the cast of characters, I could not put this book down. Buy it ,read it ,you will find you have read nothing quite like it
The pace of the book was good.  The lead character doesn't seem very redeeming at all until the end.  The reader kind of realizes what is going to happen.  I enjoyed it and read it quickly.
I don't know why this is #1 on the best seller list. The characters are not relatable to me. It is not an uplifting book. Don't waste your time. It's a Gone Girl wannabe and it falls short.
Very intriguing..had to go back a couple pages in the beginning to keep the girls and dates straight..I really enjoyed the seperate yet intertwined lives and how it all plays out in the end
A real page turner, full of suspense with a surprise ending!  This book would make a good movie. I have not heard of this author before but will certainly look for more of her books.
Very good writing.  Very suspenseful , keeping you guessing what would happen next.  When you thought you knew the writer put another twist in it.  Can't wait to see how the make the movie.
Intriguing and riveting.  I could not wait to return home to continue to read.  I made guesses about what had happened and found there were twists and turns at every page!  Loved this book.
I usually see the plot twist coming from a mile away but with this book it took a bit longer than usual. I was happy with that and thought it was well written and interesting. Worth reading
There's a reason this book is ranked #1 on the best sellers list. Suspense builds and the end is one that you never see coming.  A page turner much like "Into the Darkest Corner..."
The author had me back and forth:  I loved her, him, them and then hated all of them all the way through the book.  I love unpredictable situations and endings.  Well written - so engaging.
Was very disappointed because there were awesome reviews so much was expected. The whole story was a jumble of psychotic nonsense. Just read all of it to find put how everything turned out.
A lot of reviewers have compared this book to Gone Girl. About the only similarity I can see is that none of the characters is likable.<br/><br/>A long, boring read. Nothing much happens.
Gripping from beginning to end. Recommended reading for relaxation and respite from a busy life. I particularly enjoyed the believable female characters and timeline structure of the story.
I inadvertently gave this a two star review. it deserves a four. I loved the story, enjoyed the characters and read it in a couple of days, which is fast for me.( I think I fixed my rating)
It was nice to read a book that just unfolded layer by layer. I was guessing  who the murderer was  all through the book  and constantly changing my  mind. This was an exceptional thriller.
What was all the screaming about?  This is not the greatest book out there.  Strange story,  a lot of lies and a few affairs but I'm not about to accept this as one of the best of the year.
This is one of the best books I've read this year. Told from three perspectives, all of them flawed. Rachel, the heroine, despite her flaws is one of the most intriguing characters to date.
The book was a little slow in the beginning but once the main character starts piecing things together, it gets pretty interesting! I did not see this book ending the way it did! Good read.
My favorite genre in novels is thrillers, and this debut book by Paula Hawkins does not disappoint. The characters are immediately relate-able and real, from the lonely Rachel, suffering from the depression and alcohol issues due to the rejection and failure of her marriage, to the bored housewife Megan, who engages in an affair. And then there is the train, which is so central to this book. The author definitely took me on a ride with a can't-put-down story that has many surprising twists and turns. The whole time I was reading the book, I kept on thinking that it would make a great movie, so I am very pleased to hear that the book has been optioned by Dreamworks and I do hope it is one movie that will actually get made. If you enjoy thrillers I highly recommend this book.
This book was a complete waste of time and probably the worst book I've read this year. Absolutely nothing happens in the first 200+ pages. The entire story should've been 8-10 pages long.
I only finished it because I wanted to confirm that I had indeed predicted correctly. It was the same old story of unhappy 30 somethings caught in the middle of affairs and murder. Boring.
I liked the book.  I was told that it was like Gone Girl, so I kept waiting for the twist.  I did end up figuring it out before it was revealed, but not much before.  It was a fun mystery.
An easy read with a watchable, fraught heroine. But the book suffers from a lack of differentiation between the voices of the characters, a humdrum vocabulary, and a bit of a cop out plot.
It had a slow start , once it got going I enjoyed it.<br/>Not the greatest mystery but it was written in a very different way.<br/>I guessed who had done it before the end of the book!!!
Very repetative.  I could not relate to any of the characters who all seems to be eith petty and self-serving or very weak and devoid od back-bone.  It picked up a litle about 85% through!
Starts slow; the main character a little pathetic but you get used to it.  Not sure the ending is quite enough, but is was a good read.  Goes fast once you start to put the parts together.
I haven't enjoyed a book this much  in quite a while.  I had trouble putting it down, and best of all I thought I knew how it would end but I was wrong!  I want to read more by this author
I read this on my Kindle...the time frame was a bit difficult to keep up with, and the characters a bit of a chase, also. But, I couldn't quit reading...several twists and strange motives.
You will immediately connect with these characters in a well written suspense novel. The middle of the book gets a little slow but the beginning and end are great - it's tough to put down!
I thought this book was awesome!!<br/>I felt so bad for Rachel throughout the whole story. I hated Anna and still hated her at the end. Tom was a piece of crap!!!<br/>great story tho!!!!
This book is well written but not what I call a thriller. There are intriguing characters in a lower class setting with a balance of harmony however the depth is lacking with the suspense.
I was looking for a good book after I finished Gone Girl. This one was definitely worth the read, and I wasn't disappointed. Excellent storytelling, compelling mystery. Highly recommended.
I was looking for a good book after I finished Gone Girl. This one was definitely worth the read, and I wasn't disappointed. Excellent storytelling, compelling mystery. Highly recommended.
Could not put the book down, it kept me in suspense every minute. Just the ending was a little too graphic for me, perhaps some of it might have been better to leave it to our imagination.
This novel came highly recommended so I was curious.  The story starts a bit slow but you need the backstory.  It gains momentum and you're guessing all over the place.  Gratifying finish!
The beginning had me thinking it would be a long drawn predictable mystery. Was I wrong, gripping and draws you in to the point you can't stop reading until the final page. Worth the read.
I thought it started slow but once I got into it, I couldn't put it down! I did have to flip back and forth a bit to refresh when the point of view changed but it was well worth it for me!
At first I couldn't catch on.  I tried the sample, but reviews raved so I thought I was missing something.  I went ahead and purchased it and am so glad I did.  It was really, really good.
This is a book you cannot put down. It is filled with surprises and I was sorry when I was finished reading.  I hope we get a lot more books from this new writer. Kudos to you Ms. Hawkins!
I couldn't put it down. So suspenseful and the story is written so well. The characters have real depth, the plot twists and turns. We read it for book club and I can't wait to discuss it.
I read this after someone told me it was like Gone Girl - which it was NOT.  Good read, nothing special.  Not sure I would recommend it to a friend.  the main character wasn't my favorite.
I haven't finished it yet, but I am really enjoying this book so far. It is written in first person and the flawed characters are intriguing. It reminds me of the book "Gone Girl".
Held my attention from the very beginning. I should have paid closer attention to the chapter name so I knew for sure who was talking. I read it on the Kindle and wouldn't go back to look.
Really enjoyed this book, differently style. Not a very unique story line but presented so differently, very suspenseful. Enjoyed the character development. Good - refreshing - quick read!
It is one of those books that you don't want to put down. I liked it because it keeps you guessing and just wondering what was going to happen next. I would defiantly recommend this book !
Too slow getting started.  I always give a book 50 pages before I give up.  I gave up and only after my wife read it, did I go back and finished it.  Don't really see why it is so popular.
I was tired of the main character's weaknesses at first but, eventually, that made the story more gripping. Couldn't put it down in the second half. Truly a great novel. Very well written!
The book deserves a five star rating. The author is an excellent writer with a deep understanding of the human spirit.<br/>I would recommend the book to anyone who enjoys good literature.
A good mystery read.  Although not as good as Gone Girl, it made you want to keep reading it.<br/>The main character made you think was she or wasn't she telling the truth.  Recommend it.
It was a little slow at first. I was confused and the characters were not enjoyable to read about. There were lots of cringe-worthy moments, but I eventually got interested in the mystery.
I love a good mystery but this was a GREAT mystery!<br/><br/>I downloaded this book as one of my January Kindle First books because the plot intrigued me. So much of our lives are only still pics to other people -- a moment in an elevator, waiting to cross at a light, taking a package from the UPS person. And the truth is that you don't know anything about those tiny intersections of life. Those people might be like you imagine or they might not. This book explores that intriguing notion in depth.<br/><br/>The characters were believable, the plot compelling enough to keep me reading long past my bedtime, and the outcome ... OMG! I didn't see that coming. I guessed everything but the true outcome.<br/><br/>Paula, please keep writing. I want to read more of your work.
Just not my kind of book
I found this book boring
Would not read it again.
Not much of a challenge.
Suspenseful! Great read.
Couldn't even finish it.
Great book.  A must read
Loved it! A page turner.
I haven't wanted to go to bed so I can read a book in a while! This one kept me wanting to read more. Great story told through each woman's POV (with a much better ending than Gone Girl).
The characters in this story are very well developed and it is easy to identify with them.  The plot is interesting and has some surprising twists.  I also felt satisfied with the ending.
The reader is, at once, observer and participant in the novel because of Hawkins rare ability to completely immerse the reader into the experience and life of the characters. A must read.
A wonderfully written "who done it"  read that constantly had me on the edge. I never wanted to put the book down, and never wanted it to end. I will be looking for more from this author!
Admittedly, I read this a while ago and the details are sketchy in my mind.  However, I do remember that I enjoyed the book and recommended it to a friend.  She read it and also liked it.
Alternating chapters written in first person by 3 different characters made this very difficult to follow for the first half of the book.  Story line was a bit depressing and bizarre too.
Very English but fun to revisit the places of Battersee, London.  The twists sat me up in my chair and I love to be surprised!  It is going to be a great book to discuss at our Book Club!
Slow to start but very good book! Even got me in trouble with my girlfriend. She was so in to the book that I became one of the characters in her over imaginative mind. Guys be warned lol
For me, the characters were liars and alcoholic. I wouldn't want to be friends with any of them but for some reason, I could not stop reading. I had to know what was true and what wasn't.
This novel, to me, was somewhat disappointing. I found it repetitive and confusing with the frequent change of narrators and change of dates. For a beach read, this was way too much work.
Unexpected twists to the storyline make this an excellent read. An easy reading style make this thriller romp along with no predictions as to the finale. A great English saga, refreshing.
I have known people just like these characters.  They way their lives become interwoven held my attention throughout, and I ended up staying up late that last night to read it to the end.
This was a great book. Fast-paced and full of suspense. It had a good plot twist which made you want to keep reading. The characters in the book were troubled, but relatable. I recommend.
I didn't really like any of the characters, none had redeeming qualities.  I guessed who it was and what was going on in the first 20% of the book but kept reading to be sure I was right.
Page turner from start to finish. Excellent story telling. Would recommend this book to all types of readers. On a side note, they need to start selling gin and tonic in a can in the U.S.
When I began reading this book, I was just waiting for Rachel to selfdestruct. But soon there were surprises which led to a full-blown murder mystery! A very compelling ride on the train!
I really enjoyed this book. The different characters telling their parts. It kept my interest throughout. Paula Hawkins is a very good author. I look forward to reading more of her books.
Not sure I see why this is so popular. Comparisons to Gone Girl are silly.  This book is fun but highly improbable.  The plot seems somewhat convoluted and over the top.  Nothing special.
The story kept my interest at first and I kept reading the book just to finish it.  The book really didn't leave me with anything.  As a book just to entertain for a few hours, it was OK.
Was an interesting story about how everyday people are living their life. Lying, faking and being desperate...<br/>I recommend to anyone who would like to read a great exciting thriller!
The suspense factor was good - keeps you guessing, but the writing is average, and some of the dialogue - especially toward the end - was kind of cheesy. But - for plot alone it was good.
I would recommend this book any day of the week. Keeps you on your feet. Wish there could be a sequel to this of maybe the aftermath it caused or maybe a prequel to before Anna and scott.
Too crazy.  Too unbelievable, and too hard to comprehend. Have to wonder why it was ever a #1 bestseller............or how far my mental abilities have fallen........either a possibility.
Good read with very twisted plot.  Have to pay attention to the dates in the headings to keep track of the story.  Makes it a little difficult to follow till you realize the significance.
I read it in two sittings! Such a great story of betrayal and how we never truly know someone. A story of how small sins have a way of becoming much larger and sometimes all encompassing.
I found this book interesting but a little difficult to follow.  The premise is intriguing; however, the multitude and frequency of character changes made for rereading to keep the place.
Amazing thrilling well written book. It had me on the treadmill stuck. I couldn't get a good run in because I couldn't put the book down. Thank you to the writer can't wait for the movie.
This book is better if you don't read it on a Kindle.  The characters are confusing at the beginning and it was hard to keep them straight.  The story gets better as the book moves along.
I thought this book was fair but it dragged out the mystery.  I did read it through, I was not really surprised at the ending.  It was suppose to be as good as Gone Girl which it was not.
A real page turner.  If you like suspense you need to read this book.  The first couple of chapters are a bit confusing but then ii you give it a chance you will not want to put it down.s
It took me a couple of chapters to sort out the characters, but this book hooked me right away.  Nice plot! I thought I had it all figured out but it surprised me.  I love a good mystery.
I've never read Paula Hawkins before. This book was really good, kept my interest right at the start. You go back & forth with her on who it could be, the suspect.<br/>I would recommend.
it was just an unusual book and the many twists in the story kept one on edge. Also like the fact that the story takes place in England where things are a little different than in the US.
disappointed ... too many back and forth characters telling the story. That alone lost my interest several times in the book. Had hoped for more suspense ....seemed more like a TV show ..
despite not having any sympathy for any of the characters, it was a good read with momentum with the urge to get to the end.  An easy read which should be read in one sitting if possible.
The book was good but a little depressing because of the main character's struggle with alcohol.  At about 70% on my kindle the book became very good and certainly had a lot of surprises.
I really enjoyed this story. It kept me guessing almost to the very end. I did not want to stop reading until I knew who did it and why.  I will keep this author in mind for future books.
A page turner. Very visual writing style, kept me on the edge of my seat. At times the severity of the disease of alcoholism was too much to read, as it was so real. Overall a quick read.
This was a great read.....full of intrigue, it grabs your heart right in the beginning. Do not hesitate get this book. Liane  is a story teller for sure. Her research n this was right on.
I loved the overall story here.  I wish there had been more action earlier on.  I did confuse the points of view because it was constantly changing.  Overall though this was a great read.
This book has so many twists and turns. I had no idea where it was going until the bitter end, my kind of story!  Loved the connection with the characters. First time reading this author.
The ending was unexpected, however leading up to it was very tedious. Many chapters were hard to follow since it is written in first person dialogue for each chapter with many characters.
Intriguing and thought provoking.  Makes you think about how excessive drinking can impact your perceptions and how our own predjuces color our taint our interactions.  Excellent writing.
Twists and turns through out. A little confusing at first, with the chapters being different main characters and different dates, but then got the hang of it and really enjoyed the story.
I enjoyed the book.  I love books that go back and forth chapters of the character.  It makes it so interesting to read.  You will have to read the book to find out "who done it".
I find it difficult to read a story like this when there is not a single likeable character. I was interested at the beginning but many of the later chapters were repetitive and plodding.
Fast read, the book was about 100 pages to long. Characters were not like able and one dimensional. The ending was muddled. I did enjoy reading about the English neighborhood and village.
An intricate plot that works hard to build suspense, but the characters are not as involving as one might have hoped, and the long wait to see what happened is not quite worth the effort.
...and I really, really liked Gone Girl!!  Looking forward to the inevitable movie!  It will be great!!<br/><br/>If you love suspense and real characters, this book will not disappoint.
"The Girl on the Train" is in the same genre as "Gone Girl" -- but with the personality twists of the ups and downs of the alcoholic mind.  I thoroughly enjoyed this read.
I didn't want it to end. It reminded me so much of Gone Girl. Full of Suspense! The twist and turns, hard to tell who did what and why. I hope this is made into a movie. READ READ READ!!!
Darkly twisting and fascinating. Illusion overlays planned deceptions, slippery slopes abound, villains and victims change places.<br/>Not to be missed if any of the above appeal to you!
I don't read many mysteries. Of course, I read "Gone Girl" and enjoyed that well enough. I found "The Girl on the Train" to be even more engrossing and equally surprising.
While the title may sound mundane, this is one of the best thrillers I've read in a long time. Many twists and turns and solid characters. I look forward to reading more from this author.
Tightly constructed story that draws the reader deeper and deeper with each sentence. Great dialogue inside each the minds of the characters. If you liked Gone Girl, this book is for you.
Hmmm, I need to write a review for this book but I'm not sure where to start so let's start with Rachel - she is, after all, THE Girl on the Train.  Rachel is a broken-hearted, struggling alcoholic.  She drinks enough to have blackouts so she's never sure what she can trust when it comes to her memories.  The one thing she does know is:<br/><br/>Something bad happened.<br/><br/>Every day Rachel rides the train back and forth to work and she always has her eye on one house with a beautiful couple (Jess/Megan and Jason/Scott) who she can see out on the terrace from her train car.  They seem happy and in love so one day when she sees "Jess" kiss someone other than her own husband she doesn't know what to think and then she disappears...<br/><br/>What happens next, you'll never guess because the author tells it in such a way that you have no idea laden with blackouts and a foggy memories.<br/><br/>Definite recommend!<br/><br/>I won this book through LibraryThing's early reviewer program!  Thank you LibraryThing and Riverhead books!
Really loved the story once I was able to get into it. You just can't help but to love and hate Rach but there is redemption for her in the end. Worth the effort it takes to get into it.
Captivated from the first word. I had to force myself to stop reading so I could get a little sleep. What a story. So inventive and compelling. I'd love to read more Paula Hawkins books.
Meh, it was fine, though I think $1.99 is a more reasonable price. The characters are predictable as is the outcome. Not bad a for a quick beach read, but don't expect a fantastic novel.
This book is dark, with an unexpected twist ending. The unrelaiable narrator kept me on the edge of my seat, and I couldn't put this book down. I read the whole thing in just a few days!
It was VERY long for the story it told. There are some twists and turns that were interesting, but none of the characters were very likeable. Thought it could have been a little shorter.
A very interesting read which combines a mystery with people who have major life struggles.  Most of the main characters cannot be trusted which leaves the reader not liking any of them.
An interesting book....the changing of narrators can be somewhat confusing.  The plot does grab you about half way through the novel.  It then is excellent with a very unexpected ending!
I couldn't stop reading it, although half way through the story starts to become predictable, the story flows and it keeps you wondering what is going to happen next. I enjoyed it a lot!
Sorry, but I've put it down to read something else.  It was a slog to get through it, and I got through about a third.  Just bored me.  No action.  Narrator bored me with her life story.
A good read - kept my attention from start to finish. Unfortunately for me, I had it figured out half way through the story, which was disappointing. This story reminded me of Gone Girl.
found it very jumpy and lost interest leaving it around 33% read.  I clearly found it uninteresting as I found Gone Girl.  Somehow these so called Best Sellers leave a lot to be desired.
As a train rider myself for many years I understand what this girl experienced. The struggles she endured personally were exacerbated through real life issues. Lots of twists and turns..
Good summer read. Very well written. Suspense is kept up throughout the novel. I like how the reader is able to see through the eyes of the different characters in the course of the book
Easy to read! I love how The writer puts the perspectives of different characters in first person for different chapters. The storyline is easy to follow as wellwith multiple characters!
It was a fun, quick read!  I found myself wanting to get back to the book - and I am not a reader.<br/><br/>I like the way that it read - each chapter was a different characters story.
I thought this book was pretty good, A little slow at first but once you get into it, it makes a lot more sense.  I read it pretty quickly too, I couldn't wait to see what happened next.
I loved the book and so did most of my fellow book club members. In the beginning you had to pay attention to get all the characters straight. Once that was done it was a very good read.
Pretty captivating. I had a little trouble at first keeping the characters straight as on my Kindled the title "grayed out" .. Which was the character's name. Pretty suspenseful.
Could not put this book down, it was well written and suspenseful. Kept me interested and was an easy read. This was a book club pick, can't wait to see what the others thought about it.
This book is okay. There are parts that are somewhat boring, yet other parts that add excitement to the book. It's easy to predict who the perpetrator is, but it ends in an exciting way.
I felt like I read this story before; similar to Gone Girl, but with more characters with flawed morals, etc.  However, the author writes well, but I just felt the story was predictable.
The book had an interesting plot but the characters were all unlikable and I guessed the "big twist" quickly. It was slow to start but once it got into the plot it was enjoyable.
An unusual book.  Part fantasy part reality.  As the reader you had to separate  them as you read.<br/>You find yourself grasping at straws trying to figure out what is really happening
excellent story. Figured out the end about 80% through but still a very exciting ending. Really worth the read. Once you're into it a real page turner. Great read for both men and women.
Lots of twists and turns and different points of view from different characters.  Kind of reminded me of Gillian Flynn's "Gone Girl", or kind of like an Alfred Hitchcock thing (Gaslight)
An interesting story with interesting twists and turns and lots of foreshadowing.  It's a great read.  Not since DaVinci Code have I refused to put a book down to go into the other room!
The concept was interesting and unique, but a bit implausible. The novel held my interest and was deinitely worth reading, but I did guess the outcome well before the climax of the plot.
Excellent book.  I read every spare minute I had.  I was coming off some mediocre books so I was delighted with this book. Now I know why it has been on the best seller list for so long.
reminded me of "gone girl". It was slow and the people were one-dimensional and sad. a good director could take the book and make it better ..the people in the book depressed me.
Interesting and unusual book, but not to be compared to Gone Girl.  Thoughtful and disturbing characters that I wanted to shout at..."Why are you doing this?"  Well worth a read.
although it started slow and i was about to put it away for another time i persisted and am so glad i did.  a real page turner -- "gone girl" on steroids! a very satisfying read.
I really enjoyed how this book was set up.  It was easy to keep track of which character you were reading about.  And it kept you guessing as to whom the killer was, right up to the end.
Good read<br/><br/>Told from the perspective of the major female characters, the story they unfold makes us feel their pain, sorrow, disappointment and fear.<br/><br/>Lots of twists.
Kind of dark, depressing. Good plot. I am not sure if I would recommend this book as a good read or not. Just proud that I finished it be caused I was tempted to close the book early on.
I wasn't sure at the beginning , I thought it started a bit slow. But whoa once it picked up it never stopped. Twist and turns until the very end. Do you really know the people you love?
The writing is excellent, however, to enjoy a book I need to like at least one character even if it is the family dog and not one of the characters - major or minor -  was very likeable.
It took me some time to realize we are talking about 3 different people.  Once I got the characters in order I really enjoyed it.  I guess I should have read the reviews prior to reading
I would of never guessed the outcome...3 woman all on different paths and yet headed in the same direction. Caught up in what life handed them & all being manipulated by a man they love?
Nothing deep but highly entertaining. Quick paced and exciting.  Good protagonist and interesting plot.  I would recommend!! It is goo.
I couldn't put this book down. Great thriller! You fall in love with characters that you'd typically hate, this Author actually makes you fall in love with these very flawed characters.
I read it in just a few days...just could not put it down. I learned of it from my French magazine from France. It has been translated in many languages and got great reviews in France.
The plot and the story telling from different points of view kept my interest. The main character was a little unsympathetic - it was hard to understand why she behaved the way she did.
the characters in this novel were a train wreck.  I thought the book was depressing and taking place in England makes you want to stay out of there.  Made me appreciate my life however.
What a great story! I was guessing right to the end. It was not what I expected from the reviews I had read but was pleased that it turned out to be a fast paced, hard to put down read.
I couldn't put this book down.  So many questions made me want to find out more.  As far as the question on sexual content, there is reference that it has happened, but no descriptions.
This was a book that kept me thinking.  I enjoyed the characters and the way they were complex yet simple.  It was a page turner for sure.  I will definately read more from this author.
Every character in this book is dysfunctional or has issues....I absolutely could not put it down!  Great mystery presented in a dark and frantic<br/>way.  I will make a great movie!!!
Very confusing book, with the main characters all behaving badly (except the caring, beleaguered roommate of the protagonist). I didn't feel sympathy for or connection with any of them.
At first it reminded me of Gone Girl.  But the further on you read it has its own hold on your imagination.  Three very different women come together in  stark understanding at the end.
I like the psychological aspect of this book.. A little slow to get going but once the story picked up a bit, I couldn't put it down. I'd recommend it for a beach book or vacation read.
I picked this up on Kindle because it was rated so highly. However, I couldn't finish it. I found it to be quite depressing and I really couldn't get the point. My opinion---just sayin.
This started off very slow, but extremely twisted as you keep reading.  Very exciting and a unbelievable story of the girl on the train...a shocking ending you won't expect, I didn't...
It was interesting following the different characters and learning their different view points on what was happening in their life.  Great read for someone who likes a mystery thriller.
Great first book by Hawkins. The story moves along quickly. I felt as if I were watching too. I thought it was interesting to use a drink as the narrator. Can we trust our won memories?
I loved this book.  It held my interest and had many twists.  The ending was very intriguing and satisfying.  The author does a great job making you feel the emotions of the characters.
I read the book because it was compared to Gone Girl in other reviews. Not nearly as exciting or suspenseful, but ok for mindless summer reading. Surely destined to be a mediocre movie.
This was a page turner! A gritty dark portrayal of the personal lives of 5 pretty edgy people.  I enjoyed that e a chance woman had a voice in telling her story. Terrific vacation read.
I felt the characters were interesting but some were not believable.  The plot became transparent by the middle of the book.  I kept waiting for a twist or surprise that did not happen.
Well written story told by the characters SO accurately, you may believe the author is alcoholic, deceitful, voyeuristic and altogether insane.<br/>Dark, disturbing and wonderful book.
I finished this book, but I didn't really like it.  I found the plot and the characters hard to follow.  I did not like the "heroine," and liking the heroine is important to me.
The books are similar. I will be interested in seeing the movie. The characters were interesting enough. I was a little bit disappointed in the ending.  But all in all a good fast read.
I truly enjoyed The Girl on the Train. Hawkins' focus on the psychology of her characters made the read all the more interesting, and the ending was unexpected and wonderfully sinister.
Had to see how the story ended so I did finish it.  However it is not a pretty story.  It has some surprises and twists.  If you are unable to find a good book to read you might try it.
I almost didn't finish the whole novel as the beginning was rather dark and depressing.  However I glad that I hung in there because as the story began to build, I couldn't put it down.
Great read! Like any commuting ride, all of the fellow passengers begin as mysteries and gradually become known. That's what the author did. And the embedded mystery was well disguised.
I love that it was a fast read The intrigue  kept me interested and eager to know what was happening next. The ending wasn't a total surprise but it kept me guessing until the very end.
If you love a slowly unravelling mystery with the ironic character builds that tease you to keep reading, this one is for you. This is how I wanted Gone Girl to read. Totally enjoyable.
Awesome, edge-of-your-seat thriller/mystery! I had a hard time putting this one down, The characters are very believable and the story one you hope is not! Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
A real page turner, with such a refreshing style. Really a fun read, when you just want something that moves right along. A great book for a vacation, nothing too heavy, and paced well.
I thought this was a great mystery novel that hooked you right from the beginning. I loved trying to guess where the story was going, and it did suprise me. Well written and engrossing.
This was an amazing story that kept you guessing until the end. The way your perceive one character to only find out they're completely different. Very girl gone style. Would recommend.
The story sounded intriguing and it was! Once I began reading,I couldn't put it down. Cleverly and interestingly written. Impossible to figure out 'who did it until the end. Great read!
A masterpiece of suspense-and loved the format. I felt like the "girl on the train" with my kindle :)-knowing the characters from afar. Enjoyed every moment of reading-thank you ,Paula!
Loathsome characters that I can't possibly stomachs little lone read about. Quit after 1/3. No offense to the author or the writing, just too pathetic of a character to spend time with.
I really liked this story, could not put it down.  Very quirky.  Related to all the characters somehow.  Chose it for bookgroup and so far everyone seems to be enjoying it.  A good read
I like the book when it got to the middle.  The beginning was really hard to get thru but then, it Got really interesting<br/>It was quite suspenseful. I would recommend it to readers.
Once I Started I could not put it down.....read it in two days, really great storytelling as each character describes what is happening to them from their perspective on the same day...
Interesting story and even though it isn't great, it is worth reading.  While I read it I keep thinking it could be made into one of those "Lifetime Movies" shown on television.
The story moved so slowly for much of the book, it was tedious to read. The ending was interesting but it took a long time to get there. I almost put the book down on several occasions,
Too many unanswered questions related to supposed clues - will have to 're read it - not good for Kindle reading - too many things to go back and reference - doesn't live up to the hype
Great page-turner.  If you liked Gone Girl, you might enjoy this.  The only thing that gets confusing for me is the timelines, but maybe the author intended this (?).  Hard to put down!
This book deserved a four star rating because it is pretty good. I had a hard time at first remembering which character was who and what they did. After figuring that out, I enjoyed it.
It was just ok<br/>It was hard to follow. I thought the characters were not believable.<br/>I thought it drug on to long. It could have been better if it has just gotten to the point.
It kept me interested so I wanted to keep reading, but I thought it was a little repetitive at times, and kind of predictable for who the bad guy really was. Still I would recommend it.
Superbly well-drawn characters, fascinating psychological studies, interesting, suspenseful story. All in all a lovely romp through a complex book with a captivating cast of characters.
I thought this was a great read if you like a dark mystery--- it was was fast reading and I wanted to sit and read it as often as possible-- If you liked Gone Girl this book is for you
Enjoyed reading the book even though I put down and picked up again after a long absence.  It was suspenseful and the writing portrayed each character very well.  I would recommend it.
I enjoyed this book quite a bit.  Even though it had mixed reviews I liked it.  I thought it was well done when switching from character to character and it kept me engaged to the end.
The story has a very slow and boring pace. Only after passed the first half of the book (maybe even 3 fourths) it gets more dynamic and becomes interesting. The ending was pretty good.
I really didn't like this novel, as much as I wanted to.  If you read much at all the plot was fairly easy to predict and the characters were not nice people and were also predictable.
Slow start, keep reading, good character development and evolving plot. Once I was hooked,  I wanted to read to the end. Good writing, not a feel good book but certainly a page turner.
I enjoyed Gone Girl and was pleasantly surprised to find that this book kept my attention in the same way. I was gripped from the first chapter. You had to know what would happen next.
Interesting book. Decent summer read. While the plot line was twisty at first, it became pretty evident what was going on but the develpment of the characters was done in a unique way.
Loved this book! I am an avid reader, I have read all of Gillian Flynn's books. This one is just as clever, more so  in a different way. I love books that make me want to keep reading.
Loved this book, so many plot twists! I could barely put it down and now I've loaned it to my best friend. And there's more friends waiting for it. Best book I've read since Gone Girl.
This is a page turner! One of the best that I've recently read! I was almost late for work one day because I stayed up so late reading! If you like suspense and drama you'll love this!
Interesting book. It caught my attention early and I had trouble putting it down. Easy read and a plot that didn't get too over the top. Definitely would recommend it as a summer read.
Great book. Loved it. It's one of those books that makes you hooked within the first few pages. I recommend this book to anyone who likes Gone Girl or any other mystery/thriller books.
It was an OK book, did nothing to keep me in suspense.  There were some good parts, but I had a hard time keeping track of who was who and what they were doing.  Ending was a surprise.
A thriller written from the perspective of 3 different women all destined to connect in a horrific way.  An excellent story with flawed characters that kept me reading hour after hour.
I absolutely loved this book! I couldn't put it down. I read it in less than 2 days and would so recommend it! The plot is like so intense you cant put it down! Definitely a must read!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I had a little trouble keeping the characters straight at a few points, but other than that, I thought it was a great read, and I couldn't put it down.
I really enjoyed this book.  The depth of characters was amazing, she did an excellent job developing them.  I did not see who the "bad guy" was until near the end of the book.
It was full of suspense and really kept my attention.  Wanted to see what would happen next.  Would highly recommend this book to anybody.  Will be anxious to see what she writes next.
I am giving this book 5 stars since it was a good book to read for light reading.  It was different from most books that I read, but I felt it was fast reading and kept your attention.
I read the book in exactly 2 days; unable to put it down... Writhing with suspense! But the ending.... There wasn't enough of a plot for the apparent twist. I don't know. Just my HO...
I really enjoyed this book.  It was fun to try and theorize on what had happened and it kept me changing my answer!<br/>It is a book that when i was done, I missed the main character.
This novel probably isn't for everyone, but I loved the way Paula Hawkins told this story (although the way the chapters jumped back and forth was a little confusing in the beginning.)
I did not like this book. The plot was unnecessarily complicated and the characters seemed contrived to me. If you Must read it, check it out at the library and don't waste your money.
Great book! Love when a book is written from each characters perspective. Lots of twists.  I read it, my daughter read it then I loaned it to a friend. I look forward to her next book.
a little redundant in places, especially with Rachel's continual "thinking and knowing something bad had happened".  All in all a good book and I have recommended it to others.
Perfect for long flights or commutes (although that may be too creepy). Unsettling to be inside the mind of an alcoholic, but the protagonist doesn't encourage sympathy, just cringing.
Nothing like a good plot twist to keep me reading until the end! I have to admit that switching between characters and days took some getting used to but I couldn't put this book down!
Definate page turner.  While I disagree with most criticism, the ending was slightly anticlimatic.  Bottom line...it qualifies as one of very few books 'calling" me home to devour.
This book was easy and enjoyable! Interesting to see the twists and turns of some people's lives and how the bad choices they make effect their lives.It kept you wondering you done it!
Excellent thriller as experienced through the eyes of an alcoholic. Which is a first<br/>For me. Never knew the killers identity UNTILL the end. Never saw that coming.<br/>Excellent.
Like "The Goldfinch", interesting premise, but such depressing characters.  "The Girl on the Train" was okay, if you like alcoholics, manic depressives and psychotics.
Very quick read couldn't put the book down. Just when I thought I figured it out the story added another twist. I recommend it and suggest it would be a great read on a rainy weekend.
Comparisons to Gone Girl because you hear the points of view of several characters, doesn't give it away too quickly. the main character a mess but sympathetic. Nothing is as it seems
Engaging read! Written partly in flashback and I found it a bit hard at times to track 'when' I was reading (Kindle version) but was still cable to follow the story without a problem.
Had a hard time getting through this - I think part of the problem was that I did not really care about any of the characters and the writing/structure did not keep me engaged enough.
I really enjoyed this book, so many twists and turns! The characters were very complex, and kept me guessing who might have been capable of the crime. Highly recommend this to others!
Very similar to "Gone Girl" - had a very frustrating main character making really bad decisions.  But all in all was a page turner and had that element of surprise throughout.
in the middle the book seems like it will never end but the ending is worth every minute you put into the rest.  surprise ending (I figured it out but not much before it was revealed)
I found the book to be tedious and the characters unlikeable. Though my interest increased in the second half of the book, it was more that I wanted it to end than cared how it ended.
Poorly written book. The characters are uninteresting and pathetically repetitive in thoughts and actions. So predictable. I only wish I hadn't wasted my time. Nothing like Gone Girl.
I like the changing of characters to tell the story. It keeps you wanting to read what what the next one has to say. I had to pay attention to the dates of the events for each person.
An easy read that kept my mild interest. It comes off much more "soap opera" than true drama. I has been hoping for a plot and characters that were a little more believable and deep.
I enjoyed the book, it was a quick read but suspenseful. I love the different points of view of all of the characters. You can relate in some way to all of their deeply flawed lives.
This was not what I expected, though I am not sure what my expectations were.  I just found it depressing on every level.  Perhaps I should select more uplifting plots in the future.
If you loved "Gone Girl" then check this book out.  I didn't want to put it down and totally didn't end the way I thought it would. Great easy read that kept me wanting more.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat until the last page. I never knew what to expect next.  One of the best books I have read in a long time.  Well written. An amazing thriller.
It's like a train: a slow acceleration to hyper speed. Loved the second half of the book, but the first half is crucial and relevant to the end game. Kept me guessing, which was fun.
Easy to read pyschological thriller with small twists that keep you guessing until the very end. Coincidentally, great to read on a tram/metro/train during commutes to and from work!
You dive deep into the lives of 3 women and the men in each of their lives.  In the end, you realize that you never really knew  any of them.  Lots of twists and turns along the way.
It's a real page turner. There are twists and turns galore. It definitely lives up to its comparison to a Hitchcock film. A good psychological thriller in the manner of Ruth Rendell.
I was immediately swept into the narratives of these three very different women who shared a common vulnerability that bound them together in a most unpredictable manner. Great read!
One of the most riveting and thought provoking books I've read in a long time. So good that I gave up some quality sleep to continue reading. Look forward to more from Paula Hawkins!
Cleverly plotted from three different viewpoints in  a romantic /psychological mystery. Told simply and conversationally with a few complicating misdirections  in plot and character.
The book started out slow but I decided to keep on reading since so many people recommended it!  Wow...the author leads the reader down different paths but the ending was a surprise!
well written and convincing, the story unfurls as you  progress through each woman's story, you discover along with the characters the true story culminating in a violent resolution.
Fairly suspenseful read. I couldn't get on board with the ex-husbands characterization.  Some of the other characters didn't ring true either. Overlooking that, I did enjoy the book.
This book was kind of slow at he beginning and a little confusing with the time lapse between characters but it was very well written, and once I got situated I couldn't put it down.
It was difficult to put this book down. I bought it since the book club was reading it for the month. First book I read by Paula Hawkins. I am waiting to see if a movie will be made.
Well written suspense - keeps you wanting more. I thought the "wrap up" was a bit abrupt and not as well developed as the rest of the story but overall a very enjoyable read.
Really enjoyed this book - very well written, painful descriptions at time because they were so well done.  You could cringe and feel the character's drama.  Highly recommended book.
This book had a basic good plot, but it was so tedious, same words over and over, characters unbelievable, and a waste of time.  How has it stayed on the best books list for so long?
Definitely a page turner.  This book is most often compared to Gone Girl, but I also found shades of Ian McEwan with respect to how it captures some of the neuroses of yuppie London.
Started slowly. Then held my attention for hours. I really felt that I was part of the story, a close onlooker. The characters were people who you might have known. A great thriller!
This story took forever to get started. I almost gave up at the half way point. Yes, it was that boring. The final 3rd of the book saved it. I still not sure it was worth the effort.
Held my interest for sure. Good ending, not wrapped up in a bow, but satisfying. Minor annoyances in the storyline along the way, all in all good read.( how's that for no spoilers😜)
I loved the book.  One of my friends will reading this book for her bookclub upon my recommendation.  I'm waiting to hear their thoughts; I'm sure they will love it as much as I did.
Perfect summer thriller! Loved trying to piece together the facts from a seemingly distraught and unreliable point of view of the main character, was definitely surprised in the end!
A page turner. Unreliable narrators kept me guessing who did it until the end. I recommend this book but I'm giving it four stars instead of five as I was disappointed by the ending.
This is a book that holds the reader's attention from beginning through the end. Just when you think you've figured out who did it the author spins you towards a different character.
I found myself rereading the first few chapters for clarity. The book left me unsettled, as if there were facts I was missing, but the further I read I realized that was intentional.
Could not put the book down - read it in two days.  Found it confusing at first until I realized author was referencing each woman's life individually.  Had lots of twists and turns.
Incredible... I finished reading this book a few weeks ago and still am thinking about and talking about it. One of the most brilliant stories I've ever had the pleasure of reading!!
I know I am in the minority, but, I thought this was one of the most boring books I have read in a long time.  I finished it only to see how it ended, which I thought it never would.
Full of suspense and surprises. It was hard to put down.I liked the characters; the ending was a little disappointing, but understandable. I will look for other books by this author.
I enjoyed this very much. Interesting reading about how dilusional alcoholism can make a human being not no what theyve experienced day to day. Good twists,I encourage all to read it
I did not like this book.  I do not finish it!  I had to stop reading it!  I never stop reading books.  I always finish them but this book was so bad I could not go on and finish it.
interesting enough to keep reading, but I thought it kept repeating itself,. could have been shorter. None of the people were at all likeable much like gone girl, but not as twisted.
When I read that if you liked Gone Girl you would probably like The Girl on The Train. I felt comfortable understanding everything but loved the formal analysis for a few bucks more.
You have to stick with it, but it is worth the wait.  Interesting use of the tool of observation. The author uses seveal sides stories to bring one good story to fruition. Good read!
A very suspenseful novel...seen through the eyes of mostly women characters. But in the end we Humans have a particular way of seeing the world...the talented author knows that well.
Our main character is racked with so many personality disorders it is hard to identify with her and it is slow moving. Good for a sophomore psychology course in personality disorders
The concept of the book was original but since I<br/>could not stand a single character, it was a listless energy draining read.  I finished it only because it was for my book club.
The story held my attention, but, was a little hard to follow. The story changed so many times that I couldn't keep track of who I was following. All in all a very interesting story.
Enjoyed the writing, and the main character's hopeful attitude to get herself back on track.<br/>i really like the UK, and was pleasantly surprised that it took place over the pond.
Boring gibberish that may be of interest to victims of abuse but seems a waste of paper and ink or bits and bytes. Book clubs should skip this one and spend the money on better wine!
A breezy read because Paula Hawkins is an accomplished writer. Using an alcoholic as her heroine provided many opportunities to extend a murder mystery from typical to a nice gotcha.
Fun little page-turner.  I like trains.  I was entertained.  The ending was satisfying, unlike Gone Girl!  I've also enjoyed trying to come up with the cast for the inevitable movie!
I found this book to be ok....not great, not terrible. The concept was good, but tended to drag. I think it could have been half as many pages, kept the concept and been much better.
I wanted to like the book but found it plainly written and contrived. I did finish it (almost always finish any book) and was entertained, but I wouldn't recommend it to any friends.
I could not put this down!!  A week of tired work days!  Great characterization, great empathy, great build up. This would make a fantastic movie!  Best thing I have read in a while!
So crazy how so many lives were intertwined in ways you didn't imagine. You felt like you had a sense of what was going on....and you did....just not as much as you thought you did!
Enjoyed the plot twists although some of them were predictable and some hard to imagine (all of the poor choices our heroine made). All in all , the story kept me turning the pages.
Absolutely amazing book!  I read it in less then a day because it was so compelling.  Kept me on the edge of my seat wanting more and more.  Highly recommend this great page turner!
I didn't get enjoy reading about an alcoholic w black outs & only kept reading bc it was one of our book group selections.  The last few chapters raised my ranking from 1 star to 2.
I didn't love this book.  I'm a huge mystery fan but I felt like this was very predictable. It was an easy read and a good book to get me back into reading after having my daughter.
Good twisty plot that keeps you coming back for more.  I can't say I really liked any of the characters in the book, they were all pathetic or manipulative.  But the story was good.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  You really get to know each character and the story is told like no other book I have read.  Very interesting and you need to pay attention as you go.
Got a little confusing at first if I didn't pay attention to the characters name at beginning of chapters, and it was a little depressing at first but all in all I enjoyed the book.
A really suspenseful read. Hawkins keeps you itching for just enough information to tide you over until the next major plot twist. A great quick read that will keep you entertained.
Could not stop reading this book and finished it within a few days.  Reminded me of Gone Girl though I felt that the plot was more involved and the characters were developed better.
As a voracious reader, I am seldom surprised by story plots. However, this story had me confused from the beginning. I will definitely be reading more books by this talented author.
Interesting style of writing. Little confusing at first but once you realize the technique you are in for an interesting read. A who done it wrapped around the present and the past.
Beautifully constructed although I prefer a more lineal timeframe. The characters, however, had no redeeming qualities. Hoped at least one of them could be liked, but no...
Fast, intense, suspenseful book. From the first chapter I wanted to know how it would end. This was an interesting plot with twisted characters that was a quick bedtime read for me.
You really have to pay close attention to the dates and the applicable story teller but if you do you will find the book well thought out and well written with an interesting story.
This is a page turner.  It grabs the reader from the get go and doesn't let up until the end.  I wish she had more books out.  The only disappointment is that now I need a new book.
This is one of the most twisted books I have ever read.  The majority  of the characters are considerably flawed and disturbed leaving it hard to root for anyone to remain innocent.
Felt like I was reading an episode of NCIS. Maybe it was this one, no that one... I had the movie playing in my head with Emma Stone as the girl on the train. This is a page-turner.
Did not love the book.  Moved kind of slow.  Perhaps if I read it in larger amounts it might have been more enjoyable.  Had the makings of a good mystery but somehow did not wow me.
The first few chapters are hard to keep straight but once characters are established and you keep reading, I didn't want to put it down. Twisted and surprising throughout! Loved it!
Not usually a mystery or suspense reader, but this book took me right in!  Suggested it to my book group, and we all loved it.  Never knew, until the end, who "done it."  :)
Very disappointing. Dragged on way too long. I won't look for this author again. Although it did improve toward the end. Unfortunately  I have an ethic that I must finish a book! 😣
What a terrific read!!!  I have never read any of the author's books and look forward to reading more.  I was on the of my seat reading this and at the end, I didn't want it to end!
Well developed characters and a good pace of action--one can easily "see" the characters and locations in the book, as though you're watching a movie. Captivating til the last page!
A good, solid read. In the same vein as Gone Girl but not as disturbing. Hawkins takes you on a ride from start to finish, with plot twists and unexpected connections along the way.
Masterfully interwoven storylines. Three women's lives interconnect in surprising ways. Each character has her own voice. Lots of surprises. Humor. A really fun and satisfying read.
Very interesting way to write a book.  I was hooked early on and, whenever I could get a bit of spare time, it was a treat to pick it up and read a few chapters.  Really enjoyed it.
Fast paced, did not want to put the book down.  Found the characters interesting and the back in forth on dates and the three individuals take on their space and time was intriging.
Hawkins keeps the reader intrigued throughout the novel.  The interplay of characters and the secrets that are kept make for a great mystery story. She is an excellent story teller!
A bit maudlin and drawn out albeit intriguing.  The initial imagery of the train was unique but was overcome with the drunken exploits otherwise the story would have gotten 5 stars.
A Book Club selection.  Loved it.  Many twists.  Thought I had it figured out and then I didn't.  Edge of your seat ending.  I liked the way the story was told.  Definite must read.
This book was filled with flawed characters whose lives' were intertwined.  You weren't sure if you really liked any of them.  Yet, their life stories kept you wanting to read more!
It was a good story but author kept repeating the same thoughts and conversation on page by page.<br/>She should have brought in some new material to keep my interest in the story.
It truly is written very much like a train.  It builds momentum and starts speeding away!!!  It was a quick read.  Very intriguing.  I liked the character development and storyline.
This story kept me guessing almost to the very end. I really enjoyed the way the author let us get to know the main characters by telling the story from each of their point of view.
I loved the first ~80-90% of the book.  Suspenseful & fun page-turner.  That is the part of the book that gets 4 stars.  The ending, however, was disappointing - too neatly tied up.
A fabulous summer read. I couldn't put it down. Well written and a great plot twist. A must read for fans of the novel Gone Girl!!!
Couldn't get into it...
Very Deppresing read...
Didn't enjoy this read.
sooooo drpresssssssing!
Complete waste of time!
awful. Terribly boring.
TOO MUCH LIKE GONE GIRL
Great read- suspenfull!
A somewhat tedious read
Enough to scare you off
It's hard to imgine how this book got published.  However, perhaps there are lessons here.  If you can't write reasonably motivated characters make them alcoholic and borderline schizophrenic so you can put them through all sorts of irrational actions.  Then add a tendency to blackout and lack any memory of what happened as a plot device.  This used to be called not playing fair with the reader.  It actually didn't matter to me because the main characters were so hateful that I would have not been displeased if the author killed all of them and left the contirveded "mystery" unsolved.  II struggled to read it all the way through because it was a gift from someone I love. (Just to be clear, the only "Hitchcockian" aspect to this far too long novel is that it involves a woman staring from a train, but the brillance of "Rear Window" was the claustrophobic feeling created from the single setting. But the character on the train here is fully mobile and the train is just a extraneous device..
Read  this book in three days at every chance I had!  It kept my attention from nearly the very beginning  It's told from the point of view of three different women although the main character is Rachel and it is difficult at the beginning to like her because she is a drinker who is taking more than two years to recover from a very bad break-up - someone for whom I had very little sympathy until I'd gotten deeper into the book.  It really drew me in and I began to care for her and all the women.  I considered it dark because none of the characters seem happy with their lives even when it appears as though they really should be and the picture she drew of London was very dark and dismal and I don't think of it that way when I visit.  There is a murder which keep you guessing for quite a while and has several twists.  I would have said it was full of surprises but I did figure out who the murderer was several chapters before the big reveal but that does not mean there were no surprises - there were quite a few.
Characters too flawed and plot drags. Twists and turns that make the story unbelievable and less interesting. Told from view point of three women and they each drone on in a whine.
I read Gone Girl and it was a little too reminiscent of that story line for me. I did enjoy the main character and her flaws. The author did a good job at keeping things realistic.
This was a great read. I had such a hard time putting this book down at night so through sleepy eyes I finished the book in just over a day! Dark, intriguing and surprising ending!
Very readable, a "page turner", just enough clues to give you some advance sense of the conclusion without giving it away. I read it practically in one sitting. Happy to recommend.
Entertaining and twisted. A fast read and keeps you guessing up until the end. I probably read it too fast to offer anything else, like critique on character development.... Enjoy!
I wanted to like this, and it was a great premise, but it was poorly executed.  I did finish it, but when I got to the end I felt a bit sick about having wasted reading time on it.
Best book I've read in a very long time.  Since I couldn't put it down, I read it in one afternoon - unusual for me since I'm a very active person and just had to see how it ended.
The reviews are what had me buy this book, but I found it to be a disappointment.  The writing is no better than average; frankly comparing it to a Hitchkockian thriller is a joke.
The writing is verbose and it gets tiring going over and over their "sad" existences (3 characters) and dysfunctional behaviors.  I was glad when the book ended....finally.
Jumps around a lot but author ultimately ties it all together.  A little bit of Gone Girl but overall a good read with interesting characters and engaging plot elements and twists.
I thought that this book was pretty slow. I was also expecting a little more after the climax of the book. I'm still not quite sure if the cops became aware of Megan's true killer.
Great book, at first very interesting and exciting, the ending is too unrealistic. Makes the characters seem boring... however overall plot is pretty good. Reminded me of Gone Girl
Very good story with focused on separate stories of each character.  Love the twist in the story line and how the whole plot comes together. Keeps reader's attention and easy read.
This one kept me reading, which takes a lot.  A very keen sense of character and tone development, suspenseful and somewhat dark, this book will keep you hooked from the beginning.
This book was good, not great.  I didn't like how the author skipped all over the timeline- with 3 different points of view.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the Girl on *A* train much better!
Disappointing given all the hype. For me, this just didn't provide the suspense that I was expecting. Characters were not very likable nor interesting. Oh well, on to another book.
The Girl on the Train was a very good mystery and has reinvigorated my enjoyment of this genre.  I loved it as a summer read on vacation, but this story would be riveting any time.
Brilliant novel.  The characters are accessible and quickly draw you in.  Fast-paced, smart storyline that has enough twists and turns to keep you guessing.  Satisfying conclusion,
A great read!  I love when I can read a book and the ending actually surprises me.  It's well written and easy to follow.  Definitely recommend to anyone who likes a good thriller.
a little over the top with crazy behavior but a good read nontheless.  The main character is a falling down drunk who manages to sober up rather quickly as the villain is revealed.
The telling of the story in different time frames by different characters was confusing.  The characters did not engender sympathy or empathy.  The story was essentially pointless.
I had to finish in a day. As the story unfolded, my need to unravel each characters life increased. It was as if I was putting a jigsaw puzzle together on a rainy day at the beach.
It took a bit for me to get into this..once it took hold I couldn't put it down...the twists..you feel bad then you don't then you do.<br/>Well written with sympathy and suspense.
This was a fun book and a good choice for reading on a flight.  The authors use of vague pronouns when it's convenient to the plot is annoying but it prevents total predictability.
This had all the elements of a good thriller.  The heroine is flawed and complex; the plot keeps you guessing and the location is interesting.  It's a real word-of-mouth good read.
I did not like the alternating people from chapter to chapter.  I felt like the author's writing was weak and redundant in lots of area's.  The book did not keep me very engaged :(
A disappointing book, but I suspect that I was influenced by the hype about the novel. I must admit I did keep reading and I anticipated a surprise ending. Surprise----no surprise.
This was an AWESOME read! The author keeps you engaged and on your toes the entire read. The end is not predictable and for this I give 5 stars and recommend this book to Everyone!
Although I found this book very readable and reasonably captivating, it was somewhat confusing at the onset to determine which character was speaking.  Otherwise, a very good book.
Her drinking problem got to be tiresome...however I Liked it better than "Gone Girl" but another woman who made bad decisions with less four letter words in her vocabulary.
Great book but a little hard to follow cause it keeps jumping from one character to another, you reall have to watch the character names and dates at the beginning of each chapter.
This book starts out a little different.  The different narratives are interesting but kind of hard to follow at first.  They all combine though  to make a great story. Great book.
A compelling read, with plenty of twists and turns to keep this easily bored reader deeply entrenched. I actually finished this book quite quickly, and I'm usually a casual reader.
This book was hard to put down. It is filled with suspense, love, despair & a little mystic. Tons of emotions flow through the pages with tricks of the mine. Entriquing to the end,
I absolutely loved this book!  There were so many twists & turns it was hard to figure out who did what, which is what made it SO good...<br/>I think it was better than Gone Girl!
I enjoyed the book but I thought it dragged out a little too much.  I was somewhat surprised but yet happy with the  ending and thought it was well written and suspenseful overall.
I waited a while to read this one and once I got started, I couldn't stop. Intriguing and dark with many subplots. Not sure if I loved it or hated it but it certainly sucked me in.
I'm not sure I liked the book however I did feel compelled to finish it.  I do not believe I would recommend this book to anyone. It did not appeal to me but perhaps would to some.
I rarely say this about a book, but I really loved every minute of reading it. There were a few typos for some reason, but I can't say enough about what a great read this book was.
You get so caught up in the lives of these women, that you can't put this read down. It is intriguing to the very last page. So mysterious but a sense of realism at the same time .
I was thinking that I didn't like this book as I was reading it, but found that I couldn't put it down.  I finished it in 3 days.  So, I think it was very, very good!  Suspenseful!
This is a well-written, well plotted story that will draw you in, keep you guessing and award you with an extremely satisfying conclusion. If you love to read, don't miss this one.
Our book club selected this book & I can't wait for our discussion!  Liked the writing style & loved the story.  So much happening on so many levels - should be a great discussion.
I have no idea why this book is getting such good reviews/attention.  I couldn't even finish it.  Endlessly "mysterious" and unknowable in a way that became utterly boring.
I felt that the author belabored the agonies of alcoholism and other personality mis/mal/dis-functions, all of which were essential to the plot, but still--I got it the first time.
I like this book because it is both a mystery and a thriller- it has almost unbelievable characters, who move in and out throughout until you think you know answers, but you don't!
Good thriller a la Hitchcock...well structured Paula Hawkins will have you re reading<br/>the last paragraph just to see if you really got it right. You don't know who to believe.
Reading about the thoughts and actions of a self-destructive, self-loathing, dysfunctional alcoholic who happens to be the main character had me skimming through parts of the book.
I enjoyed every page-turning minute of this book!  I loved how the author told the story through the words and thoughts of seemingly unconnected characters. I couldn't put it down!
Really difficult to put down. Many twists and surprises in store for the reader. Don't start this novel unless you have plenty of time to finish.  Great characters, gripping story.
....that keeps you reading and anxious to see what happens next. Are there any normal characters in this book? Are they all dysfunctional? A very good read for a first time author.
Loved it. Never wanted to put it down. Don't let comparisons to Gone Girl fool you. Not the same story. Just same feeling. Excellent writing. Look forward to more from this author.
I have heard a lot of hype about this book being the next "Gone Girl."  It is not.  It is a mildly entertaining thriller with basically unlikeable people who are all connected to a murder mystery.  The primary character, Rachel, is an alcoholic who experiences blackouts and inexplicably does one stupid thing after another.  She travels on the train every day to a non-existent job, fantasizes about the lives of people she sees from the train and then inserts herself into their lives through deceit.  She also harasses and slightly terrorizes her ex-husband and his second wife.  She is completely unlikeable and her actions for the most part make no sense.  Using her as the primary story teller necessitates her implausible behavior, and the "surprise" ending is so out of character for how she is in the rest of the book that it is an insult to the reader.  Read it if you must, it certainly is getting a lot of buzz, but I will bet you will come away feeling like you were tricked by good marketing.
This book was good, a tad verbose at times.  We'll written, but lacked the suspense, and page turning anxiety I was hoping for. Am looking forward to seeing the screen adaptation.
Lots of twists and turns in the book. I personally didn't like the book much but once I start reading a book I finish it. My wife on the other hand thought the book was excellent.
This book must be started carefully so as not to confuse the two female characters. But, once established the well developed plot holds the reader's interest throughout the story.
This did improve as it progressed and would be relevant to a lot of train commuters but the "heroine" did do some pretty silly things.and at times I felt irritated by her.
This is a good book that keeps you guessing!  Unfortunately I read it just after I had finished Gone Girl which was spectacular,  so this one is not as good but still a good read.
Not overly intense, not too many characters to keep track of and keep straight from one another.  As each character tells their stories, you keep changing your mind on "whodunit".
its a bit hard to follow in the beginning because there are three people telling th story. But this was a real page turner and you dont see the end coming. I thoroughly enjoyed it
Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.  Once I figured out who was the villain, I still didn't know how it was done. Very active plot and you couldn't tell who to believe.
Interesting mystery with some nice twists.  Once you get acquainted with the British terminology....it's very interesting reading.  At least this turned out better than Gone Girl.
Well written.  It is difficult to switch between characters, but it was done easily. I had to read it fast so as to keep track of which character was talking.  Loved the suspense.
Loved how intense it got at the end and enjoyed it being from different people's perspectives throughout the story. It took me a few chapters tp get into it but then I was hooked!
Loved this book. A little slow at times but picks up and I couldn't stop reading, to try and discover who the killer was. I'd suggest it to anyone who likes a good murder mystery!
This one started  out slow, and a little confusing. When it started coming together I couldn't wait to get back to it. Kept you on the edge as it went on. Had a surprising ending.
I just did not like any of the characters in the book - too much drinking, too much sadness and social dysfunction.  I like a mystery but not one that depresses me as this one did
Best book I have read this year! The character development is intriguing and enticing... Exactly what I was looking for this summer! I read it in two days... Couldn't put it down!
My suggestion:  read each chapter carefully, separating names at beginning of each chapter.<br/>Excellent storyline and suspense!  Loved this book! I was a bit sad when it ended!
A fun book club read.  I especially enjoyed it because I had the unique opportunity to read it while riding trains in London on vacation.  Interesting insight into human psyche...
This laughable introspection dithered between boring and sloppy. I would recommend this to no one and am feeling shortchanged that I wasted 2 hours waiting for it to develop. Fan!
This was recommended by a friend for me to read because she loved it. I am so glad I followed her advice and read it too!! It had lots of twists & turns & the end was a surprise!!
Good read! Begins slowly at first, you really don't like the main character, but as the book builds and you have more information, you like her and understand her failings better.
Very good mystery told threw some of the main characters through their take on what's happening in the story.  Keeps you on the edge of seat wondering what's going to happen next.
This novel was not at all what I expected it to be. It took a little while to get into but once there it was gripping. I enjoyed it and bought another copy as a gift for a friend.
Beautifully written, tragic but keeps you glued to your seat wanting more. A real Who Done It....with so many character changes. On top of that I will never drink alcohol again!!!
This girl really had a drinking problem, she was a mess through out the whole book. She lived in a dream world that turned to murder. But our book club did enjoy reading the book.
Excellent book. The story was great and I never wanted to strangle any of the characters. It was MUCH better then Gone Girl and I hope it gets turned into a movie for next summer.
I think this was a well written book, but I didn't enjoy reading about a alcoholic woman.  Just my opinion.  I guess I just got tired of her drinking and apoligizing all the time.
Builds to a dramatic climax,and keeps you guessing at every page. Just goes to show what you see on the outside of a marriage doesn't always match what is really happening within.
Too much drinking.  I figured TOm was the bad boy 1/3 from the end.  What happened to Scott and did the drinking person ever find a job?  Too many unanswered questions in my book.
Liked it better than Gone Girl. The "girl on the train" was extremely annoying, but the story was good, and she got better as it went along.<br/>Overall a very good read.
The story was steady but it did build to an unpredictable twist.  Someone said a lot like Gone Girl which I would have to agree with.  Good read though most won't be disappointed.
Loved this book. Was hooked on it by the beginning and couldn't put it down. Reminded me of Gone Girl. Never knew where the book was going. Suspenseful. Definitely recommend this.
This book had me enthralled from the first page, keeping you constantly guessing who did what and when. I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a psychological thriller.
It's a long time since I've read a murder mystery that had me guessing for the longest time who the culprit is! Totally absorbing, novel and suspenseful. Loved every minute of it.
Good transitions between characters.  Developed them well.  Suspected the cuplrit about 2/3 way thru, but still a good read.  Love the symbolism of the train and shoulder massage.
Interesting concept, reasonably well-written. Gripping, will keep you reading to find out the end! Reminiscent of Gone Girl but certainly has its own interesting twists and turns.
Enjoyed the pace of the book. Could not put it down.  Although I had made an earlier prediction that turned out to be true, there were enough twists in the story to keep me going.
It was good when Ifinally realizeed there were named for the chapters. On the Kindle the chapter titles are reallyd. Otherwise I enjoyed it very much. Will probably read it again!
I enjoyed how this story was told from different people. Events and situations are often seen differently from the people involved and this book showed that in an interesting way.
An excellent read from start to finish. I could not put this book down. The evolution of Rachel's journey as well as the other characters kept me interested the whole way through.
I really loved this book. The story was well written, and the interrelationship of the characters very interesting. I loved the style of this page turner. I could not put it down.
I could not make myself care about any of the characters in this novel.  Maybe I would have rated it higher if it had not been for the Gone Girl comparisons. I was expecting more.
This was a very different writing style and took a little time to get use to it, but the story was so interesting I had to keep reading. This is the best mystery I have ever read.
This is one of the best books I've read for a long time.  It kept me guessing who the real villain was until the big reveal near the end. A very satisfying psychological thriller.
The book made me tired.  Bit too gritty.  There are no nice people in this novel, not even the "nice" one is nice.  Interesting concept but not going on my favorites list.
Started out slow and depressing. I found it hard to keep reading it. Sometimes confusing if you didn't stay on your toes. It got much better and was hard to put down! Good ending.
I liked the mystery of the characters. It was a page turner till the end of the book. I always want a happy ending and this ending was happy but fitting for the theme of the book.
Unexpected, enthralling, frustrating ( which means that I cared!) and well written. Good character development and a good mystery.  I couldn't put it down. What more can you want?
I loved the book, and couldn't put it down.  The characters were full of surprises and simply fascinated me.  I would highly recommend this book, especially a good book club read.
Really enjoyed this book-a little dark-but kept me interested  throughout to find out  what happened-  and  how we  can imagine about other people's lives  being better then ours.
The story unfolds at a slow pace, so much that I started to wonder whether it was worth continuing. Once the parts and perspectives start to intertwine, it is hard to put it down.
Thought I had this figured out early on but I was wrong. Good story about 3 very flawed women whose lives intersect. Hard to keep reading once I started to find out what happened.
There's nothing Hitchcockian about this book. The comparison is an insult to Hitchcock. Anyone who has seen Rear Window knows that the focus of the movie is on the mystery, not on the internal angst and whining of the main characters. This book is a repeat of Gone Girl. The same suffocating sniveling by a couple of angry, controlling, and jealous young women, who will not get their act together no matter how good they've got it.<br/><br/>And why don't they have girlfriends? A few really good gal pals would call them on the carpet for their pettiness and remind them that there are people in the world who have suffered far worse tragedies in conditions totally void of creature comforts and handled it with more grace and courage than these protagonists could muster in a lifetime.<br/><br/>Is this really how young women think in this day and age? Are they really this narcissistic and weak?<br/><br/>I sure hope this isn't an example of the mystery genre of the future. Call it what it is. Literary fiction. Painful and pointless.
A very good read.  Beginning starts off a little slow although keeps the reader guessing & then you won't want to put the book down! A few twists which keeps it very interesting!
Once I got into this book I didn't want to put it down. Little hard to keep up with the flow of 3 different versions of the same story at times but still recommend as a good read
This is an interesting story, and you have to pay attention to the dates, as there are a lot of flashbacks. I thoroughly enjoyed this fast paced, slightly creepy, suspense novel.
I could not wait for this book to end.  reading it was akin to being a voyeur into the lives of flawed people who I didn't really like enough in which to have a sincere interest.
It was initially difficult to follow what was going on.  I almost gave up on it, but it got much better.  Surprises and story twists abound.  Overall, a good book.  Entertaining!
I couldn't put it down. Paula writes with such artistry, the reader will feel as if they were there in the story. I think her characters were very believable and doggedly honest.
The story wanders and bounces around making it hard to follow.  Reading about how an alcoholic continues lie, deceive and to make bad decisions is not heart warming.  Ending sad.
This book was a slow start for me, but man what a thrilling ride once it got going! Amazing character development, loved the perspective changes throughout. Kudos to the author!!
This was recommend by a few coworkers, and I'm glad I read it! Could not put it down, I would not be surprised if this is made into a movie... Though the books are always better.
Well done! Even though I figured out the ending ahead of time, I enjoyed this book in it's entirety. Very entertaining, I highly recommend for anyone into psychological thrillers
I am only a third of the way through this book, but so far it couldn't be more boring.  I sincerely hope if gets better because I am struggling to read it without falling asleep!
Good reading for a summer day.  Hawkins has a good grasp on both reality and imagination.  The reader has a gamut of emotions towards the enabler, the protagonist, the neighbors.
Good writing style.  Main character development was repetitive and I started flipping pages.  Once the suspense started I was hooked. But overall I did not really enjoy the book.
The book started a little slow, but once you were about one quarter the way through it, you could not put it down. None of the characters were likable, but they were interesting.
I thought this book was great!  A fun read - it was hard to follow in the beginning but was much easier to follow as I continued to read.  I highly recommend reading this........
This is a great book. When I started reading it , it was hard to stop . I would recommend this book to anyone who like physiological thrillers, or anyone else that loves to read.
I liked how this book ended, but it took Hawkins too long at the beginning to set everything up.  I got tired of reading basically the same old, same old for a third of the book.
Good story, but characters are not totally believable.  I liked the suspense but had difficulty identifying the passion needed for Rachel to continue her obsession with her past.
I really wanted to make this book last and not read it too quickly,  But once I started, I could not put it down.  Great story.  Good character development.  I really enjoyed it.
This book is entertaining and will keep you reading. If you enjoy mysteries you will like this one. The main character's drinking problem was disturbing, and nauseating at times.
This is one unsettling little triller and the best bit about it is that no one can be trusted, including the three female narrators who share the storytelling of this book. Whoa!
This book was different reading/listening like, but on did become very interesting as the story unfolded.  It would have been great if there was a book 2.<br/><br/>Great story!
It starts out as an ordinary story about ordinary women. I could have been the girl on the train, making up stories about other people's lives. It doesn't stay ordinary for long.
Keeps your interest from the first page to the last page.  Very different mystery, very ingenious!!!  You won't be able to figure this one out it is too devious.  A great read!!!
Confusing at first because of the names she gives characters when their real names are different.<br/>Had to keep reading because there was no way you could imagine the outcome.
Easy read and certainly kept my interest high.  Looking forward to future books from this author.  Hope her second book is just as good, she has set herself some steep goals now.
I enjoyed the book tremendously, but did have to go back several times to see which person was talking.  I would definitely recommend this book for lovers of "Gone Girl".
The Girl on the Train is a psychological and crime mystery.  There are multiple twists and turns in the story and it reminded me of Gone Girl a bit.  I highly recommend the story
Freaky story.  Took a while to understand the different characters/story format.  However, once you get over the main character's downfalls and insecurities, the story gets good.
This was my first book by this author. Great read. At times a little slow because you knew things were not as they appeared to be. Nonetheless keeps you on the edge of your seat.
I enjoyed this book even though none of the characters were very like-able. Normally that would turn me off, but it was written well enough that I felt compelled to keep reading.
The main character has some serious problems! There are some parallels to "Gone Girl", but different dramas. I could not predict the ending so I really enjoyed the story.
It really wants to be and so from the beginning you know you do not have the facts - that there will be a "twist"... And why do all the women have to be so flawed.  Disappointing
I enjoyed this one.  The plot twists were great and kept me guessing.  I thought having the chapters form each of the main characters' perspectives was great.  A good quick read.
Read the whole book in the Denver Airport with a delayed flight during a storm.  I found it totally absorbing and a page turner.  It certainly helped pass the time in a good way.
Superb story telling had me going in a lot of different directions. Fabulous story with life like characters. Starts a little slow but picks up speed like a train. Very enjoyable
If you enjoy a well written psychological thriller then his book will satisfy all of your needs. Many antagonists; and, still trying to identify the protagonist... A page turner.
I really enjoyed the stories and the surprise ending.  The story had an easy flow.  It is very easy to read.  I loved the twists in the story.  I recommend this book to everyone.
I was able to figure out who did it about halfway through but I it was interesting to watch it pan out.  I found it interesting how alcohol and the train played such large roles.
Heart pounding, exciting book that I could not put down. Paula Hawkins gives multiple perspectives to the events in the book, keeping the reader guessing how the mystery unfolds.
Twisted characters, twisted plot.  Written with three narrators, all of which are slightly unstable, this novel gives very little away as it holds readers in suspense to the end.
Good story line. enjoyable book.  First few chapters seemed slot to me. After that, the plot twists were really enjoyable.  Toward the end, couldn't put it down.  Worth your time
All in all a very satisfying read! Plenty of twists and turns to keep you enthralled. Character development could have been tightened up a bit. This will make for a decent movie.
Each day is divided into morning and evening train rides throughout the book. An unusual approach to relaying the events, but very successful. A riveting book once it gets going.
It held my interest. Rachel's ups and downs with alcohol kept me wondering what would happen next. The backgrounds and personality of each woman made for interesting plot twists.
A great story in a similar vein to Gone Girl where you are exposed to different pieces of the characters' lives from their own perspective, unravelling the mystery along the way.
One of the best books I have read in a long while. I finished it within a few days. I didn't want to put it down. I needed to know what happened next. I was engrossed! Fantastic!
Grabs you from the start.  As the author unfolds the plot you hear from three female characters and begin to piece the story together.  Gathering suspense until a satisfying end.
This book has you hooked from chapter one. I would recommend that the reader concentrate on characters and dates as they read. It will make the unraveling of the suspense easier.
This story about a forlorn alcoholic morphs insensibly into a first-rate murder mystery. The characters are richly drawn and sympathetic. I couldn't put it down umril I was done.
Well written.  The characters were well developed, and the story was not boring or predictable.  At the halfway point I could hardly put the book down.  A good, suspenseful read!
Good book, like others have commented the timeline and switching between three different stories is a bit confusing. Can be slow moving but it picks up after about the first 1/3.
This book kept me on the edge & guessing throughout the novel. Well written & well told, The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller that begs to be finished in huge gulps.
I read this in two days...a real page turner.  It was suspenseful with lots of plot twists.  Bottom line... if you love a good suspenseful mystery that you can't put down this is your book!
I found this book to be a slow read, impossible to follow and easy to put down.  Midway through the book, I became intrigued about the many complexities and finally completed it.
This book started out very slowly and was confusing. Eventually,I was able to understand the plot. This is an interesting read, but I cannot understand why it is a#1 best seller.
I wasn't able to read this in one sitting so thought it was hard to follow.  I was surprised by the ending. I think many of the characters were not accountable for their actions.
This book has one of the strongest starts in recent memory. Unfortunately, by the end, I was disappointed in both the plot and the direction in which Hawkins took her characters.
Looooooooved this book! Kept me guessing the whole way. The characters are interesting and sometimes cringe-worthy which makes them all the more real and just BETTER. Great read!
At first I was confused about the structure and alternating characters. Thankfully I kept going because the further I read, the more I became entranced. Wonderful story-telling .
The first few chapters were confusing and didn't draw me in.  As you keep reading and get an idea of the characters, it's picks up.  I think I read the last third in one sitting!
I read this book in a coupluhhe of days. It was difficult to put down. Great story told by different characters. Ending was surprising and very satisfying. Would highly recommend
Prepare yourself for interesting but unreliable narrators. Grab a cup of coffee and before you know it you will be done reading Hawkins' haunting tale of loves betrayed and lost.
Five stars! I finished this book in two days. The differing view points kept me up late at night and awoke me early in the morning. A thrilling mystery, with a satisfying ending.
OK- honestly, I thought that I knew the plot before I started the book. How many twists and turns can this story line have? I was wrong I was wrong.  By all means read this book.
I got so drawn into this story ,like I was involved somehow. Please make a movie! Best book I've read in a long time.I'm drained and yet sad at the same time.Thanks for the ride.
It remained on the top 10 list so long, I finally got around to reading the book.  Wasn't sure at the beginning if I even liked the book, and then, just like that, I was hooked.
Waste of time.<br/>The character is always on self pity.<br/><br/>The ending is absolutely predictable.<br/><br/>Seriously, it's not as trivial and mysterious as gone girl.
Modern pathos<br/>Sex booze infidelity murder<br/>Nice character development<br/>Subtle sexuality<br/>You can't help but love the women<br/>The train adds a fine background
Good story, good writing. I was a little hesitant when I heard it described as "the gone girl of Europe". But it's not. And if you like suspense/drama you won't be disappointed.
I was told this is a thriller and as suspenseful as gone girl. Its not. Its predictable and average. Still not a bad read. Just doesn't live up to tje hyoe so was dissapointing.
I enjoyed the story and the writing style.  The characters were well formed, and loved their interaction.  If you like this book, you should check out 'Meet me at the Riverside'
This novel was extremely depressing.  Needed to hear from at least one character with redeeming qualities!  Very much dislike the me...me...me attitude of all of the characters.
Great book. The plot had enough twists that kept you interested and you didn't see what was coming until the end. Female characters were well developed and played the lead role.
The twists the book takes are really good ones.  The story is well developed and so are the characters.  I didn't guess the ending until I was reading it. I recommend this book.
Good story - the tale is a good one and the characters are developed wisely.  I liked the way the three different narrators told their stories as they saw it through their eyes.
I loved this book. I liked the way the author wrote it, switching back and forth between the characters. That made me SO not able to put it down. The ending was very satisfying.
I checked violence and sexual content but they are not too bad.  More suggestive than actual. Was hard for me to get into, but after a few chapters, interest was held very well.
realistic, rendition of an alcholic's unrealistic view of a short period of her life after her divorce from the love of her life………easy read w/good twists & turns.  really good.
Once you start reading this book, you won't be able to put it down. It's not film noir, it's book noir! I had my doubts initially, but it wound up being a most fascinating read.
The author is great at keeping one in suspense.  I liked the fact it took place in Norfolk England.  The reader could empathize with all three women, who were complex characters
Like most people it seems that read the book, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I promptly told my friends that it was a really fun read and they should check it out. And so should you!
It was difficult at first to follow the characters,but about half way thru it caught me. After that I could not put it down. I was constantly back and forth with who was guilty.
Amazing! I couldn't put it down. I loved that the ending was not predictable and the author keeps you on your toes by switching back and forth between points of views and dates.
Interesting set-up with an unreliable narrator who finds her way through an alcoholic haze to some searing insights. A little Gone Girl-ish but well executed.  Real page-turner.
It starts out slow, but eventually it is hard to put down.  When a girl disappears, the plot gets very complicated and it is hard to figure<br/>out what really happened to her.
I was disappointed in this book. I thought all the characters were flawed and their ways of dealing with the situations they faced seemed unlikely. It all seemed very contrived.
I would recommend this book for any adult reader.  It took me awhile to pick up the plot.  Once I did the story was quite good.  I would like to read other books by this author.
It has been a long, long time since I have had a book take over my life like this one.  Please read it....all I can say is we will all see ourselves in these characters.  Enjoy!
Interesting tale but too dark with characters who behave in violence and adultery. Not nice people doing not nice things. Good mystery but I would have preferred a happier tale.
I felt I had to finish this book because I started it and unwanted to know the ending. However the ending was expected and the main character rally made me fell sympathy for her
I thought the story was very slow moving. I feel the author tried  to describe the main character's emotions and thoughts to thoroughly. The story became a slow read and boring.
This is a great read. Lots of twist & turns. Being sober myself now for over a year it really hit home just how messed up your life gets when you can't see life clearly. 5 stars
While I enjoyed this book/story I am not sure why it became so popular. The plot and story line were interesting and certainly readable, but I didn't find it a drop-dead winner.
A very slow story. The last half of the book was when the story really became interesting. I put it down several times, but friends encouraged me to continue and I am glad I did
It's an enjoyable read. The characters are well-defined & chapters deal with each character individually. She keeps you guessing for quite some time. I would recommend this book
The beginning of the novel gave me the urge to tell her to shape up and quit drinking.  I almost put the book aside.  I glad that I stuck with it.  Good book for a first effort.
While interesting, it's primarily a novel about emotions and relationships.  It is rather slow moving and somewhat repetitive.  I would classify it as a "woman's" novel.
So good. Love the style of the writing. Twisted story! Fantastically interesting characters. Appreciated the difference perspectives from each of the women. A total page Turner.
This book is fantastic and highly recommended reading! A great psychological thriller......read it in full in 48 hours, couldn't stop :-) Can't wait to see what she writes next!
This was a great read that kept me thinking and guessing but still had me fooled in the end! I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a leisurely yet captivating read.
I liked it. It took me a while to get used to the different narratives. I got a little bored by the Rachel character. Wanted to kick her in the butt and tell her to get over it.
Loved it.  Had a hard time at first following the characters, even though there are so few, but ended up not putting it down until it was completed.  I'd certainly recommend it.
I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  In all honesty, I'm not much of a critic, but this story hooked me early on. While the plot was certainly somewhat contrived, aren't most novels.
This book was well written.  It held my attention and I was surprised by the ending, didnt see it coming.  I flew through it and looked forward to getting back to it each night.
My heart is still racing after just now finishing this book. Not my usual genre, but I read it in one sitting because I could NOT put it down. Off to take some deep breaths now.
A real page turner  that I could not put down and always looking forward to again reading. The author had me thinking that I was part of the novel because it was so engrossing .
This is exactly the kind of book i love to read. Nothing is what it seems to be and there are twists and turns. I will definitely be reading anything else this author publishes.
Started out slow but kept getting better until I couldn't put it down. had the thing figured out about half way through the novel, but the way everything came together was great
I loved this book!  I was only half way through it when I was referring it to other women. I couldn't put it down when the suspense started.<br/>I encourage woman to read this!
Good book to read on train commutes or long plane rides. The story is paced well, with few dull moments. Recommend picking it up if you are looking for your next suspense novel.
Enjoyed the story and the characters·  Can`t wait for Hawkin`s next novel as she has great storytelling abilities·  Kept me trying to figure out "who did it" until near the end!
Great interplay between three confused women.  Rivals Gone Girl although a very different story.  Early on the reader may wonder where all this is going but it's worth the wait!
What a great book.......suspense, lots of cultural info, extremely well constructed...excellent editing. I was pleasantly surprised. Can't wait for her next fiction product!!!!
I enjoyed this book and found that it held my interest.  Story is told from 3 points of view.  A good story with some twists.  This was the monthly selection for our book club.
started off a bit slow, but then caught my interest, and I flew through it.  I usually take forever to read a book, but finished this quickly and enjoyed it. Simple, easy read.
It had a slow start but then suddenly it was very captivating. I needed to know. Excellent read. Would for sure recommend reading this. I see this book on many book clubs list.
This book is like a good puzzle. Things are jumbled and as you get closer to finding out the truth it finally clicks and you've solved it. Such a great and easy read! Loved it!
An enjoyable read - a page turner. However I guessed the perpetrator quite early on and I found the ending  a little disappointing - but overall I would certainly recommend it.
It was okay. Twist at the end, but obvious in the last several chapters. Still, a good, fast read. Not as good as Gone Girl as far as suspense. That was a good surprise ending.
It has a different ending but getting there was hard to endure.  I had difficulty in following the flash backs and flash forwards, keeping track of which woman was the problem?
Wasn't able to solve this, until very close to the end. That's all any person addicted to Mulder mysteries is looking for. Also being in the mind of an alcoholic is fascinating
I am ready to read another book written by Paula Hawkins. Love the twist and turns of a mystery thriller. I couldn't put it down until I finished reading The Girl on the Train.
The train ride lasted too long before it got interesting.  Just when I decided to get off the train the plot thickened.<br/>None of the characters were likable or sympathetic.
Very confusing due to different characters and each chapter was about a different character.  It was Okay.  Don't know what all the Hoopla is all about this book.  I was bored/
All of the characters are deeply disturbed and unsettling. It twists and turns like a train track which seems appropriate since so much of the story is based on the train ride.
I enjoyed the book but wanted to wrap it up when I had only about 10% remaining. Some of it seemed a little far fetched.  I thought it would be better but it was worth reading.
Confusing to follow, it took me half the book to realize the author was narrating the book between alternating people.<br/>Nothing spectacular about this book.  It was jus ok.
I like the way some of the scenarios had happened, and then later explained in detail. The guessing of who the perpetrator was consistently changed. I never guessed it right.👍
I really enjoyed this book.  While not all likeable,  I became invested in each characters story.  I was surprised by many of the twists, which rarely happens.  Excellent read.
This is the best book I've read this year and I've read quite a few. I didn't want to eat or sleep; I didn't want to put it down. The suspence and intensity built page by page.
Great book. Hard to put town.  Just what I needed in a novel after a boredom streak. Great complex characters and good plot twists. Can't wait to see what else this author has.
It seems this is much like a draft of Gone Girl.  I don't particularly like the chapters of each person telling their story.  Only finished because I paid for it.  Over priced.
I prefer books with dialogue.  This one had none of that, at least for the first couple chapters.  It did not hold my interest and I deleted it from my kindle before finishing.
Pretty good novel is all aspects.<br/>I like the switching of perspectives to show different views of the same character.<br/>I would definetly read another from this author.
The mystery kept me reading, but the book is filled with dysfunctional, pathetic characters.  Even the supporting characters have dysfunctional lives. (Roommate and boyfriend).
Protagonist is not as likable as I would have expected. Plot kept me coming back but felt contrived and forced. Felt like eating empty calories. Left me wanting more substance.
I'm in the minority again. This was not one of my favorites. It wasn't horrible, however. I just think there was too much time spent drinking and making things up on the train.
Didn't know what to expect from this book - had only been told that it was a good read. Pleasantly confirmed, sadly finished in less than 48 hours! Definitely worth picking up!
Good read, compelling writing. The style reminded me of GONE Girl, with different outcome.  I did figure it out, so not completely surprised at ending.  Well worth purchasing !
Incredibly suspenseful and engaging leading the reader to reformulate the "real story" again and again. Very true to life, and well developed and plausible characters. Great read.
Great mystery, characters, wonderful story.  I liked the way the author put the story together in a sort out of diary format switching from character to character.  Great read!
This is one GREAT book! I see why it was #1 on the list. Suspenseful, detailed characters and story line. Hard to put down! Will look for more books by this author. GREAT BOOK!
Good read.  The characters are all pathological- which always makes for good twists and turns. If you liked Gone Girl (that would be a 5 star for me) you'll like this book too.
It was an interesting book but some parts were obscure. It held my attention to the end while Itried to figure out what was going on. The shift in times was confusing at first.
If you liked Gone Girl you will like this one.  It 's even more twisted that Gone Girl.  Had trouble getting the  story sorted out at first.  Not a favorite but worth the read.
Interesting plot.  Unlike any I have read.  I enjoyed the story and found it hard to 'guess' ahead.  I passed the book on to my reading partner and she too, seemed to enjoy it.
The characters were very interesting . I like how the author goes back and forth between them.<br/>I did figure out the ending before reading it but it was still very good. !!
The book was very intense.  Other times you wanted to say would this happen this way in real life?  It was very suspenseful but you could guess the ending before you got there.
Wow so gripping this book really sets the pace of what a thriller should read like. Not one chapter was dull. The author grabs your attention and spins it in every perspective.
It took me about 100 pages to get into the book.  Then it got really good.  I would not compare this book to Gone Girl, but It turned into a good mystery with lots of suspense.
I enjoyed the book over all. It was my first murder mystery book and I was not expecting the end. I wish it went on a bit after the major twist at the end but it is what it is.
Really suspenseful....a rather slow, and confusing start as the characters were introduced, but they were well-developed  and I grew to love each one.  I couldn't put it down!!
I simply could not put this one down....captivating story with characters that we yearned to learn more about. The plot unfortunAtely seemed more realistic than far fetched....
Although I enjoyed the book, I found it difficult to follow. The switching back and forth between characters and time periods made it difficult<br/>to keep track of the story.
I loved it! The writer doesn't give the answer away until exactly the right minute. Definitely a page turner. Rachel is one of the best characters I've read in quite some time.
Did some speed reading through parts.  Slow start, jumbled and nonsensical.  Got better as book progressed, but rather anticlimactic ending.  Comparing it to Gone Girl, no way.
I found it a great read. Couldn't wait what would happen next. I found the characters interesting<br/>And felt affinity for the heroine. I would recomend the book to a friend.
Couldn't put it down. A little confusing at first separating the characters, but it got progressively better .It was worth it to get to the surprising ending!<br/>A must read!
Not the most cheery book ever, but quite gripping. I found myself feeling very compassionate toward the main character. I can't figure out what else to say without spoiling it.
This was a great story told in the perspective of three women. As you read you learn about how they are connected and the story develops into a read you don't want to put down.
Compelling. Read in 2 days but would have finished sooner if work hadn't got int the way. Kept me guessing all the way through. Great debut novel. Will be following the author.
The book was well written - very suspenseful -  kept your interest. My<br/>daughter also read it and we would recommend it to all that like books of suspense<br/>and mystery.
Girl on the Train kept me turning pages quickly to see what happened next. Not the run of the mill mystery, and the ending was not obvious until close to the end. Recommend it.
One of the best "Who-Dun-It's" written in a long time.  Always interesting perspectives, written from the characters viewpoints, one an alcoholic. Couldn't put it down!
Overall I really enjoyed the book, but I think you hate and even despise almost every character at least once- some way more than others. Easy thriller/murder mystery for sure.
This book was a slow reading in the beginning but gathered steam as time went along. The ending built up to a surprise which I had kind or figured out but was very interesting.
A really compelling read, even though I was pretty sure I knew who did it about a quarter of the way through. I love that much of the mystery was in deciphering her own memory.
I liked concept of three viewpoints,  but sometimes was a bit difficult keeping up with which character was speaking.  I didn't feel enough depth to separate the personalities.
I could not put this book down.  It is a page turner full of twists and turns. Paula dies an excellent job of putting the story together through the eyes of several characters.
Great read! I had many theories, one was right but it left me wondering until close to the end. The characters were well developed and easy to bond with. Could not put it down!
Although it was a mystery it was not scary. It just kept you guessing. In the end everything made sense and I enjoyed the book to the end.<br/>I've recommended it to everyone.
Very suspenseful, very well written, very heavy. I don't want to reveal one other thing about this novel. Except if you are looking for a warm and fuzzy this is not that novel.
I'm tired of weak female characters in popular books.  Your choices here are untrustworthy drunk, nutty mother, or dead.  Blah.
Pay attention to the dates and it makes sense.<br/>Otherwise you can get lost.  Fascinating premise<br/>And story. Good read.
This book is good up until the last chapter. Horrible ending, predictable, and frankly stupid. I was hoping for so much  more from the way the author developed the characters.
Hard to get started. Stuck with it and the plot developed. Characters kept skipping back and forth in time and unless you paid very close attention, it could become confusing.
This is a story about the intersection of lives, and how things are not always how they seem.  The author keeps you interested in the characters and the outcome is unexpected.
This book was recommended to me and I know so many people reading it now.  Pretty bad. It drove me crazy actually. The characters are intensely annoying. Don't waste your time
There was little in the way of suspense. I did not like any of the characters. The first part of the book was slow.<br/>I would not recommend this book to any mystery reader.
I enjoyed the novel with a climax to the ending.  It was a novel that I felt the need to know how it would end.  It was novel that I couldn't put down until I had finished it.
I started off hating this book.  I did not relate to the characters and hated their behaviors.  Took me a month to read the book because of this.  Ended up being an okay book.
Good book.isn't a real attention grabber but keeps your interest. However be sure to pay attention to the dates on each chapter then are important in following the story line.
I personally thought it was dumb, and don't know what all the hype about it was for.  Maybe I am too old to appreciate it. I wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends. Sorry.
Held my interest the entire book.  The connection of characters was very realistic.  I really enjoyed the ending.  Would recommend for anyone who enjoys a good mystery.<br/>P
A great, fast read. I finished it in a day. It's actually fairly difficult to put the book down when it picks up. The main narrator is cringe worthy but it's a good, fun read.
I'm one of the few who isn't raving about this book ... it was represented to be as good as Gone Girl but its not even close.  On its own, it is a good read, but not FABULOUS.
This book has a slightly slow start.  I actuLly come very close to putting it down around page 60.  ...I am very glad I didn't.  It was well worth the extra effort!  Loved it!
What an intriguing story! Please read it if you have the opportunity. It is a story that is hard to forget. I am not good at writing reviews, but I highly recommend this book.
A bit draggy in the beginning but I kept with it and found it a good read. Had a bit of trouble keeping up with the back and forth of characters but that led to a good ending.
This book is way over hyped and annoying.  I wasn't going to read and I wish I stuck with that.  Blackouts, pathetic characters, terrible people and a predictable twist.  Ugh.
It is hard to recommend a book with a story line that takes too long to develop, with not even one likeable character. Bottom line is it's a depressing, slow moving whodunnit.
I was okay with the story. For some it might be hard to follow the timeline and the characters. If you like stories about alcoholics with personality defects you will love it.
IF YOU LIKED "GONE GIRL" AND "THE GOOD GIRL" YOU ARE GOING TO LOVE THIS BOOK.  VERY WELL WRITTEN, KEEPS YOU WONDERING AND GUESSING.  GOOD PLOT, SUPRISE ENDING.
Great book, well written and an easy read.  it was a real page turner which kept you wondering right up until the end.  I would thoroughly recommend this book, most enjoyable.
I find Alternating persons writing style a bit confusing at times. However, this was a great psychological thriller with a few twists and turns that kept me going for a while.
The first few chapters were mostly foundational, slowly leading into a contrived and convoluted plot.  I didn't care about the characters and found their actions unbelievable.
Kept me turning the pages.  I especially enjoyed the character development.  Well done.  A little on the dark side and not something I typically read but I totally enjoyed it.
Wow! What a great read. I could not put this down; I was constantly trying to foresee who was guilty and what was going to happen next. I really did not want the story to end.
As soon as my book arrived I started reading it and really liked it instantly. It's great for anyone who likes that genre. I never want to stop reading it, a real page turner!
Decent plotline with unusual technique of narratives from various perspectives throughout the story. The ending was not overly predictable and fit the story details presented.
Great book - one you don't want to put down!<br/>Be sure you read the chapter titles and dates carefully or you'll get confused with the characters and sequence of the story!
Very slow in the beginning but once you get to the end you don't want to put it down.  I did however solve it beforehand, but I still enjoyed seeing how everything played out.
The book started slow, and I was a bit confused with the shifting narrators, but once I put it together I couldn't put it down. Great, surprising shifts in the characters too.
Real slow start.  Need to pay close attention to the characters and the dates.  First 1/3 of the novel is pretty repetitive.  Last 1/2 of the book is much better but not great
The characters are very strange, you don't know who is more insane.  Sometimes it goes into too much detail, but all in all, I enjoyed the book, the characters and the ending.
I loved this book and read it quickly. I didn't give 4 stars because the big reveal at the end didn't mesh well with the rest of the book and seemed to come out of left field.
It kept you interested all the way through, with unexpected twists and intrigue.  I thought the first person presentation was great.<br/>Nicely written and enjoyable reading.
This was an intriguing novel that I couldn't put down.  I particularly enjoyed the idea that part of the character development began with observations from the commuter train.
I really enjoyed this book. It was written very well. You thought one thing after reading a chapter and then it changes in the next chapter. That is what I like in a thriller.
Overall I found the story to be quite sad, but somehow I still couldn't put it down.  The story built slowly for me but again I wanted to keep reading.  It's a solid thriller.
Really enjoyed this book! Was a little challenging to keep track of the characters and dates at the beginning, but things eventually clicked and picked up speed until the end.
At the beginning I was bored and the back-and-forth with the dates was a bit confusing especially reading on a Kindle fire … But I hung in there and I'm glad I did . Good book
Been awhile since I read it, but it was a great story.  Except for some foul language that I dont use, it held me attention .  Good mystery that keeps you guessing who did it,
At first I was thinking I was reading Gone Girl all over again. This isn't Gone Girl. It catches you from the get-go and doesn't leave you in peace until the last page. Well done.
Not the best book in the world, but for once, I wasn't completely disappointed after reading this women's magazine recommended book. The book was engaging, and I recommend it.
Started off promisingly;  the topic seemed interesting. However, it was predictable, lacking insight, and not especially good writing.  I am sorry I wasted money on this book.
An okay read, just didn't live up to the high expectations.  The ending came as no surprise.  Really disliked the main character so that didn't help me enjoy the story either.
Enjoyed it for the most part, although it seemed to drag toward the end.  Thought about recommending it for my book club till about the last 1/5 of it then decided against it.
As many twists and turns as the train rides the tracks<br/>Everything you think you know what is going on turns out...no way the author tricks you again and so again....enjoy
As many twists and turns as the train rides the tracks<br/>Everything you think you know what is going on turns out...no way the author tricks you again and so again....enjoy
The story takes many turns you definitely never expect. Great read. I couldn't put it down! With that being said, one also must know I'm not much of a reader so it says a lot!
I had a hard time getting into this book, it is not one to "grab" the reader and keep me interested.  I almost didn't finish it. It is a good story but hard to follow.
Maybe the BEST page turner I have ever read. Although I will probably not read the book again, I will recommend it over and over again as a good, quick read to settle in with.
The main character was sometimes really frustrating and could also be quite brave. At the end of a busy day I the book was hard to put down and that defines a good read for me
This book provided a very interesting perspective as experienced by the main character. It opened my eyes to issues that I have never had to struggle with. I'm glad I read it.
I enjoyed the writing.  While sometimes the characters quirks annoy me, I enjoyed them, made them more believable. All in all, I liked the story and the plot kept me guessing.
A slow start, I almost gave up. Once  I got into the story (about 50 pages) it took off! Spent the whole day reading to the end. A great mystery, great read! Highly recommend.
It was an interesting story...it gets a little "get-to-the-point" in some aspects...but it was a raw, real-life mystery that you could easily imagine being played out.
I liked the Girl on the train very much.<br/> It took me a little while to get into the book before I figured out what was going on.<br/> But in the end it was a great book.
The first 100 pages, anyway. That's all I could manage. A miserable story about miserable people. I read fiction to escape. In this case, I had to escape from this awful book.
I found the story plausible, but the jumping back and forth in time and characters somewhat confusing. Otherwise I can see why it has remained a bestseller. It is a good read.
It was hard to keep track of what character was speaking throughout the book. All in all it was not that exciting until the last chapter. Can't say I would recommend the book.
A totally unique angle that took me by surprise.  To even hint at the genre is a bit of a spoiler. Read this as a story of a ywisted trek into the bottom of a bottle and back.
one of the better stories I have read in awhile. Top of my list for recommended books to my friends. Unexpected ending that made me want to go back and read it all over again.
I love the style of bouncing between different character's point of view from one chapter to the next. Kind of reminded me of Gone Girl in that way.Great and suspenseful read.
A fantastic read.  I could not put it down and just when I thought I knew who "done" it, I was surprised.  Wonderful twists and turns will certainly keep you guessing.
I love when I can't put a book down and look forward to finding out what happens.....I just was enthralled with twists and turns and was completely unprepared for the outcome.
Just as I thought I had figured it out a new twist comes along. Overall the book is well written. I liked the writing style giving the perspective of the different characters.
I found it very hard to keep track of who she was talking about.<br/>Also I didn't  like that she was drunk all the time  which was  very confusing.<br/>Not at all enjoyable
Holy Crap! I was determined to mark this book down by one star because the odd punctuation was making me nuts, but then I got lost in the story. Fantastic right up to the end.
The premise was interesting, but the story was so repetitive that it soon became boring.  The three female characters all sounded the same and I didn't like the bunch of them.
This story Reminded me of Gone Girl. It Had me guessing and completely engaged until the very last page!! Definitely recommend. Good book club choice as well, lots to discuss!
i really enjoyed this book. It was suspenseful and filled with turns I didn't expect. I just wish that ALL of the characters weren't so unlikable. However, I loved the ending!
Loved the story and the characters were very well developed.  I really looked forward to getting back to it whenever I could.  Would and have recommended it to others.  Enjoy!
Wow! This is an interesting story that keeps you guessing ...who did it? I felt bad for Rachael because she is so misunderstood and maybe a bit homely. May she find happiness!
If you're looking for a nice quick read -- this is it. Just enough mystery to keep you coming back for more information. Sure it's a little far fetched but you won't be bored!
The book was a little slow at first and lots of characters to keep straight.  Once you progressed thru the book, it all made sense.  Very good book.  I would highly recommend.
This was one of the books where you hate the characters, but are compelled to finish the novel.  It is well written, but it my opinion has "no redeeming social value".
I like it a lot. The main character, an alcoholic young woman, is the best (as the narrator of what is happening,  you never know if it is real or not what she is telling you)
It kept you turning pages to the very end. The book made me think about the people you know in life and wonder if you ever truly can know anyone. I highly recommend this book.
I read this book in 3 days because it was hard to put down. The characters were compelling and the writing excellent.  I have already recommended this book to several friends.
Waste of time.  Poor read. Jumps round too much.  Trash novel with no redeeming value.  Half way through got readers interest.
The author is a skillful writer, keeping the reader's interest throughout while using three people to tell the story through their thoughts and actions. Rachel, the girl on the train, travels to London and back each day passing the back yard of the house in which she once lived. Now Anna lives there with Rachel's ex-husband and their child. A couple of houses down lives "Jess" and "Jason", that is what Rachel has named them. They seem happy, but one day Rachel sees Jess kissing a stranger and soon after Jess disappears. Rachel, from what she saw from the train, gets involved and goes to the police. They label her an unreliable witness due to her drinking problem. She has lost her job, but wants people to think that she is still working, thus the train travel. She tries to remember her past thoughts and actions as she feels that would reveal the truth.<br/>Many twists and turns bring forth a surprise ending. It is one of the best books I've read this year.
Loved the beginning, but did not like the character development. Felt the best character was Cathy, the roommate, everyone else had nothing going for them. Very dissapointed.
Just when you think you have figured this out, SURPRISE!  The girl on the train has so many connections with the mystery that continue to unravel - it will keep you guessing!
I didn't know what to expect based on the title. Never expected a mystery.  I asked several people about the book and got mixed reviews. I enjoyed it. Empathy for alcoholics.
The first person account of three different women is beautifully done.  It begins with interest in the woman on the train and her observations then pulls into a full mystery,
A good read.  It was hard to put down at some points...but you will love the ending...just a little twist.  I loved the characters.  Very dark emotionally but worth the time.
Worth reading.  I disliked the main character through half of the book.  I found her tedious, I also felt the drama in the second half reminded me of many movies done before.
Interesting story, but usually I don't like novels that keep telling the story from different characters. It's confusing when you only pick up the story once or twice a week.
It took awhile to catch on to the writing technique of author. I found it somewhat disjointed and tedious. I really don't know why this was I big winner on the NY Times list.
Fairly interesting, also predictable and slow moving.  Frankly, I can't understand why it has been a best seller . I would never recommend this book to anyone, even an enemy.
I don't understand all the hype about this book. I did not like it. I found it confusing and depressing. The heroine is not someone I was able to feel any empathy for at all.
Highly recommend this twisting and turning novel.  An easy read with so many different perspectives.  You are sure to enjoy if you like a fast paced read with a twist or two.
Interesting twists in this book. Very interesting characters and one can really empathize with the human conditions some of them experience. A little drawn out in some areas.
It's not often that you come across a book written in first person that's so well done. This book keeps you engaged and excited throughout and the ending is pure vindication.
I really enjoyed this book and it kept me guessing all the way through. The time lines jumped around a bit as each character took turns narrating but it wasn't too confusing.
A lot of fuss about nothing.<br/>I found the book too formulaic.<br/>I was looking forward to reading Paula Hawkins' book<br/>from the buzz it had generated. Don't get it.
Inconsistent unclear narrative from several similar voices. Author, like other current writers chose confusion to tell the tale. Not worth the read and I did finish the book.
I love how Rachel, the unlikely protagonist, realizes how strong she is despite her alcohol dependency and constant berating by those around her. Go Rachel, way to persevere.
Very slow book. Couldn't wait to get through to the ending just to be done with it. I kept waiting for something good to happen, and it never really did. Would not recommend.
This book bored me until the last 1/5 of it. That's when it picked up and became interesting. It was recommended by someone who said it was better than Gone Girl. I disagree.
Reading this book is like eating white toast. Seems like a good idea until your done and realize it wasn't worth the calories!  Girl on The Train is a complete waste of time.
I'd give it a zero..but not a choice. Ugh..tortuous read.i don't get what the hype was all about.<br/>Poor read. Don't buy ot. Borrow it from some poor soul who paid for it.
Clever way to present the experiences of the three main characters. The interaction of everyone was suspenseful and the conclusion unpredictable. Kept my interest to the end.
This book captured my attention from the very beginning.  I loved the way the author made each character come alive, and the story just became more interesting as it went on.
The plot started good.... Continued way to long over the same thoughts and feelings of each of the characters.... The material was good for a 30 page book..... Didnt like it.
A real page turner....characters are anything but one dimensional....and very compelling, even if the "healthiest" is a depressed alcoholic (is that an oxymoron?)....
Well written. Definitely would read more books by this author. Fast-paced page-turner too. Makes you think if all the things you see every day that don't appear as they seem.
This was a well-written whodunnit.  The unreliable narrator adds an interesting aspect as you're never quite sure which of her memories are accurate.  I very much enjoyed it.
Good book! I did not realize that it would be about an alcoholic woman and the many twists it took but it was very well written and kept me interested the entire way through.
Novel theme- love the idea of building a story around our daily experiences but.....??? Way too many buts....? Don't know where the editors role worked?Nearly a great story..
Glad I read this.  Some similarities to Gone Girl initially - gets you wondering about the mental stability (or not) of the lead character.  Quite engaging- hard to put down.
story started slow but became really intriguing when told from viewpoints of 3 different women in plot.  great writing, very believeable characters and some good plot twists.
This is dark and twisted tale that will keep you turning the pages. Would be an excellent beach read, but for full effect read this on the train while enjoying a gin & tonic.
Loved the beginning. Stayed interested throughout.  At the end there was something a bit lacking but overall a good read.  Look forward to the movie.  It'll be a great movie.
This novel is amazing I loved it!!! It has a little of everything....betrayal.....love....sex...obsession...suspense! I am so glad I read it and I will always recommend it!!!
Excellent read.  I plan on reading again soon. I enjoyed the story so much and I read it too fast. I want to read again at a slower pace and understand the characters better.
I liked this book. It was very interesting getting to see everyone's view on what was going on. Although it was a difficult to follow at first. I loved the unexpected ending.
I was hoping for more of a mystery/thriller like "Gone Girl."  This book was ok, although I was able to guess the protagonist, and I there were no big twists/reveals.
Easy to read, hard to put down. Cannot figure out good persons or which are at fault until last few pages. I like her writing style & will be reading more from Paula Hawkins.
This book starts out great, hooks you from the get-go. About half way through I was totally immersed, had to read the last half in one sitting. I love/hate when that happens.
Wonderful story, masterfully woven.  You won't want to put it down.  The characters jump off the page at you and you are definitely "riding the train" all the way to the end.
This was a page turner from beginning to end. The characters were artfully intertwined, making the murderer impossible to figure out until nearing the end of the book. Bravo!
Really liked it. Lots of things going on and it kept my attention. I do regret reading it directly after gone girl since the two are so similar. Overall thought it was great.
Sorry I spent my money on this one.  I hate this style of writing.  I'm not wasting my time on it.  On page 50.  ThatsenoughS
This novel is interesting.  The only similarity I see with gone girl is style. It is narrated, at least 3 characters narrate.
I found this book interesting and a page turner. It definitely kept my attention throughout the read. Although none of the characters were likable, it was still a good read.
This book was easy to read and it wasn't predictable as I thought it might have been.  In the end I didn t like any of the characters but I could appreciate their struggles.
Really enjoyed the present tense narration from the different characters. I also loved the way the story unfolded, one secret at a time. It made the reveal that much better.
It kept me entertained.  Good knowledge of psychological manipulation. It sometimes goes lame and slow. Not what I  had expected. The ending is foreseen from the beginning."
I usually get a pretty good idea about who did the deed, but this one threw me completely off. Great read, and lots of surprises. Highly recommend. Twists and turns abound!!
I thought it was interesting in the way it was written, as told by the characters involved. It was slow and a bit confusing in the beginning, but picked after the third day.
Just when I thought I knew who did it, there was a new twist to the plot.  Kept me interested until the end and hoping all would turn out in favor for the girl on the train.
Great story line, very methodically written...suspenseful throughout!  Perfect diversions....keeps you guessing.  Never suspected the outcome until the very end of the book.
This is a good storyline! Great, precise character development. Expect a twist near the end. The second half of the book picks up speed and you won't be able to put it down!
Another book club choice.  Everyone in the story is flawed - making for an interesting combination of bad guys and bad guys.  You never know who might be doing a good thing.
Sorry guys...I stopped around halfway... This is the most boring book I have read in a couple years, exacerbated by the British idioms that are foreign to me as an American.
Very good book, had me guessing three quarters of the way through . Excellent character development would have liked a little bit more in the ending, what happened to Scott?
The main character is a weak person that ruins her life because some man left her for another woman. She didn't have any respect for herself. Was a depressing read & boring.
I heard so much about this book & it was ok.  The second half got a little more interesting.  Not as good as I hoped it would be.<br/> Characters weren't all that likeable.
If you are a fan of "Gone Girl", this one's for you!  Another good mystery with interesting characters whose lives become tangled in unexpected ways. I couldn't put it down.
Not your typical murder mystery for sure with several twists and turns.  The main character spends too much time in an alcohol haze however.  It becomes a monotonous excuse for stupidity.  Fairly interesting conclusion that was not entirely predictable.
Dull, workaday writing and a pretty obvious story.  I do not understand what the fuss was about.  Gripping? Not really.  Loved Gone Girl, the Girl on the Train, not so much.
Rachel's drinking numbs her depression but soon reality is missing parts and Rachel lets her imagination fill in the blank spots. What does the girl on the train really see?
Great book.  I couldn't put it down.  I read it every morning and finished it in a week.  If you liked Gone Girl  this is a similar type of book.  Fun and thrilling to read.
Very interesting read.  Really didn't know "who had done it" until almost the end.  Enjoyed the book and will probably look for other books written by Paula Hawkins.
I really enjoyed this book. Not sure how to tease you into buying this but if youre reading this then youre already half way there... buy or borrow it and enjoy it yourself.
Had me interested in the characters until the culprit is revealed.  Predictable ending. Figured it out and no insight into how and why this person operates they way they do.
I just didn't enjoy the style in which the book was written--short sentences.  The mystery was good, but I got tired of reading about the main character's drinking problems.
A lot of hype for this book, and it was good, but not great.  It was really well-written, and had you guessing...well, I can't spoil it.  But the potential was not realized.
Good plot throughout. Characters could be developed better if author used a little less shifting from one to the other so often. Does keep you guessing as the plot develops.
This is a story told by a double protagonist and it is thrilling.  There are many twists and turns in this mystery and it keeps one guessing. It is a page turner for sure.😃
I found this book to keep my interest and always wanting to see happens next. There were some things that I found surprising and that kept my interest even more. Great book!
Great mystery! Haven't read one like this in a long time. Lots of twists & turns and unpredictability. Highly recommend it - I read it in 2 days - just couldn't put it down!
This  book is compelling. It's slow to start but just when you start to give us it pulls you in. I enjoyed reading it and would recommend it if you like a book with a twist.
I simply loved it.  Was a nice listen, story moved along and Clare Corbett did a fantastic job on the read.  I was guessing until near the end and the story wrapped up well.
I really enjoyed this book. There were times that I loved and hated the main characters and it kept me guessing most of the way through. I would recommend reading this book.
It took too long to figure out who's who. It's one of those books that should be read in hard copy so you could easily go back and make sure of the dates and who is talking.
Started out strong and trying to figure out "who done it" kept me intrigued. I felt the characters are not fully developed and I found the protagonist very annoying.
A very well written book by a contemporary writer.  Wouldn't put it down and was actually a little dissapointed when it come to the end - just wanted to continue reading it.
Good character development and a book about real people.  I recommend it for readers who like mysteries and who are also fascinated by interesting aspects of human behavior.
By the middle of the book, I was rushing to get it over with.  Didn't care about any of the characters whatsoever.  After reading Gone Girl, this one just felt like a chore.
Enjoyable read.<br/>Good mystery.<br/><br/>Keeps you guessing.<br/>Interesting character development.<br/>The author has great  skill in developing parallel time frames
Brilliant story.  It's one of the best thrillers I have read in a long time.  Gripping storyline and  excellent characters. Gritty writing. I loved it. couldn't put it down.
Disappointing- I was expecting more since it was listed as a top seller book. The characters were not that interesting and it developed slowly. Did not meet my expectations.
This novel is a rather dark, psychological murder mystery along the lines of Gone Girl and Dark Places by Flynn.  If you like those books, you'll like The Girl on the Train.
A very good  read.  At first Rachel annoyed the heck out of me, but then as the "layers" peeled away I found myself rooting for her.  I would absolutely recommend this book.
Fast, entertaining read but not worthy of the hype. Only made it about 1/3 of the way in before knowing "who dunnit" which doesnt make it a very interesting mystery.
It was a little bit of a challenge to get into but once. You're into it you can't put it down. I enjoyed the settings,it was different and I very much enjoyed it. Great read
Could not wait to get to the end just to see who did it and what everyone was raving about - got the first but not second. This is a long drawn out tedious, repetitive tale.
It held my interest and I was eager to find out "who dunnit" but I didn't think the characters were well developed. Toward the end it was hard to keep them straight.
The story is captivating and kept me reading. I was somewhat disappointed by the ending. The male character seemed weakly developed for playing such a major role in the end.
The characters were well defined....their craziness brought them together. If they weren't damaged at the beginning they were at the end. But that's what made it a good book
Interesting concept but I got tired of the main character being so whiny.  I sympathize with the plight of addiction but she just was tiring and depressing.  No hope at all.
Could not put this one down! Totally drawn into these characters lives. Grab a gin & tonic and start reading, just sip it though, because you won't stop until the last page.
I  realize all real people are flawed and thus fictional characters should be as well.  However when all the characters in a book are so unlikable it's a bit tedious for me.
The book reminds me of a Gillian Flynn book, very thrilling. I didn't want to put it down. I loved how the auor tells the story through the different women's point of views.
Interesting conceit with each chapter being the voices of the 3 main female characters.<br/><br/>Good mystery, though I did figure it out 3/4 thru, it still kept me going.
Cerebral thriller.  Much like Gone Girl. Would be 5 stars on enjoyment of reading it. But 5 stars for me is reserved for literary classics, this is a very entertaining read.
This book has been tagged as "the next Gone Girl." I liked it better than Gone Girl. It's a gripping mystery full of twists and turns. The ending is very satisfying.
This is one of them books that, when its over your upset because you don't know if you'll find another one you like as well! This book kept me wanting to read more and more!
This is an excellent wild ride thriller. Best of the year, I think. It will keep you up all night long turning pages. Well plotted and surprising, this is a must read novel.
The story keeps you guessing but in the end I have to say they were all a bit off.  Unfortunately, I've known people exactly like some of the characters.  Pretty good story.
Confusing and boring .
Don't waste your time.
did not enjoy the book
Not worth all the hype
Excellent page turner!
It was very drawn out.
A definite page turner
I enjoyed the book and think  it would be a great movie.  The main character does get on your nerves at times but enjoyed the book and<br/>had a ending that surprises you.
This book was terrible in the sense that once I started reading it I was obsessed. My husband was irritated.  It was somewhat mudane and yet kept me hooked the entire time.
I really enjoyed this book.<br/><br/>Honestly, it probably took me too long to realize the book is told through 3 characters POV but once you realize it...wow  good read.
I found this book to be quite depressing. The story hooks you in but i can't say it was enjoyable getting through to the end. Interesting enough for me to finish it though.
Why did people like this book?? I'm not even sure how I actually made it through. Something kept me reading. Maybe just to see how it all tied together. SO depressing. Ugh.
It was a realistic book.  You can't like all the characters in a book.  I thought it was good because I am of the belief that you can never really know people truly anyway.
The book was good...but after reading "Gone Girl" I don't think this really compared.  I could not put Gone Girl down; but this one I could.  But still a good read.
I thought this book was "OK", not great.  It seemed to drag, and I found the "jumps" confusing.  I just thought it would be better than it turned out to be.
The book was cleverly put together.  The women characters were all so bored with their lives that it was nearly a surprise to have them pull themselves together at the end.
Pay attention to the titles of the chapters. Each chapter is a different character. It can be tricky to follow if you don't. It was a great read. I definitely recommend it.
I read this book because of all the hype. I knew the villain almost immediately. I kept thinking maybe there would be a surprise, a twist. Nope. So, it was just okay for me.
The first book in a long time that I could not put down. Very clever writing from multiple characters' perspectives, like pieces of a puzzle the reader has to put together!
I enjoyed this and thought the ending was cathartic. I would recommend it! I did correctly guess "who done it" before the book ended but it had a satisfying ending.
Great story! I couldn't put it down from the minute I started! I would recommend it highly! I took a two day mini vacation and finished it just as my flight landed at home.
I have an uncanny knack for unravelling plots like this early on and ruining it for myself. That said, I second guessed myself quite a few times! So it gets 4 stars from me
The book captured your attention from the start. The story was blended well between the characters, and how their roles were related. I would definitely recommend the book.
Started off a bit slow but then became very interesting. The story line keep me engaged which then was challenging to stop reading. Shows how well one person knows another.
A better title would be Three Neurotic Women. Or perhaps, A Miserable Group of Jerks.Rather than getting my money back I wish I could get back the time I wasted reading it.
This book puts YOU<br/> on a train. You get off at different stations to gather more information to solve this mystery. The author forces you to go to the end of the line.
Really great book. At times the main character is really difficult to like but you sympathize with what she's going through. If you liked Gone Girl, you'll enjoy this book.
Rather slow start.  Picked up momentum toward the end.  It was not one that I would recommend to anyone to read.  Too many psychological problems with this group of people.
Too many names brought in at the onset.  Kept going back and forth and became hard to follow.<br/>I put it down and started over without success.  Never finished the book.
Reminiscent of Hitchcock endings. Slow at the beginning with the three characters opining on the same event. As the tale evolved I became more enthralled. Loved the ending.
Definitely one of the best mysteries I have read in a while. If you love suspense and murder this is a must read! Each chapter will leave you on your toes and wanting more.
Once you get into it it goes really fast. I finished it in three days. Some people said it was too much like gone girl. I really did not like Gone Girl, but liked this one.
I didnt realize when the book was chosen that it was a murder mystery, but slightly different.sorta Ho hum, but wanted to continue reading to find out "Who dunnit".
A great read of love, lust, truth, and betrayal. Interesting characters and a plot that twists and turns through the complicated relationship of love, marriage, and murder.
Exciting, well-written. At first, though, I would have given the book a PG-13 rating, but the language got progressively more crude until I would have given it an R rating.
It's an odd bookEach chapter wasf rom standpoint of one of the three women, none of whom was likeable.  It was hard to keep track of time.  No one in my book club liked it.
As long as a book keeps me reading from beginning to end, it's a winner. I get bored easily and although it's not the best book I've read, it certainly kept me entertained.
The story is a little hard to follow in the beginning but as you continue the story starts to keep you interested and has a surprise ending that makes this story well done.
This was a well-written,fast-paced novel told from several unreliable viewpoints. While it was confusing at some points, the narrator was confused. I could not put it down!
Some  character development and excitement  but it became tedious and the characters seemed to go nowhere.All in all it maintained some suspense and the end was a surprise.
The twists and turns made me read it right through. I won't share the end but I hadn't thought the killer would be who it turned out to be. Excellent read.<br/><br/>Julie
I chose this rating because it is a story that will keep your interest throughout.It was heartbreaking and entertaining. I will recommend this book to all my reader friends
Keeping the names of the female characters was difficult at first, until I got used to the writers style.  It was an interesting because of the intricacy of the characters.
Well written, suspenseful.  Kind of confusing at first among the characters but I stuck it out because of its best seller status and I am glad I did.  A good entertainment.
Fun page-turner.  Reminiscent of "Gone Girl" as many reviewers have noted.  Insightful portrayal of the nature of alcoholism and the insidiousness of abusive relationships.
Not bad, but a little overrated. The comparisons to Gone Girl are a stretch. This is a whodunnit spent in the minds of neurotics, making it twice as long as it needs to be.
This was such an easy read, but at the same time so very complex. It kept me wanting and needing to get to the end! I love the way the author opens her characters up to us!
good, but figured it out pretty quickly.  It took me a little bit to figure out the narrative perspective, which was weird at first, but then I got used to it and liked it.
The ending was strong, surprising and worth it but there was a slow and steady progression to get there and the tone was definitely dark and somewhat depressing throughout.
Ms. Hawkins has a great understanding of the way mind and heart can deceive us. Also a lesson on the consequences of alcoholism. Fascinating interaction between characters.
Very good ,  the twists  kept you guessing right to the end. Realistic Characters for all their flaws,they were none the less engaging. Gives Gone Girl a run for the money.
I'd give the author's writing a great but for one part that really seemed to drag on.  This is also the reason I gave it four stars.  However, overall this was a good book.
Very interesting characters.  Unpredictable conclusion.  This book has wide appeal.  A great selection for book club discussion.  I look forward to Paula Hawkins next book.
I didn't like Rachel at all (clearly didn't have all the correct information).  As other reviewer's have said<br/>all is not as it would seem.  The twists what a surprise.
A real change of pace for me since I normally read Grisham, Connelly, Baldacci like books. I would try another by this author but I must say its not a "beach book".
I bought this based on one of those if you liked "Gone Girl" recommendations,  but I would have been better off skipping this one. I simply did not enjoy this book.
Very different than most mysteries as the "girl," not the victim, is an alcoholic and it lets you see into the mind of an addicted person.  Very worthwhile reading.
I finished this book in two days!  My life was put on hold because I could not put it down! It quickly sucks you in and leaves you guessing until the end!  BUY THE BOOK!!!!
Loved the multi dimensional characters and plot twist. I loved and hated everyone involved. The author did a great job with their personalities.  Needs to be on the screen!
Found development of characters to be well done but found following the plot a little difficult.at times got bored by Rachel the drunk.the ending does give a nice surprise.
The use of multiple narrators helps this story unfold in a creative, suspenseful manner.  I really hope this is made into a movie one day, it would be a fantastic thriller.
Intrigued the whole book through. Te way the chapters are laid out reminded me of Gone Girl and the other Gillian Flynn books.. Ending was satisfying too. Highly recommend.
Clean story line and just enough characters to keep it suspenseful. I like that the author has chosen three women to tell the story - I liked the change in perspective ....
It was an exciting book to read.  I liked how the author took a chapter each time and spoke from that character.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries.
It was hard for me to put this book down. Found it pulled me in from the start. I didn't want it to end and wanted to know more about what became of Rachel, Scott and Anna.
Decent page turner, but a bit predictable in the end.<br/><br/>Not a likable character in the bunch however.  I did keep me reading but the ending felt a bit unsatisfying
I really liked this book, something I could sink my teeth into. Couldn't put it down. I've never read a Paula Hawkins book but I'd be interested to try her other books now.
It is popular and I was curious. It is interesting as a tour de force in the psychological genre, but I found it diffuse and a bit tedious. I never felt that I cared about any of the characters in the story. The journey I was being led on thus never really captured my imagination. To me, that is a significant failure in plot and character development. Perhaps, it is just not my type.
Story dragged a little and I didn't care for any of the characters. They all were not good people. I kept reading because I wanted to know what happened. It's a quick read.
I enjoyed it but I read it really slowly... that I indicates that it's not the book for me.<br/>Good twist and a good story but I wouldn't recommend it as a brilliant read
This was a pretty good novel, but once you start getting towards the end, you kind of figure out where it is going. No big surprise or anything. Overall a pretty good read.
What a great read! The whole way through the book I was  to figure out who did it. The beginning was hard to get through because the main character was not likeable at all.
I enjoyed this novel and the three main characters for me it was a page turner. It also helped it was on a train. I love the sound of trains at night before going to sleep.
This was a very good murder mystery. The ending was not expected. There were insights into alcoholism and blackouts associated with the excessive use if alcohol. Good read.
From enemies to allies two of the main characters keep you riveted to this book until the very end.  Even though it was slightly predictable, I thought it was a good story.
Ending was satisfying and just surprising enough.  Too confusing throughout, jumping from time to time and narrator to narrator.  Moriarty does much better with this style.
Full of suspense, kept me on the edge of my seat. I haven't read a book in quite a while where I didn't want to put the book down .. This was that type of book! Great read!
What a great book!  It held my interest and had some nice twists and turns.  I kept rooting for Racher to get better and get over Tom.  Enjoyed reading this book very much!
This books kept me wanting more and more. What a twist of events. My mind can't still believe who killed Megan. I thought I had it figured out but no. Totally blew my mind.
I picked it up because it was hailed as the next Gone Girl and it didn't disappoint.  Fresh storyline and I couldn't put it down.  Looking forward to more from this author.
I couldn't stop reading. Truly exceptional novel for a first time author. Great characters, wildly imaginative and suspenseful. Can't wait to see what she conjures up next!
A book I looked forward to reading. It had a terrific pace and an engaging story. I started to dislike every character as the book progressed. They were all really a mess!!
Very clever way to write a novel.  Something everyone can relate to being on a train day after day and also a good murder mystery.  Didnt suspect the killer until the last.
This was a true mystery. There were so many twists & turns. It is very tightly written and became a real page turner. It's wonderful to find an excellent writer. Thank you.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. I've read so many novels that by now it is entirely unheard of for an author to keep me guessing. Ms. Hawkins did that and then some. Big fan!
Once I began to pay attention to the time line of each chapter and realized that the author was not writing in chronological order, the book became more captivating for me.
Hard to stick with at first but couldn't stop reading once it picked up about 3/4 of the way through. A decent comparison to Gone Girl but not nearly as good in my opinion.
Could't put it down.  The story unfolds and keeps you wanting to know more!  Characters are complex and totally believable. Great book! Already recommended to many friends!
I was,attracted by the title and it was a fitting one. The characters were well developed except for the man with red hair.
Not a book I would have selected had I known how dark it was.  Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled, yet I was mesmerized with the intermingling of the women's perspectives.
A light read.......great for vacation.  Easy to put down and pick back up at any point.  Loved the main character with all her humanness.  I had a lot of fun reading this.
A good story, skillfully written using alternating points of view to give the reader an omniscient perspective. Tension builds steadily with a surprising twist at the end.
On my reader I initially lost track of the person being highlighted and consequently lost the story. By the time I realized what was going on, I lost interest in the book.
I understand why this is a #1 best seller but I found the lack of character description a bit frustrating. Outstanding story though, worthy of the international attention.
Good character development and an interesting way to present a murder mystery. Too many details, too much explaining the same thing in a different way. It seemed too long.
This will make a great Hollywood movie -- three women with their faults and strengths pitting their "separate" existences  in a seedy soap opera set in a suburb of London.
If you're a stream of conciousness style of writing, you'll rank this among the best ever written.  The story is haunting and the characters will be etched in your memory.
Didn't live up to the great reviews I read about this book.  The ending was fairly predictable, I figured "who done it" and then became bored.  I was disappointed.
If you like Gillian Flynn's work, you'll like this book by Paula Hawkins. It was less predictable than Sharp Edges and Dark Spaces, but not as big of a twist as Gone Girl.
This was a great premise but the book took me MONTHS to finish.  I had to FORCE myself to finish. Characters did not get interesting until about 75% in. Very small payoff.
It would have been nice to have at least one character that was a decent person that you could pull for. By the end of all the mess and affairs, I did not care who did it.
Loved this book.  The first half is time spent really setting the stage for the second half.  By the second half, I couldn't put it down. Twists until almost the very end.
It started out like it might be a boring book featuring a boring character but I got to like the main character.  The twists and turns in the story were always unexpected.
I have to admit that I guessed wrong on the murderer.  Other than that, it was the only thing that made me finish the book.  Too much hopping around made me lose interest.
Didn't like any of the characters. Thought the "plot twists" were forced. People were saying it's comparable to Gone Girl--it is in no way comparable to Gone Girl.
One of the more better books I have "read" during the commute or around the house doing chores. It doesn't move particularly quicking, but a good book nonetheless.
I liked the book, but didn't like it as much as I thought I would based on the reviews. I am kind of tired of reading books where the main character is drunk all the time.
I've never read a book quite like this one. The closest I can come to it is "Gone Girl". I changed my mind about" who done it" several times. Great ending.
a good story, all told in the first person with a lot of jumping from one person to another to do the narration.  Also jumped around in time, which was confusing at first.
Great read if you liked Gone Girl. Great mystery, wonderful twists and turns. Interesting and compelling read. I was so hooked I stayed up until 6 AM so I could finish it.
The psychological plot engages the reader quickly.The characters are developed gradually but become very real. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a thriller.
I kept getting disgusted with the main character because she couldn't get past her drinking and misery.  But I had to keep reading until the end to see who the killer was.
I loved the book!  I feel so badly that most of the members of my Book won't be here next month when it is my turn to review it.  It would be such a great discussion book!
Fantastic book! Loved the way it ended. It's a bit hard to follow in the beginning so try and keep track of when and who is talking and how they all relate to one another.
The book was predictable, but a good read. I guessed the killer right away. I did not like the jumping entries between characters. It was a bit confusing in the beginning.
The end of this book kept me up reading at night. I just wanted to understand what was happening. Very much enjoyed reading this though, it reminded me a bit of Gone Girl.
The story line was too slow until the end when the story was reaching it's conclusion.  I lost sympathy with the main character as her behavior got boring and unrealistic.
Cleverly written, awesome thriller. Found myself locked in, barely able to pull myself away and stop reading! Best book I've read since girl with the dragon tattoo series.
A good read, but a bit confusing as it jumps forward and backward in time depending on which character is telling the story. Good twists in the story.  Keeps you guessing.
The book started off a little slow to me however after flipping back a few times to get the characters locked into my head it became interesting and enjoyable. Great read!
Was great to have the heroine have her own issues such as her alcohol addiction instead of the usual perfect model. Kept me guessing who done it throughout the whole book.
I chose the rating because it was book I couldn't put down.  I thought the culprit was who he turned out to be, but couldnt guess at who tells good guys and bad guys were.
I think this book is over rated. Found it extremely disappointing. Very slow and just not very interesting. Could hardly force myself to finish it. Very long and drug out.
You will like this book. I hated both because I do not enjoy the diary narrative of either book. makes for very tedious rereading. Did not find the characters sympathetic.
This was a "can't put down" book.  A good study of human personalities with mystery thrown in.  A lot of imperfect characters -- just as we find in the real world.
The way the mysteries evolve keeps you glued to the story for countless hours of exciting entertainment.  The way the train rides are entwined in the story is very clever.
It took a little while to catch onto the authors rhythm of writing.  The characters intertwine and the somewhat simple story line keeps you turning pages and wanting more.
None of the characters are likable and you really don't care what happens to them, The constant<br/>shifting in time and place is bothersome. Surprised it has reached #1.
Did not know that I was reading a best seller, just read a review and thought it sounded good. I could not put down. Great book with an ending that is a complete surprise.
This book was okay. It was very well written but I do not think it deserved the hype. It was predicable and the main character wasn't likable but overall I enjoyed the it.
Keeps you reading. But Somme slow parts. Maybe a little too much time spent on Rachel's drinking problem and not enough resolution for some characters. Good twists though.
Although the twist wasn't a shocker - you were slowly lead to it - this book did keep me guessing. I would definitely recommend this to someone looking for a good mystery.
I liked the aspect of the story not so much the character whom the emphasize was on, but I do love the plot twist in the book it's so subtle you do not even see it coming.
The format of the book aS a great vehicle left for telling the story from many sides.  Not a literary great but deserves especially high marks for its entertainment value.
Excellent read and a real page turn marathon!I truly could not put it down. What an ending, too. I love a good and well thought out story. This was like a "runaway train."
Excitingly disturbing being a commuter myself on a train each day. Makes you wonder how incredibly intertwined our lives can be with those we may have seen, but never met.
I enjoyed it very much. It would make a good movie (maybe there already is one?!) Engaging little murder mystery, easy to read, alcoholic thoughts and behaviors on target.
Miles better than Gone Girl. Leaves you guessing up until the end. An, unlike Gone Girl leaves the reader with a very satisfying conclusion. A page turner and a must read!
The book is organized into chapters each of which recount a series of events from the points of view of three women, Rachel, Anna, and Megan.  Slow moving but interesting.
This book kept my attention from the very beginning. I did get confused at times as to what was current and what was a flashback or memory. But overall I enjoyed the book.
Once I got into the book and didn't have to go back often the story  grabbed me.<br/><br/>I found it difficult to read and still am not sure that it was worth the effort
The last 30 or so pages finally brought it all to a conclusion.  I was pretty much not sure<br/>about what was going to be the outcome.  It kept me reading until the end.
Loved every minute of this page turner, I couldn't put it down and read it in a day and a half. I will say the last 20 pages were a tad bit week, but it was still awesome.
This book although sometimes depressing as you see this poor girl seemingly losing herself to alcohol has an unexpected and more positive ending.  Very much enjoyed this!
Took awhile to get into the book. Kissing the players and dates right took some time. Once I got into the way the book was laid out, it was easier to follow.  Good story.
A well done thriller and who-dun- it read that uses psychological rationale interestingly.  The killer does not turn out to be an obscured character, which is refreshing.
Guess at the mystery early and often, but you won't be right. There aren't lovable characters or grandiose action on the train. But there is a compelling story well-told.
I enjoyed this book. It was well written (editing errors though). I like the first person narration. Everyone was flawed but had redeeming qualities.<br/><br/>Good book
It dragged in the beginning. Kinda of a depressing book. It definitely picked up at the end. Took a long time to get my attention. Liked the ending. Don't give up on it!!
A great book.  I lost sleep trying to get to the conclusion.  The main caracter, though flawed gives us hope that everyone can become a hero when circumstances demand it.
Another depressing book about a pathetic women who has many issues and men who treat women badly.  I liked the twist to the book near the end.  The book was easy to read.
I loved the twists and turns this book had. It kept me guessing until the end. Not only that, it had my attention from the beginning. Great read that I couldn't put down!
Well written soap opera murder mystery featuring some of the most dysfunctional people you would ever want to meet. I was pleased that at least one of them was murdered .
I enjoyed this book. Sometimes you like the characters, sometimes you don't. Sometimes I question Rachel's obsessiveness about her previous life. Still a good pot boiler.
Thought the plot was very good, but felt the ending didn't do justice to the plot. For a debut novel I thought it was very captivating and look forward to her next novel.
The twists and turns kept me questioning who did it the entire time. Not my favorite subject, cheating & murder, but never the less, I found myself unable to put it down.
Haven't read a book I enjoyed this much in years. Truly a spellbinder. Well done and imaginative in its telling. You won't regret a minute spent reading this masterpiece.
I enjoyed the book written from the different perspectives... But that was about it. The plot was meh, the characters were meh ... What else is there to be excited about.
I recommend this fairly quick and easy read to those that loved anything by Gillian Flynn or Stieg Larsson.  Definitely caught and kept my attention from start to finish.
I enjoyed this book....love a good mystery! It's a little depressing, as the main character is pitiful, but still a fast read as you anticipate the "who done it"!
This book was a real page turner! I was hooked pretty much from the beginning and the ending does not disappoint.  This book would make a great beach read for the summer.
Characters are flat. I guessed the outcome too soon. The protaginist is hapless and predictable. I was hoping for a page turner with a punch and was left holding the bag.
I'm usually good at guessing whodunit but missed this one. Main character is flawed and pitiful but you can't help hoping that she will find peace and  happiness somehow.
It's hard to enjoy a book when there's no one to root for.  All the characters in this book are unlikeable, and not in a particularly interesting way.  Story is too long.
This book was pretty good, however it does bounce from character to character and also back and forth in time.  You need to keep with it in order to keep things straight.
Good read but a little hard to follow. Switching from chapters people and dates....before and after.  Midway through I finally got the hang of it and Couldn't out it down
In the beginning, I wasn't sure if I would like the story but something made me stay with it.  In the end, I felt that it was very well done, it was an unexpected finish.
A very novel use if time and events. I found myself going back to the table of contents just to keep up with the timeline. Can't wait for the movie. Should be a good one.
The characters are not likeable but it was a great quick read.<br/>Loved Gone Girl but found it hard to take at time, this was very similar without being quite as harsh.
Such a great idea that wasn't executed as well as it could have been. Still an enjoyable read and I will give her next book a try, just felt it was a little too hyped up.
It's what you would expect from a New York Times Best Seller but better than most.  I am a little bit of a snob preferring really good literature but this is a good read.
I started the book more than 3 times! After I got into it I couldn't put it down!  So  many twists and turns, sub plots and surprises! Great novel! I highly recommend it!
The story starts off slow....very slow.  It takes a few chapters to pick up speed and really keep you interested.  Didn't see the end coming, which was nice for a change.
Books with timelines and different perspectives are difficult for me to follow, so I already didn't like that too much. The story line as okay, just slightly predictable.
Bought and read on the same day.  Excellent book - one of those that several days later you are reading a different book but still thinking of the characters in this one.
A decent book.  Gillian Flynn "influence" is evident.  Still, the story kept my interest.  Part of the end is a bit far fetched, but I don't want to be a spoiler.
A different kind of literary delight that is told w/ such ease by the very gifted author. It has the element of creativity and of intrigue. I highly recommend this novel.
For fans of fiction this novel has it all. Very well written story of love, betrayal and murder. Paula Hawkins kept you on the edge with the suspense, a real page turner.
I found this book really difficult to put down. The main character is not likeable at all in the beginning but she sure grows on you. I really enjoyed it, dark as it was!
It was incredibly boring!!  I tried and tried but after about a third of the way through I had to give it up.  The writing was good, the story line depressing and boring.
One of the best books I have read in the past two months.  Keeps you on your toes and watching your back while reading and reading.  Great read!  Glad I gave it a chance!
Instead I'm hooked on the suspense! Not what I expected having read nothing about the book but that many friends were loving it. I love a best seller and this is, indeed!
It started a little slow and a little too gloomy, but then it picked up and you began to care about the main character and all that was going on both with and around her.
I loved this book.  It was suspenseful, engrossing and just enough scary. It will make a great movie! How often do you find yourself rooting for the out of control drunk!
A page turner but depressing as the main character is a torchered soul.  I've seen this book compared to Gone Girl but there really is no comparison.  GG was much better.
Very interesting book.  Held my attention throughout. I classify it as psychological thriller. Highly recommend it.  I found it somewhat similar to Gone Girl, but better.
I thought it started out a little slow, maybe tedious and repetitive, but after the first half, it got more interesting and I ended up thinking it was a pretty good book!
I enjoyed this book. It pulls you in and it is hard to put it down. Well-developed characters and good plot. Keeps you guessing right until the end. I would recommend it.
Great read! Original, good pace and well written. Worth picking up. Love to see a screenplay. I didn't like 'Gone Girl' so there is no comparison as far as I'm concerned.
Not an easy read , but really good. You've got to pay attention, your on the edge of your seat thigh to entire book. If you like suspense and thrillers this is your book.
It was okay. Difficult to track chronologically. Same with the names. Just an okay read.<br/>We read it for our book club pick. Not one I would recommend to other clubs.
I could not put this book down.  The writing was very easy to read and the story was engrossing and kept me guessing until the last 25 pages or so.  This is a great read.
An exciting read. Sometimes confusing with back and forth narrators but definitely worth sticking with as everything came together. Great twists and surprises throughout.
did not think that the story was entertaining.  Not worth my time spent on reading.  Too much wine!  It appeared to be a formula writing similar to instructional writing.
Confusing at first as to who is who. A little hard to follow. make sure u read each chapter title! That is the key. Then a great mystery about drunken stupor and reality.
Slow starting, like a train, building to full steam. With nothing to stop the momentum, speculation, horror of the unfolding reality, the book was impossible to put down.
I found the back and forth in time interesting. I was intrigued but had difficulty getting emotionally involved with any character and that is important to me in a novel.
I can't believe I had passed over this book before! Great mystery! Nothing is what you expect. Couldn't put it down after I started reading. Rachel's character is superb!
I really enjoyed this book and read it all in one weekend.  It's hard to put down due to its fast pace, suspense, and interesting characters.  Would definitely recommend!
It's definitely NOT Gone Girl, but it *is* an entertaining quick read (okay writing) and it *is* a similar genre (mystery/dark/dysfunctional relationships/damaged woman).
Great suspense novel with a satisfying conclusion. Much less creepy and more believable than gone girl. If you are a Gillian Flynn fan you will definitely love this book.
From the first page I was drawn into this book. A very creative approach to storytelling. The story is told from the characters' point of view. You won't be disappointed.
This book was so unbelievable slow to start. I got bored very quickly. I didn't like the main character, she had virtually no redeeming qualities. I'm returning the book.
I really expected more of this book. After reading 175 pages of the 323 total pages, I wasn't that convinced or WOW'ed by the story. I wanted it to be more psychologically raw and the characters more developed.  I hated how no one shows any empathy for Rachael even though her husband cheated on her, left her, and had a family with another woman nor any  sympathy for the fact that she is an out of control alcoholic. Scott, Tom, and Anna are completely one dimensional in the fact that they only exist to serve the story of either Rachael or Megan, before her death.  The writer basically points to Scott, Megan's husband, as being the murderer the whole time which is so stereotypical,and then having the murderer actually explain his whole reasoning for killing Megan like the ending of a comic book completely ruined anything remotely unique about this plot. I couldn't believe it. I'd imagine this would be interesting for teens but that's about it.
The characters are flat but it is an interesting tale. I think that with more aggressive plot development this story would be amazing but as it is, it's rather sluggish,
Intriguing enough to keep your interest until the end. It was alright. I would recommend it to someone who wanted to start reading murder/mysteries... Like bunny slopes.
I've been listening to the audio books and I have to say that it is fabulous! I actually forward to my morning and afternoon commutes so I can listen to this book on CD.
I loved this book.  The author's use of Rachel's imagination & memory twists kept the story surprising all the way through. The characters are so relatable. Great story.
I could not see how any of the things that happened in this book could be anywhere near what a normal person would do. It was all over the place with no rational outcome
This book was thrilling and suspenseful. I could really feel the emotions the author was conveying. I recommend to anyone who likes mystery books that keep you guessing.
This was very simply written. From the vocabulary, to the characters, to the context of the story.  I would have preferred a more complex plot and characters with depth.
I find British authors to be a bit boring, but this was a good book, not great. I figured out the ending 3/4 through, so I guess it didn't keep you wondering who did it.
This book was a page turner! I thoroughly enjoyed the read.  Highly recommend to lovers of a good mystery.  While reading I kept wishing for rain here in dry California!
The book starts out seeming very unique and clever. However the more you find out about the characters, the less you like them. The mystery ends up being pretty obvious.
Not as good as I would have expected a book to be that has been on the bestseller list for as long as this one has. Could have told the story in half the number of pages
I was drawn in by the narrative of different characters, all living the same plot, but, from different perspectives.<br/>The solution to the crime was a total surprise.
One of the best novels I've read this year. Required concentration to figure out which person's story was being referred to at the time but that's what I loved about it.
I was three-quarters of the way thru the book before I thought it was interesting. The girl spent entirely too much time on the train and the story was very repetitious.
It was a great book!!! I could not stop reading it and the end was crazy and shocking.  I can’t wait to see who is going to play the characters when the movie comes out.
Was told by several people that this book was very good. It was very tough to stick with it but it finally got good about half way through and ended with lots of twists.
Fascinating to watch this story unfold. It certainly had its twists. Rachael was written with awesome credibility and the story March was painful but totally believable.
The novel is well written and enthralling.  For me, it was very dark, too many people with too many "issues".  It was captivating, so couldn't just quit reading.
One of the best books I've read this year and I read a book every two weeks. The characters are complex and well developed. I can see why it was on the best seller list.
It began very slow in a manner that caused me to stop and start several times. After finally returning the final time it did pick up momentum. I did find it predictable.
I was somewhat disappointed with this book.  I was expecting the book to be as intriguing as "Gone Girl"......it wasn't.  Clues to solve the mystery were absent.
It was depressing and also predictable if you have someone in your family with similar problems. sometimes hard to follow or remember if you were away from it for a time
This is a very well written book with a few twists. Only the second novel I've read by Paula Hawkins truly enjoyed it and found myself unable to put it down. Great Read!
This is a well thought-out mystery novel.  The characters are well developed, and  I believe that the author has a bright future if this initial story is any indication.
A mish mash of cliches.  The drunk, the other woman, the vixen, the nice guy who turns out to be a jerk, the other nice guy who turns out to be a jerk, you get the gist.
Good story telling with many twists and turns.  Made me want to keep reading.  Author did good job of getting in the characters heads and describing their inner secrets.
I enjoyed the book.  It wasn't quite as good as "Gone Girl", and I figured this one out before I got to the end, but it was a good read and I would recommend it.
This proved to be a real page Turner.  I especially enjoyed the different narratives.  I highly recommend this novel for its character development equipment and mystery.
Although I liked the book, I can't recommend it to fellow readers. Suggest, but not recommend. It was a painful read, waiting, searching, not knowing where it was going.
Easy to read, definite page turner!  Highly recommend! Lots of twists and turns too. She kept you involved and guessing from the very beginning until the very last page!
The book kept you guessing ,  Nohing was what it seemed.  to be.  The characters were well  developed.  The story was told throught the three main woman's point of view.
This was an engaging read even though I found the dysfunctional relationships disturbing and not my normal reading fare. I was curious to read it because of the reviews.
I really didn't like any of the characters, but I couldn't stop reading. The plot moves along with twists and surprises. I won't spoil the ending, but it was a good one.
At times this book made me depressed. The characters are living awful lives, but at least they make you feel better about your own! Book gets better the longer you read.
When I finished reading,"which at times was difficult to get through" all I could say was :what a group of dysfunctional people"<br/>Not my type of reading.
A poor imitation of "Gone Girl".  Slow build-up to the big reveal and I found the main character to be annoying and unsympathetic despite the damage done to her.
I had a hard time with it, I kept thinking it was bound to get better, so I kept on. I did not like any of the characters...maybe I really should give it two stars only.
One of the best I've read in a long time!  Lots of suspense...an ending you won't guess and an author you will want to continue to read.  Get this book...you'll LOVE it!
I was really looking forward to reading this from how people raved about it.  The ending really let me down.  It was okay, but nothing that I would rave about to others.
Dark and twisty. I loved it! I wish there was more. Her characters were far from one dimensional. It was a very unpredictable ending. I can't wait to read her next book.
OK book. I'll pass on the movie. Somewhat predictable. I had the ending figured out 3/4 of the way through. Decent read, but Gone Girl was much better in a similar vein.
I started this book and literally couldn't put it down until I finished it. It is woven so well through the twisted characters  that you find yourself tangled with them.
Not my cup of teas... The reviwers seem to be be raving about it,and it is certainly selling well, but I wouldn't recomment it to anyone.  Hard to follow the characters.
This book came highly recommended to me so I ordered it and wasn't a bit sorry that I did..so many twists and turns. Was very hard to put down, once I started to read it
I would probably give this 4 1/2 stars.  It is good; and when I had the time to read, I didn't want to put it down.  There are also plot twists that are very unexpected.
Could not put this book down! Well rounded characters, some you hate, some you like, then the twists and turns. Very enjoyable reading and I have to say I was surprised!
I am not fond of the unreliable narrators throughout a whole book.  It is tedious for the reader, like being trapped on a plane with a talkative, self-absorbed seatmate.
I was slow to get started. But a couple chapters in I couldn't put the book down. At some point you just take on each character and can't wait to see where it takes you.
The girl on the train is a good mystery and a quick read. I read it at the beach and it kept me interested despite tbe inviting ocean. Almost as captivating as Gone Girl
Pay attention to the dates at the beginning of each chapter, and weather it is Anna, Rachel, or Megan.  It is a very good read as long as you stay focused on who & when.
I read the first couple hundred pages then skipped to the end, the story was good just way more info on her riding on the train and getting drunk that became repetitive.
I really tried to read this book, I had  borrowed from a neighbor who couldn't get past the first pages and I couldn't either.  I tried to plod through but just gave up.
Couldn't put it down!  Each character was so intense, so compelling!  Highly recommended!  Loved the style of writing.  I will be looking for other books by this author.
Very quick read that keeps you engaged the entire time. Great characters, juicy story and a twist ending. This book keeps you thinking throughout. I highly recommend it!
Good book but no comparison to gone girl. Well written, very detailed about the life of an alcoholic. Read it all in one weekend as I continued to figure out who did it.
Lots of twists and turns. Plenty of potential suspects. I'm usually pretty good at finding the guilty party early on, but this one kept me guessing until almost the end.
The story fell flat and it was too predictable.  I couldn't relate to any of the characters.  The main character I wanted to slap her she really did some  stupid things.
What a predictable and wretched book. The only good writing in it is that Hawkins seems to capture the frustrating life of an addict. Other than that the book is a pass
I made it through the book...had to because I wanted to be sure I had the answer correct...I found it plodding for lack of a better word.  The writing was good however.
Such a great book, I couldn't put it down nor did I ever want to.  I couldn't get enough!  Such a good thriller, I was on the edge of my seat the whole time! MUST READ.
Repetitive writing! The ending was unexpected and made the book worth reading but I found that it was difficult to separate her ranting's from reality. Overall 3 stars.
I could not put this book down! Right up until the end in was guessing what was happening. Reminiscent of Gone Girl, one story told through more than one point of view.
I didn't figure out "who done it" until near the end of the book and I'm very good at solving mysteries.  I liked the authors style of writing and look forward to more.
It a great fiction,but not just another murder mystery.  It makes you think about the lives of people who are not "normal" and about the abnormalities in your own life.
An amazing and thrilling story I highly recommend it! It keeps you on the edge of your seat you can't wait to get to the next chapter to know what going to happen next.
Very suspenseful and hard to put down.  Lots of twists and turns. I love that there are multiple narrators and viewpoints in the story.  Each voice is very distinctive.
I really enjoyed this book. It was very suspenseful and also unpredictable. I would definitely recommend it, and I would be interested in other titles from this author.
Suspenseful and gripping story.  It kept me wanting to read just one more page throughout the entire read.  Twists and turns kept me guessing as to "who done it?" also.
This book was riveting!  I read this in advance of book club because I couldn't wait to see what my friends were talking about.  I eagerly await the author's next book.
This story keeps you enthralled. I would recommend it as a holiday read and I can see why the movie rights have been acquired. Just wondering who will play Rachel???...
It is a true page turner!  I could not put it down!  Would recommend it to everyone that has time to read.  If you don't have time, you need to make time for this book!
I definitely loved this book. I will say that Paula Hawkins delivered a thriller that I couldn't put down! (Literally, I got the book today and finished it in one day!)
The author writes from three separate points of view very effectively.  This story kept my attention & I was rooting for the main character despite her self sabotaging.
Loved this book. There were elements of Hitchcock Rear Window which is a favorite of mine. Very suspenseful with lots of twists and turns.. Great character development.
Takes you completely into the head of a character that you may not really like. But that is the power of great fiction, imagining a different life even for a few hours.
This story grabs you and keeps you drawn in the entire time. The different perspectives of the three women kept me guessing the entire time. It was a great, quick read.
It took me a bit to get on board this train but once I did I had a hard time putting the book down. I liked the characters as flawed as they were and enjoyed the story.
Good read, I like how the story built and alternated between characters points of views. I got hooked into this story and before I knew it I was at the end of the book!
The story was not quite what I was expecting.  I did read the book in a day so it was entertaining<br/>The book arrived quickly and in excellent  condition. Thank you.
I loved it!  I had wanted to read it, and I convinced my new book club to make it our June selection.  I cannot wait to hear all of the comments when we meet this week.
Sigh, this book was entertaining enough to read to the end but I found the protagonist incredibly pathetic even though I have great appreciation for a flawed character.
It took me a tiny bit to get into the story but then stayed up late as I could not put it down! Wonderful story and will keep you wondering until the end! A great book!
I could not put this book down after engaging in the story line. The author made me want to believe in the main character so badly, but also placed doubts. Great story.
Liked the premise, had difficulty with structure of the novel. Would ha e liked better character development. Very well written otherwise, and full of twists and turns.
Hard to put down, great read. Emotional, real, touching, harsh with reality and surprise ending. Definitely recommending to friends. Read the whole book in one sitting.
Many twists and turns...back and forth between characters...past and present....sometimes confusing.....but always suspenseful and keeping you on the edge of your seat!
I like a book that keeps me reading to the point that I can't wait to get back to it.  This was one of those that was fast paced and you wanted to find out how it ends.
Good read for people who have experienced a feeling of betrayal.  I, sadly, could relate to Rachel.  I would get disappointed and then hopeful that she could be strong.
Fascinating book.  Well written especially for a first time author..  The reader is kept guessing from one chapter to the next as to where the story is going? Loved it.
Fast read and very involving.  None of the characters are very appealing yet you get into them and are surprised by them.  I would highly recommend the book to others..
I found it irritating to be stuck chapter after chapter reading about a poor girl who constantly self-medicated and woke up hating herself for not remembering anything.
A dark and twisty page-turner, in the same vein as "Gone, Girl". Not that it's derivative, but if you liked "Gone, Girl", I'd definitely recommend this.
The book was difficult to get into at first but once you do , it is hard to put down. I would recommend this to readers who like a good mystery and can't figure it out.
This quick read is highly entertaining because the protagonist seems unreliable, but then you end up questioning who is telling the truth and who is being manipulative.
Couldn't put this down.  Kept me guessing until the end!  The characters were very interesting and the plot was intricate without being confusing.  Very enjoyable book!
OMG it was great and I couldn't let it down for more than a few hours.  Couldn't stop till it ended and wanted it to keep going.  Loved it and wish it could be a movie.
This book was one that was difficult to put down. The entire time reading it, I was attempting to figure out the "culprit."  A real suspense story!  I loved it.
When a book pulls me the entire way through it gets 5 stars. When I wasn't reading it I was thinking about the characters and what would happen next. Excellent mystery.
Loved this book.  At first it was a challage to get into with the constant switch between characters but once the story was there it was hard to put down.  A must read!
The jeff reference in the beginning was a little confusing but the story was written excellently and kept you reading to find out just who was the killer. Good mystery.
I thought this was a super book. It kept me up late and I couldn't stop reading it. I couldn't wait to solve the mystery. I would recommend this if you liked gone girl.
Fans of Gone Girl won't be disappointed with this one! The characters are likable in spite of their flaws, and the plot twists hold the reader's interest until the end.
I found this book moderately interesting.  It was a quick read but a month later I can hardly recall much about it---unlike some much better books I've read this season
Very hard to put this book down , it tells the story through 3 main characters and brings it all together really well .<br/>If you enjoy a mystery you will love this .
Again, I am not familiar with this author.  I think I have missed out on books I could have been purchasing.  I was out of the Amazon loop.  Shame on me!  I am back now
Excellent book. once you start reading it you can't put it down. really a good story,  I'm not sure if the author has written anymore,, but I will read any of her books
Very disjointed. Too much switching from one character to another. The story itself is good but did not enjoy the writing style. Had to force myself to plow through it.
I enjoyed this book, it's twists and turns, I would've never guessed the ending. During my work day It kept me wondering about the characters lives and where truth was.
Tried to be "gone girl". It wasn't.  This author made the women in this book so pathetically crazy it made me want to scream. Wanted to burn it when I was done.
Nice twist.  A little canned plot. Good beach reading. I felt the female characters were overwrought 1950s stereotypes that seemed outdated in 2015 and hard to believe.
I really liked this, all the way to the end.  I felt the idea of the ending was good but the way it was written was not as strong as the rest of the book. Worth a read.
Really got into the characters and the story. Was almost sad to finish it. The mystery took a long time to tie its self up which made it interesting until the very end.
I rarely read a book that I can't put down, but The Girl on the Train was like that for me.  There were many twist and turns, and a climatic ending that was unexpected.
Excellent story.  Very gripping.  Try as I may, I couldn't put it down.  A very different type of story and plot line...totally engaging.  Don't miss this unique story!
It was difficult to follow in the beginning but it was worth the struggle.  The story was very wel lthought out and the characters were well developed.  A good read....
I liked Gone Girl but this book is great!!  Paula Hawkins is an excellent writer and this kept me I interested to the end.  Highly recommend if you like good thrillers.
Adored this story and how all three characters came together. The prose and pace were delightful. Couldn't put it down and when I did, couldn't wait to pick it back up.
Great book!  The girl in the title seems to have one foot on a banana peel and the other on an oil slick. You won't know until the end if she trips or lands on her bum.
This plot is what happens when you eavesdrop on a conversation and invent a story to go with it. More believable than Gone Girl. A lazy weekend read during cold winter.
If you've read "Gone Girl," you'll see similarities in structure, plot, characters, more. Formulaic, predictable, mediocre. A movie is, no doubt, in its future.
Spell binding. This was a psychological thriller that grabbed me almost immediately. I couldn't put this book down and couldn't read fast enough. Definitely a fun read!
This story rings so true about Rachel and her alcoholism.  The author has written a very engrossing read and I am looking forward to her next story. I love her writing.
I am probably one of the few people who really didn't care for this book.  I found the short chapters and switching back and forth between two story lines distracting.
Started slowly - took a while to get into it. A bit put off by constant descriptions of annibriation.  It became very intriguing and in the end I couldn't put it down.
Predictable but with some twists.  Author paints an unimaginable world where alcohol and emotional despair are crippling, and the angst that each character lives with.
Great read. Not to be missed. You'll have to pay close attention to the chapter headings though in order to keep track of the character the author is speaking through.
This was a really good read. I especially liked the character development. My impression of each character evolved as I read. It had an exciting and unexpected ending.
Really good book slow start but picks up and sweeps you along and into the end -  by that time I could not put it down.<br/>(Much like a train heading to the station)
I didn't love it, and it's pretty dark, but I couldn't put it down.  Does that sound like it was worth it?  Funny, and I can't put my finger exactly on it, but it was.
Unlikeable and shallow characters, tedious drinking, poor to absurd decision making.  It's a fast read but totally ungratifying.  Just a trite and sketchy page turner.
The story idea itself was interesting. But Rachel was kind of annoying. She kept making bad decisions and seemed so self-pitying that one could not feel sorry for her.
An interesting story and a good easy read. Enjoyable summer read with many twists and turns. Would give you a relief from heavier reading and still be worth your time.
I don't know why alternating POV's is so common, but I think it must be an easier way to tell a story.  I don't like it much, but this was an okay book.  I enjoyed it.
I really couldn't put it down. The characters are layered and complex like all humans, so you identify with some aspect of everyone of them. It's a good solid mystery.
I enjoyed the book, but sometimes it frustrated me. Rachel was always being stupid.  You will be constantly trying to figure this one out. I still have some questions.
A page turner but the characters interweave so often without thorough character development  ---eventually settles down to a plausible interrelationship of characters;
I heard so much hype with this book & after reading it I was disappointed. I was so annoyed with the main character! it was an ok read Gone Girl is still def better!!!
the beginning was awesome. but in the middle it was predictable.  Also I wanted to know what the other characters were thinking. like Rachel's roommate and the doctor.
What a good book! You think you know what direction the story is going, but you can't put down the book. It is one of the best psychological-mystery books I have read.
This story was very good, a little slow in the middle, found myself getting angry with the main character, but loved the twist, did not expect until I was near the end
It was a quick read, somewhat predictable but I still enjoyed it. Not a book that takes a lot of mental energy to read:  few characters, few settings, little dialogue.
I found this book a disappointment. The only character that was developed properly Rachael. That just goes to show that advertising will often will win out in the end.
surprises and twists at every turn; insight into self-destructiveness and the human spirit's ability to overcome; fascinating story line development;highly recommended
Definitely a page turner. Reminded me of the dark twists and turns of Gone Girl. This was a suspenseful thriller that kept me staying up late to see what happens next.
Lots of adultery and the writing is not awesome. The main character is the queen of stupid choices over and over in the book. I won't ever think about this book again.
When I started reading this, I was a bit confused with the back and forth.  This book was all over the place, but always kept you wanting to turn the page. Great read!
I have never read a book quite like this one.  After the beginning, I found I could not put the book down.  The writer engages the reader and keeps the momentum going.
The story was a great mystery! Suspenseful and entertaining. Even when I had solved the mystery, I wanted to continue reading. I was sad when I was done with the book.
An interesting book - I was SO annoyed with the main character in the beginning I was ready to cast the book aside - but I stuck with it and then couldn't put it down.
The book started out great but felt like the middle drug on and on, talking about the same stuff.  The end was good.  Overall a good summer read, just not my favorite.
It was an interesting rea but not the best mystery. I consider it a woman's mystery as it is all about 3 women who have psychological problems regarding child bearing.
Difficult at first to figure out the characters.  Once I did I I wished the characters were more developed.  I figured out the end 3/4 through the book - disappointed.
I really enjoyed this dark twisty thriller.  It's a real page-turner and the perfect summer read.  Mystery lovers will easily figure it out but it is still a fun read.
An exceptionally riveting, deeply personal and emotional story with plot twists you can't predict and prose that is simply on fire. I loved everything about this book.
I rarely read a book or watch a movie where I can't predict the ending or at least point a finger at someone. This book was riveting and thrilling until the last word!
A good beach, summertime read.  It held my interest.  I recommend it to my people who read a book for the story, those who like suspence, spy novels.  Well crafted.  B
I really liked this book.  My lunch time book club read it and everyone gave it 5 stars.  Can't wait to see what my nighttime club thinks.  Have to wait until October.
Started slowly but built up to a decent pace. The main character was deeply flawed and hard to root for. The plot made up for that. The ending was a bit anticlimactic.
I don't like this type of genre; had I know what it was like, I wouldn't have read it.  The story made me cringe.  If one likes this type of genre, they might like it.
Interesting mystery. The frazzled train rider travels back and forth. Gradually you learn her difficult story.  Then the mystery unfolds and you're hooked. Who did it?
Writing was ok. Found it difficult to cheer for any of the characters. Figured out the guilty party pretty early on. Not sure why this book is on the best seller list.
Really liked this book.  Held my interest from start to finish even tho' I didn't much like any of the people who made up this tale of human dysfunction.  Recommended.
I wasn't overly fond of the writing style but it was a good thriller.  All of the characters are rather horrible people, but they are well-written and fully developed.
The plot development is taut and focused. The characters are believable and sharply drawn. There is an uncomfortable element of reality to the unfolding of the events.
Although the bouncing back and forth between characters, narrated in the first person, can be daunting, the story is worth sticking with. I enjoyed it thru to the end.
The book was a quick read and just what I was looking for-didn't have to think too much while reading. Kept me interested the whole time. Some interesting plot twists.
I liked the going from woman to woman  I could relate to all three wonen in some ways.  They were believable.  Sort of like an English Knots Landing but more extreme☺️
Full of twists and turns from the inside the heads of all the characters.  I thought it was a great book and one of those 'got to read the next chapter' kind of books.
This book was a great read! The story and characters were very interesting. The plot took several unexpected turns. I'm looking forward to more books by Paula Hawkins!
Don't get me wrong - it was an entertaining read but I guess I expected to say Wow, that was great, by the time I finished the book due to all the hype surrounding it.
The suspense holds you throughout the book.  Most of the characters seemed to lead depressing lives.<br/>It was human nature - often at its' worst or struggling state
Thought I wouldn't enjoy the book. Was told at the office it wasn't,t .y kind of book. I loved it and couldn't,t put it down. I,making my.wife read it now. Just super.
Overall a quick read as Hawkins delivers a good flow of information and suspense, leading you down several paths before finally directing you towards the final climax.
The plot twists keep you guessing right up to the end. Similar to Gone Girl the characters are so flawed it's hard to like any of them but the story keeps you reading.
A great story, skillfully told from the points of view of three women that will keep you turning the pages!  Great plot, beautifully executed.  I couldn't put it down.
I couldn't get through it.  The author took too long developing a direct.  I found the pace very slow and laborious.  Heavy, dull and boring.<br/><br/>Phillip Rohlin
After reading all of the hype, I was disappointed.  I thought the characters were weak and I found that I didn't care about them.  Personally, I wouldn't recommend it.
What seems tantalizing from the rain-smeared window of the train may prove to be something quite different if viewed too closely. A great read that keeps you guessing.
slowed down a bit in the middle and I needed to reread some to reorient myself. It kept my interest and I enjoyed the surprise ending.  Was not what I expected at all.
Essentially a who-done-it, but with an interesting setup and cast of characters. Unpredictable and really worthwhile. Not gut renchingly sad but not a happy ever after
Lots of people to keep track of. Not for reading if your drinking. Could get confusing. Started making sense about one third into the book. Then, couldn,t put it down.
Interesting book wasn't expecting how it turned out. Couldn't wait to get to the end. Confusing at first had to re-read the first couple of chapters to get it straight
No stars actually, hated it.<br/>Book was all over the place, depressing and hard to follow.<br/>Tried to stay with it, but finally gave up.<br/>Yuk, waste of time.
I really enjoyed this book.  It left me guessing until the end, and was fun flipping between different characters perspectives/story lines.  Fast and suspenseful read!
Takes a while to set the story and initially as s confused by the three story lines but th he book builds into a hard to put down suspense novel.<br/>Would recommend.
Excellent book by Paula Hawkins. So many damaged and twisted characters. I could not put this book down!!! If you love Gone Girl I would recommend this in a heartbeat!
Although the main characters were unlikable at times, the story was compelling.  Paula Hawkins style of writing added to the interesting twists and turns in the story.
Very unpredictable. It kept you guessing to the end. We read this for book club and we had a lot to discuss when we were through reading. I highly recommend this book.
I really did enjoy this story and the unique approach. It was very well written, but I will admit that I had it figured out about half way through. Still a great read.
I wish the whole book was as well-written as the first chapter.<br/><br/>The narrative technique got old and felt like it made the story drag on a bit unnecessarily.
Really enjoyed this. If you liked Gone Girl, read this next. I can't wait for her next effort! Twists and turns. Alternating points of view, flashbacks. Very engaging!
Excellent narration of a really good mystery. I couldn't put it down and read it in 2 days.  It kept me guessing until the very end.  Mystery buffs, this is your book!
This was a very absorbing novel.  The characters were very well drawn and relatable.  The ending was a surprise, and I'm not often surprised.  Altogether a great read.
Excellent story!  Suspenseful and chilling. Kept me guessing right up to the last page. No down time, every chapter was tense and I found it hard to put the book down.
Superbly written, wonderful characters- excellent story telling. Simple yet compelling.<br/><br/>Loved it from start to finish.<br/><br/>Would  highly recommend it
Loved the story and disliked pretty much all the characters. Sad group of humans. Excellent depiction of alcoholism and hiw vulnerable an alcoholic can be. Great read.
I was disappointed with this book.  The main characters left a lot to be desired.  Too much drinking that was not realistic in order to justify the plot.
Loved it!  Found it difficult to put down.  I had been looking for a good thriller since I read "Gone Girl", and found it with "The Girl on the Train".
A very good read - characters described in depth as their personalities came off the page.  Real twists and turns with a few good surprises.  I would recommend to all.
Disjointed at parts, would make a suspenseful movie.  Just wasn't believable to me, not that entertaining. Jumping from one character to another adds to the confusion.
Slow to start, but that only made made it a better read when it started speeding its way to crazy town! Drunken chaos and nobody is who you think they are! Great read!
If you enjoy a mind teasing thriller check this book out. Well written and keeps you guessing until the end. Feels like an intimate view of someone going mad at times.
I just couldn't relate to characters. Well written. I prefer procedural mysteries but do read psychological ones also, like Denise Mina. Anxious to read her next book.
Great book. Exceptional writing. A story that keeps your skin crawling. I had no idea what I was about go get myself into when I started reading The Girl on the Train.
Didn't like any of the characters, prose was bland, repetitive and devoid of poetry. Took a while for story to get going, when it did it was pretty predictable.  Yawn.
Good, but not as good as I expected. The ending is a little too disappointing. The main character is cool, I definitely liked her, she was true to herself all the way.
I could not put this book down!  Great story and so well written. A page turner with complex characters.<br/> Ending a little weak but such an enjoyable read overall.
Great read, the sort that pulls you in in such a way that you ignore your children playing because you can't wait until their bedtime to finish the last few chapters.
I wasn't thrilled with the book. It had lots of sub stories going on and I  had trouble keeping up the the dates on the chapters. The story was good but a bit draggy.
All the way through the book, I thought I had it figured out, but surprise. Hard to get into, but eventually gets to be a page turner and picks up speed and intrigue.
Didn't like the unemployed character who was the girl on the train. Didn't like the whole story. I bought this book based on the reviews. What the heck was I missing?
Liked it more than Gone Girl. Can't wait to see if this one gets made into a movie as well. the book is always better but I love to see how they put it on the screen.
I was longing for a great page turner, and this one fit the bill!! Love the way the book was written, a chapter per character. Definitely recommend this twisty novel!
Fast read. Feels like Gone Girl but with a twist. Unsympathetic characters in the beginning but by the end you can empathize.  Twists and turns that keep you guessing
It was a real page turner.  I thoroughly enjoyed the format in which Hawkins used to write the story.  A great lesson of our own misperceptions of others.  Well done!
I gave it three stars because it was just ok.  Started off very slow, I was more than a third of the way into it before anything much happens.  I would not recommend.
Slow and plodding. Initially confusing as it jumps around from character to character. It eventually becomes more engaging. It is just ok. Not compelling or exciting.
There were some exciting twists and turns, but overall the story dragged on and became a bit monotonous.  I began to feel as of I was on the same train over and over.
Very similar to Gone Girl which was disappointing. Middle of the book kind of dragged on, but it picked back up towards the end with a lot of twists and a good ending
Continually interesting - also was told by several friends "that I had to definitely got to read Girl On A Train" and now I have also passed this advise on...
Definitely not the new Gone Girl but compelling enough to finish. It tried a bit too hard to distract the reader from the twist instead of cleverly writing around it.
Fast read. This is a mystery book interesting and fun. It is a bit unexpected even though they give you a few clues during your read so it is not a complete surprise.
Sometimes repetitive, difficult to get into but great story when you do. Suspense, drama and entertainment! I could not put it down by the time I was half way through
It was a good summer read.  Not a lot of thought required on my part as a reader, but a good story with fun twists and turns in the plot.  I enjoyed the book overall.
I read the book in just a week and it was great. Although it was a bit predictable (think Gone Girl), it was still interesting. I would recommend this book to others!
I really wanted to like this book btu I just couldn't get into it. I felt like the story dragged out, and never really went anywhere. Stopped reading halfway through.
Wow, a mad trot through numerous dysfunctional lives that had me spellbound until the reveal.  Why are you still reading my review?  Crack open The Girl on the Train!
Really well written and observations of a stifling marriage gone wrong. I felt all of Rachel's pain and suffering once she understood her life with Tom had been fake.
I enjoyed the book. Could hardly put it down. The format was confusing at the beginning until I got the jest of the characters and the timeline., Truly a best seller.
A twisted, Gone Girl style novel that is definitely a page turner but left me feeling a bit sick, scared of humanity, and wishing I had the last hour of my life back.
The Girl on the Train was a terrific read. It started slowly and built suspense as the story unfolds. While the story is similar to Gone Girl, it held many surprises.
Really enjoyed this page turner, it is a great summer read. The characters all seem to have some depth and relatable flaws wrapped up in a nice little murder mystery!
I loved this book, I finished it in 3 days during a vacation when I was pretty busy but still found time to sneak away and read. A page turner that kept you guessing!
Found it hard to get into and half way through was surprised still had so much to go! It was quit the surprise ending but overall the main characters just annoyed me.
I liked it. It was a good, quick summer read. But I wasn't blown away. I figured out the "twist" early on, though, so maybe the shock was just kind of ruined.
I wasn't sure about reading this book because I don't always like books set in England but this book was great. Well written and a page turner. I highly recommend it.
Confusing for a few chapters. Once I realized there were names at the start of each chapter, then it got really interesting. Couldn't put it down!<br/>Cleverly done.
If it was just back & forth with each woman it would be ok but it also jumps back and forth in the time line too. You have to keep trying to figure out where you are.
Was not impressed with this book and barely made it through to the end. None of the characters were like able. I really don't know why it is on the best sellers list.
Great ending. Little slow at the beginning, but would definitely recommend pushing through. Read the last 300 pages or so in about an hour. Loved it. Would recommend.
I thought this book was too long and drawn out. All the characters needed to check themselves into Betty Ford. However, I did keep changing my mind as to "who dunnit"
Enjoyed the story but really had to hang in there as the timeline kept shifting and the first person kept rotating. No regrets though by the time I got to the climax.
Could not put this book down.  It was like Alfred Hitchcock was the author of this book.  Highly recommend this for anyone interested in a fast paced absorbing story.
This popular mystery is well written and a good psychological thriller. A definite page turner that has many interesting twists and turns without being too formulaic.
I enjoyed how the book lead you down each path into the next chapter of the life of Rachel and the other acquaintances she encountered. It kept me wanting to read on.
Could literally not put this book down. Plot fascinating & characters believable. Wondering until the end "who done it" which is certainly not often the case.
I enjoyed the book very much. It was fasts moving and it twisted wirh many possible closures. I had to wake up by 5:30 am to read it so that I wouldn't  be disturbed.
Paula Hawkins' writing is terrific!  She created 3 distinct voices in this book, and I thoroughly enjoyed the storyline.  Great ending.  Can't wait for her next book.
I figured out the villain at 59% thru book.  I feel making the main character a drunk was a cop out.  Wouldn't have been a mystery if Rachel could remember the night.
After the first few chapters, I understood  who the characters were and it was very good and hard to put down.  Very suspenceful the last few chapters.  I enjoyed it.
It was a fast read and well written but the end was disappointing and the story line was weak in places<br/>Would definitely recommend, but not at the top of my list
Similar style to Gone Girl going back and forth between the characters while trying to figure out what happened. I enjoyed this book and would recommend it to others.
Certainly not a bad book, but just didn't maintain my interest enough to keep me from skimming pages to see what all the fuss was about.  I never really did find out.
​​​​What a great book - I could not put it down.  If you like Gone Girl, this is a book you must read.  The characters and the twists and turns made for a great read.
This book was very intriguing and I didn't want to put it down.  Twists and turns.  The only reason I ordered it was because I saw the author on TV.  Very glad I did.
Just when you think it is one story it becomes another and another.  Great twists and turns and in the end it all makes sense. Well plotted and written. A great read!
Was not till I got near the end that I could see what was happening. Story written from different characters'perspective kept the story humming along.<br/>'Loved it!
Confusing and violent
Not very well written
Predictable chick lit
I just didn't like it
Didn't like it at all
Boring did not finish
Mankind at its worst.
Rainy day summer read
Extremely over rated.
Boring and monotonous
A book for the ladies
Better than Gone Girl
This book was good, but not her best. The Girl on the Train was really hard to get into at first, but after the first couple chapters the storyline got a lot better.
The book was loaned to me and I liked it so much that I bought the ebook for my vacation.  Thanks to the Goodreads members who recommended it.  You know who you are.
Excellent story with plenty of twists told from the nets of view of three different characters.  Each character has flaws exploited for the story.  Hard to put down.
Even though it was well indicated, I had a little trouble switching back and forth between the characters.  I also lost patience with the lead character a few times.
Holds your interest the entire time  I was surprised at the way the plot was different than I thought it was going to be  No wonder it has stayed on the top 10 list!
I really loved the premise of this book. The story and writing are just okay. She gets drunk, can't remember. Bites her lip. She does this a lot. 2 1/2 stars really.
Well paced and interesting.<br/><br/>Not perfect, but rather enjoyable suspense thriller.<br/><br/>Reminded me a bit of Gillian Flynn, though not quite as heavy.
Slow starter but very good mystery once you get into it.  Pay attention to the name at the beginning of each chapter or you will be confused about what is happening.
Heard great things. For me, just didn't like it. Call it personal preference because I can't put my finger on it. Predictable?  Long?  Who knows, just wasn't my fav.
It was lots of fun to read until I figured out "who did it" and then it felt draggy.  In general though, it was enjoyable and a lot like "Gone Girl".
Exceptionally vivid, raw & honest story. A story that explores women & men & the chemistry & crazy that can happen when they choose to go farther than reason allows.
Pretty boring. Not quite the thriller it's presented as. Just my opinion. It did work well to help me fall asleep quickly though. It wasn't awful, just not the best.
Edge of your seat murder mystery. A bit confusing at first but not to far in you figure out who the characters are. Not superlative writing but holds your attention.
Very much like Gone Girl.  Captivating, I couldn't put this book down.  The characters are full of life and emotion.  Lots of twists and turns.  Recommend this book!
While this book was reasonably entertaining, I felt that the plot built too slowly, with the same redundant scenes, feelings and plot points occurring over and over.
It was ok. Would not recommend this book to others, unless you like the slow suspense. This book took a while to reach a climax that was lackluster to say the least.
I enjoyed Reading this novel. The plot was full of twists and turns and I liked the way it drew the main characters together bit by bit. I will likely read it again.
One of the best books I've read in a long time...you NEVER knew what was going to happen next- a skillful plot, and an uncanny ending- give me more of Paula Hawkins!
Good story. Similar style to Gone Girl quick read. The characters aren't all that believable unless everyone is dysfunctional but overall the story is interesting. .
This was a good read.  Couple of times it seemed to drag, but then something would happen and I was hooked again.  It had a ice surprise ending. Which I always like!
Wow!  Stayed up until 2 am to finish the book. Riveting, marvelously engaging with clever plot twists that keep one guessing until the last few pages.  A great read!
Excellent story. I purchased the book for my kindle with the audio. I had a cross country trip to make. Listened to the story for three days. It made the trip a joy!
The book starts slow but picks up in the middle and end.  The story is secondary to the style.  Figured out the story early.  The depiction of alcoholism is spot on.
I don't read many books, but I heard this one was a good one and I couldn't put it down!! Great plot twists and great character development. I didn't want it to end!
A very well crafted story.  You need to read it carefully in order to keep the characters and time line.  While it takes a little extra work, it is worth the effort.
Well developed characters and a fast moving plot make this a great read!  Story develops in the characters' words, and there are many twists and turns along the way.
Entertaining but too long.  The narrative rambled with lots of detail.  Gave it 4 stars as it did keep the reader engrossed.  Nice job of drawing out the characters.
A very perceptual account of three English women and their interaction following on from what one had seen as a passenger on a train. Suspence to the last few pages.
Quite a story. You don't know who is really who and who really did what until the end, which is pretty scary. I was up quite late reading it. I couldn't put it down.
This novel captured my attention, then my curiosity and held me spellbound until the end. A great read and I didn't see how the plot was twisting toward the outcome.
Every character is unlikeable. I felt it dragged in certain parts. Also, the style of writing and the names (including the name changes) made it difficult to follow.
The Girl on the Train has complex characters that are unsympathetic in their portrayal in a classic story line that will keep you guessing until the very end.<br/>Edit: Removed weird autocorrect that messed up grammar and coherence
This book captures crazy! I could not relate to any of the women in this book because they are all insane, but believable. Good twist ending though and well written.
What a story. I could not put it down. Don't want to spoil it for the reader other than to say that it's the best book I have read in a long time. More Paula please!
This thriller is narrated by three main female characters:<br/><br/>Rachel is the main character, an alcoholic jobless woman who is struggling to get her life back on track.<br/><br/>Megan, also unemployed, who lives in a house facing the train track along which Rachel’s train stops every day.<br/><br/>Anna, Rachel’s ex-husband’s second wife, who lives a few doors up from Megan.<br/><br/>Megan goes missing and Rachel spends her time trying to work out what happened to her. The plot involves the men in their lives and Rachel’s attempts to find out the truth about Megan’s fate while perhaps getting her life in order. None of the characters are particularly likeable and all of them lie which makes finding the truth tricky.<br/><br/>I found the book a bit slow and was tempted to abandon it halfway through. However I persisted and found it engaging in the end. Perhaps it is better suited to the female reader.
This held me to the last page.  I couldn't believe it and couldn't  put it down.  If this is what suspense and mystery looks like, what a ride. I enjoyed this book.
Took a little while for me to get into it but the twist was good. Kind of a sad book. All the female characters are a bit...pathetic. Not much of a girl power book.
Amazing, haunting in its web of lives, intertwined in lies and angst.  A thriller to the end.  Well written - a story of love and those that don't know how to love.
I'm neutral towards this book. It was a fast, easy read and was engrossing, but in the end it was just a bit of fluff. Nothing substantial or mind blowing about it.
I couldn't put it down. I enjoyed the switch in voice throughout as well as the time stamps. I didn't find any character compelling but wanted to solve the mystery.
Was not a fan of the characters. A bit boring and not likesble. Twists and turns ar the end. Overall did not like the story and lack of development with characters.
I loved the characters in this story as well as the story line.  I couldn't put it down.  I would be at work wondering what the characters were doing.  Great read!!
This was by far the best page turner I've read since Dark Places. In my mind, I'd pegged a few characters before all the insane twists and turns revealed the truth.
Good, easy beach read.  A good whodunit that kept you interested to the end.  I would recommend this light read to anyone who just wants a nice beach or travel read
Great book. Read it in a week.  Super easy read and it sucks you in.  I kind of wanted to punch the main character several times for being stupid but I got over it.
I really liked this book. I could not tell where it was going from one chapter to the next. I loved the characters then I hated them. Definitely one of my favorite.
Thought it was a very good book definitely kept my interest didn't want to put it down a lot of good twists in this book  would definitely recommend for a good read
Not a happy book, but definitely a page-turner. Got about half way through and couldn't put it down. Main character is flawed, but you want to keep rooting for her.
A tad predictable but generally well-written. Sometimes a little overly romanticized when it came to the writing style- borderline corny- but very enjoyable overall
This really kept me on the edge of my chair. It is a page turner. This was the first book I have read of hers books but I will see what other books she has written.
Lived it. Read it in 3 days. Bit predictable but then again I've for a skill for picking plot twists. Would recommend to anyone. More satisfying end than Gone Girl!
Very suspenseful , a who dun it?  Seemed very long before reaching the conclusion , very wordy,  enjoyed the dialog but could have been shorter.  Surprising ending.
This was a book that I found hard to put down.  Would highly recommend this book.  I was completely engaged in the story from the very beginning until the very end.
This story line lacked some excitement.  The plot was easy to predict, making the book bland.  The main character was likable but at times I lost patience with her.
I gave the book three stars because I didn't find the characters, especially the main character Rachel, very likeable.  I also found the plot somewhat preposterous.
Captivating! At times I found it a bit hard to power through mainly because Rachel was such a drunk disaster. It kept me guessing and entertained! Highly recommend!
I disliked all of the characters and especially the main character. Nothing notable or life changing about this book. It is not a mystery, it is a story about abuse
If you can deal with a book that is all over the place, great. I can't. I don't get all the buzz. It's not really a predictable ending, it's a "crazy" book.
My problem with this novel was that I did not like any of the characters.  I read the book because it was highly recommended but I was glad when I was done with it.
It was pretty good.  It was a bit slow and jumbled in the beginning but an easy read so I persevered on.  It was interesting to read a story in a female<br/>Voice.
Rarely read fiction but was tempted by the public's overwhelming enthusiasm over this book.  Very glad I bought it; so suspenseful that couldn't predict the ending.
What an awesome read. If you liked gone girl, you will love this book. Suspense and thrilling. You will be wondering who did it right up to the near end. Excellent.
Nothing special at all. I genuinely expected it to be better, given the hype, but the plot is woefully underdeveloped and the characters are really far too shallow.
This book was hard to put down. I was enthralled with each chapter. The main character, Rachel is complicated & intriguing. Enough said, the book was well worth it.
The novel was initially hard to follow. But after I understood the different characters, I could not put the book down I may go back over the beginning of the book.
This book came highly recommended.  It took me a while to get into it, but by the halfway point I was hooked and couldn't put it down.  Well worth sticking with it!
This is definitely a rainy afternoon, nothing else to read fluff novel. I heard how great this novel is and people couldn't put them down. I felt like it droned on.
Even though the characters are hard to connect to personally, you can't help but stick to every word to find out what's going to happen to them. A real page turner.
I was looking for a fast-paced book that kept my interest and this did just that. I liked how the story was told from three different points of view.  Great ending!
Interesting novel. Story line ok. Main character psychotic. Probably why I didn't like the book. She needed to get a grip. Sadly more common than I care to believe.
Was definitely a good ending  the characters were quite scary, esp.Tom sad for Megan now at peace and Rachel still afraid but was very brave. She was the heroine in
will never make a school summer reading list, but its a fun simple quick airplane read -- definitely worth a few hours of your time especially if you are on a plane
Very interesting. Kept me involved. The characters were not your usual hero or heroines but had many issues and flaws. One of the Best books I have read in a while.
It was a very slow start.  Most of the action transpires in the last chapters.  Kept reading only because I hoped it would get better.  It did but it took too long.
It was an interesting read, but somewhat predictable. I thought the murderer was obvious by about 1/2 way through. Good, but not No. 1 on the best seller list, IMO.
Very intense book. I felt for the main character, she just couldn't seem to get her life together. There is definitely a twist at the end and you will be surprised.
Excellent book. At first the reader thinks they are joining the life of a lonely woman for a while and then they find they are drawn into a mystery. I recommend it.
A crazy ride that shows "real" people, doing normal life, while underneath, life and people can go "off the tracks"! Fun stuff. Can't wait for more!
First three fourths of book was rather ho-hum...almost put it down.  But, the last fourth was a complete surprise and made the book seem worth my time in finishing.
It was definitely entertaining. After reading the other reviews that compared it to Gone Girl I didn't want to read it. However, I ended up reading and enjoying it.
Not only a good mystery but brilliant grasp on how we lie to ourselves, rationalize and cover the darker side of our human psyche.  Stayed up till 4am to finish it.
Enjoyed the book; suspenseful.....could see it being made into a movie!  I have already recommended to several of my friends.  It's a book that you cannot put down!
Fantastic book. The characters were flawed and desperate- real. It could've been anyone, anywhere, anytime- just a girl on a train and her daily route observations!
I liked this better than Gone Girl. Although both have unreliable narrators I didn't feel tricked.  All the clues were there and get so are the surprised. Well done
Yes the story grabs you but as you read there is no character development.  Just your basic who dunnit that I figured out pretty early on.  Barely rates three stars
No sure about all the hype. Very confusing use of flashbacks, especially if you only read it over a period of time. I hope the movie does it in chronological order.
A very engaging mystery.  You'll never guess "who done it".  I enjoyed this book a lot even though almost all the characters seemed to have mental problems.
Very well written story and thought out. I did not figure out who the killer was until I had read most of the book. Ending was perfect. I would highly recommend it.
This fascinating story of murder and weak miserable characters who stumble through fantasy lives is a chilling page turner with never a dull moment even at the end.
Overall a great read and a page turner I could not put down. As some of the other reviews say, it does become predictable toward the end but still was well written.
Starts like a worrisome chic flick but quickly turns into a complicated murder mystery with some of life's most desperate emotional conditions clouding the culprit.
Fun, fast read.  I'd call it a page turner.  Not high art, but well-written.  Interesting protagonist.  I was nervous about three narrators but it worked just fine.
Great character descriptions and good twist at the end! I'm disappointed when I can pick an ending and Paula did a fabulous job of hiding what could have been seen.
Intriguing story with shades of Gone Girl but not as "sick". Enough plot twists to keep one interested. Main character gets under skin in good and bad ways.
Need twenty words here or the review doesn't count for some reason. A very well-done portrait of many interesting characters a perfectly paced and plotted thriller.
This book was okay! it was all staged in England, but thank goodness it was written in good old american english I am terrible at translating the old world english.
A really good read until the last few chapters when the story started to wander  in search of an ending.  I also thought movie potential as in  "Gone Girl".
Loved this one. It was filled with suspense and mystery. I'll admit the main character was difficult at times to like, but in the end you felt redeemed. Great book!
More than just a suspenseful novel, this book takes a realistic look at addiction and loneliness. It is one of those books that stays with you long after finishing.
Took a little while to become interesting. Eventually it grabbed by attention & held it, but it was a struggle up to that point. Last half the book was really good.
I liked it , but was not thrilled with the actual"writing" of the novel.  It took me<br/>a while to get into the story.  In the end<br/>I really liked it.
Very good. I tended to get lost a bit but caught right back up. The dates were confusing so I looked back several times. Good plot and story line. Hard to put down.
Very well written.  Lots of twists and turns.  Excellent depth of characters.  I couldn't put it down, and better still, I couldn't solve it properly until the end.
Fabulous read. Highly recommended. Suspenseful and thrilling... and a little disturbing.... my favorite type of book. Loved the change of points of view throughout.
This kept me reading.  At first keeping characters apart was confusing, but understood more as story progressed.  Will read again, love stories with lots of twists.
Enjoyed the story - seemed a bit slow at first, but picked up as things went on - good story development; enjoyed the focus back and forth on different characters.
I really enjoyed this book. It was an easy read and the characters were well-developed. However, the ending was not hard to predict. I would recommend to a friend.
Hawkins descriptive feelings pull you in and you feel yourself craving love,drink, and passion all the while experiencing  the loneliness of each character's soul.
This book has an interesting start but you can't help feeling intrigued and wanting to know more. It was hard to resist not reading all in a few days. Great novel!
A fun and exciting novel.  I was looking for something in a similar vein to the books by Gillian Flynn (Gone Girl, Sharp Objects, and Dark Places) and this was it.
I don't read often because I don't have time but I put everything off once I started this book.  I couldn't put it down!  Finished it in 3 days.  It's a must read!
It's a good read, a story from all the characters' perspectives but the plot is predicable, half way the book and if you're smart enough, you will know the killer.
I found it hard to get into the story but thoroughly enjoyed it when I did. Couldn't figure out where it was going or how it would end--so I loved that enticement!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book! The narration style was perfect for the telling of this story. I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed reading Gone Girl.
Read it in one day, simply couldn't put it down. The writing was crisp and the storyline irresistably compelling.  I believe I've just found a new favorite author!
I had to wait 3 months to get the book from the library and was looking forward to reading it.  It was a big let down.  The best part was the last 2 or 3 chapters.
This book is suspenseful and certainly keeps you turning pages.  One of the best books that I have read in a long time.  Do not hesitate to purchase this thriller.
The book was so hard to keep track of.  Took awhile to figure out that all the girl did was drink and ride the train.  Her life was a waste.  Hard to follow story.
awful book.  i despised the main character.  "i know I shouldn't do this....blah blah blah."  And she does.  She's pathetic.  Not one character is likable.
This book was great and suspenseful. I wasn't until close to the ending that the reader was able to figure out who killed Megan. I hope they make a motion picture.
Book started off well but seemed to drag after the first few chapters. Got tired of Rachel and her self-destruction. Would have liked to have seen more positivity.
Too predictable and not nearly as exciting as it is made out to be. Some twists but nothing crazy like Gone Girl. Do not know why it is even compared to Gone Girl.
Almost did not finish this book, as it is a little hard to follow in the beginning. Started over a second time and glad I did. Good suspense and surprising ending!
If you liked Gone Girl you're gonna love this one. It keeps you attempting to guess what's going on until you're not even sure who committed the crime. Great read!
Good writing but it didn't need to be so complicated.  If the reader did not concentrate on the name and date of each chapter, it would be easy to be totally lost.
This was a pretty quick read. I thought the characters were going to be predictable but was very surprised with where they ended up. It definitely got me thinking.
This was a good read.  It catches your interest fairly quickly and doesn't drop it.  Only thing  along<br/>to the end, you can see the end.  I would recommend it.
I really liked this book. It was difficult at first to get into but after a few chapters I was hooked. If you like the suspense of Gone Girl you'll like this book.
I found no hero to "root for" - none of the characters was like-able. Sure it was an unexpected end, but by then I just didn't care very much how it ended.
The book was a great read. One of those books that's hard to put down! Interesting and exciting story to read, I enjoyed the multiple narrations by the characters.
I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys novels that keep you trying to figure out who done it. I found it interesting through out, it always kept you guessing.
I loved how the stories were told by the all the woman who were tangled up with the killer!!! So interesting and didn't see the ending of the story coming at all..
I love books from several different viewpoints. This author wove the stories and the timing so well, it was fascinating to see how it all came together at the end.
Good story that slowly builds. Characters are semi-complex with enough twists to make<br/>it interesting & keep you guessing until the end.<br/>A very good read.
I read this nursing through the night and it was perfectly entertaining for me. I'd recommend this to women, I wouldn't recommend this to my husband for example...
I really enjoyed the book.  One of those books that when you are finished, You wish there were more pages. Great mystery!! I highly recomended it.  Shirlee Roberts
I liked the story but thought it was pretty disturbing the 1st half, then it became intreging and I couldn't stop reading it. The story stays with you for a while.
This is the best book I've read in a very long time. I didn't want it to end and I'm hoping they make it into a movie. It captured my interest from the first page.
This is the best book I've read since Gone Girl and The Secret History. The audio book is top notch. Do yourself a huge favor and read or listen to it immediately.
Outstanding, thrilling, and intriguing! I would recommend this book to anyone who has a lump of time to kill bc it is definitely a book you won't want to put down.
Couldn't stop reading once I started. I finished the book in one day and it was great. For the first time in a long time in was surprised by the ending of a book!!
Didn't care for it couldn't get interested in it.  Could not like any of the characters. Even police were not interesting. Book had good reviews but not from me!!!
A book that grabs your interest from the first chapter.  The characters are believable and the ending is great.  If you liked gone girl you will like this book too
This novel starts off slowly. At first, nothing seemed to fit together. I was unsure of where it was going, OH. BUT.WHEN.I.FIGURED.IT.OUT. I couldn't stop reading.
Took me awhile to get into reading this because it starts out so slow and depressing but the plot is fascinating and demands your attention all the way to the end.
The author kept you on the edge of your seat, always wondering what was going to come next.  You really got to know each person in the story. The twist never stop.
This story was a lot like Gone Girl to me. Twists and turns and anger to pity for different characters. I didn't figure it out until very near the end. Great read!
Nice read,. It took me until about half way through and then I couldn't put it down. Nice on the kindle because the kindle could help you keep track of who is who.
Very suspenseful and reader is kept hanging until the very end. It is sometimes hard to follow the timeline as the dates go back and forth as the story progresses.
Wow!  I thought I had it figured out, but I was so wrong!  LOVE it when that happens!!  Can't wait to read more of her books!  New genre 'chick lit thrillers' ?!?!
Quick read - intrigue but no likable characters... Didn't really connect with anyone. Might serve as a good vacation/plane novel for some, but wasn't great for me.
You will need a lot of antidepressants with this one. How anyone could think this interesting, let alone "impossible to put down" is the true mystery here.
This book was easy to fall into from the start and just continued to pull me in. Had a hard time putting this book down until it was completed. Highly recommended.
I had some trouble following the characters since each one told his/her story in the first person.  Otherwise, the plot was well developed, with a surprise ending.
It was good - oddly written in some places as it was written in areas that obviously were not from the United States so some odd refernces but overall it was good.
Though glowing reports in Review Article gave me heightened expectations, the book did not meet said expectations. Rambling writing style made it a difficult read.
I would definitely recommend the book!  A fast read that twists and turns through the various characters lives and how their interplay affects the stories outcome!
Too much repetition and conversation and not enough action<br/>Author is very descriptive<br/>No mystery involved but good character study<br/>Too much drinking
Well plotted; it kept you guessing.  Rachael was a sympathetic character so this book was better than Gone Girl where the two main characters deserved each other.
I could not put this book down!<br/>However, I found the ending to be a little on the dry side. It left me wanting more.<br/>I still recommend it as a good read
This book is fascinating in many ways.  Unfortunately, I found myself disliking the lead character.  So self centered and annoying.  However, well worth the read.
I read through the whole book because I wanted to know what happened, but the story was dragged out way too much. I kept thinking "Just get to the point!"
Great Read. I totally recommend it. So many twists and turns Rachel takes you on. Just when you're positive you have this figured out you're on to another theory!
Afraid I fell victim to the publisher's hype on this book.  Wish I had read more reviews before buying.  It was o.k., but not compelling.  A little too contrived.
Reminded me of Gone Girl.  Just not my kind of book.  I finished it because I don't allow myself not to finish books.  Sometimes I am sorry that I have this rule.
I do not find any of the characters attractive.  They all are heavily flawed with little redeeming qualities.  While well written I think the story is depressing.
Not a sympathetic character in this book. Everyone self involved and sad. But the mystery at the center of the story was well written and it was hard to put down.
It took a long time for the train( read plot) to get going. It did all come together and the final destination was reached, but not the one I thought it would be.
It was OK, actually only semis interesting until the last 30 pages. That's when you find out the killer. SPOILER: eliminate the obvious 3 and you have the killer!
This is an addictive thriller.  The characters are flawed. So much so, you do not trust anyone in the book. The story will keep you guessing, right until the end.
Great quick read that keeps you guessing and then suddenly the plot falls into place. I know of several people both male and female who enjoyed reading this book.
A bit confusing in the beginning.  Looks to me that this book might be another "Gone Girl" movie.  Held my attention right up to the end.  Excellent read.
This is in the vein of "Gone Girl" but much better. It's as interesting as a character study as it is a thriller and the end is a real shocker. Good read.
enjoyed the twists and turns of the story. I can imagine many people use thier imagination and create a situation on something they see every day. I have done it.
This book is an absolutely amazing page turner. I could not put it down it was so thrilling. I definitely recommend this book for anyone who likes a good mystery.
I was enthralled within the first chapter. Very well written and told. I like the different characters voices throughout the story. The plot was well thought out.
A slowly evolving story with building suspense, and many twists and turns that led to an explosive ending.  All aboard!!! I highly recommend this train ride......
I'm baffled by the good reviews for Hawkin's book. It's no more than an average thriller (I knew who'dunnit before half-way) and the writing's functional at best.
Great pick Diana! Good solid writer, I would read another by Hawkins. Only 4 stars and that is because I could not find one character to like - not even the baby.
Fresh approach. Highly recommended. An author to keep an eye on, fantastic debut for this author. This book could have been a bit shorter without loosing quality.
Well written, fun and dark, great story. It's been a long time since a book has made me want to stay up all night. I can't wait to read more books by this author.
The Girl on the Train is well written.  My daughter and I read it at the same time.  The story kept us guessing until the end. One of those books you hate to end.
Creative, well-written, suspenseful!  I loved it!  Hated for it to end.  You feel like you know and understand the main character, who is the girl on the train!!!
I loved the narratives by the three female characters.  Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down.  The writer made you care about the three flawed women.
Once you learned that each chapter could have a different narrator the story was very intriguing and scary that a person could have that much control over others.
Good page turner and enjoyable light read. Characters were disappointingly drawn and the writing was a bit heavy handed. Enjoyable and annoying read at same time.
Well done.  Characters are developed nicely; they are really quite human and not what you expect, which makes the story more interesting.  I couldn't put it down.
Compelling:  I really did want to find out whodunit.<br/>Complicated: three main characters, all delivered with first person narration, along multiple timelines.
It was hard to put this book down.  I thought it was a great suspense story and the ending was a surprise, one I didn't see coming!  Characters were well written.
Great book! Lots of twists and turns, didn't want to put it down. I absolutely recommend it! Will never watch the train go by again without thinking of this book.
Catches you in a web of intrigue as you get into the book. Hard to read as Rachel struggles with her demons. Clever ending as the corkscrew relates to the bottle.
A fairly well written novel. It was slow to start but the story eventually gained momentum and intrigue. It is a book that will keep you guessing to the very end.
This book took awhile to get interesting.  Took the reader in many different directions before focusing on a story.  Good but certainly not a number 1 best seller
Expected much more from this novel when I heard it was the new "Gone Girl".  The first 50 pages were boring although the ending was clever, but drawn out.
Excellent!  I literally couldn't put it down, finished it in 24 hours.  When I wasn't parenting, cooking, cleaning or sleeping, I was reading!  Highly recommend!!
Just great!  Slowish start builds to a can't-put-it-down finish.  You have to stay alert on this one.  And, work to keep the names straight.  But,  it's worth it!
Well done - once I was hooked, I couldn't put it down.  Incredible detail and depth around the shame of alcoholics and how they manipulate and can be manipulated.
When I started this I wasn't sure I would like the main character or ever be accepting of her. In the end she had the strength and courage I needed to see in her.
It was a decent story with lots of cliches. The hype had me thinking it would be a lot more exciting. If not for the hype, I probably would have given it 4 stars.
kept me up in the late hours to,finish! Paula Hawkins kept you guessing right up till the end. Loved the story being told from different characters point of view.
Couldn't put this one down. You won't be disappointed in this book. Great character development and a fascinating story. So scary - you could feel this happening.
I did read the whole thing; and I was surprised by some of the twists, but the constant angst and drinking and multiple betrayals and craziness seemed gratuitous.
It had an odd , but interesting story line that made me not want to put it down.  I was surprised by the ending.  I have already recommended to two of my friends.
Loved this book, as others said it is a bit slow in the first part, but speeds up and you keep thinking this one did it ,  loved the ending,On par with Gone Girl!
Twists & turns -- a wonderful original story.  Rachel is character who will stay with you long after you finish the story.  A very fast and highly enjoyable read.
I found myself picking this book up anytime I had a free minute.  A page Turner, highly recommend.  Great airport book, or for when you need to pass time quickly.
Page turner.  The storyline kept me guessing and I enjoyed the book. The author did a good job of creating the characters and weaving a tale of love and betrayal.
I couldn't put it down! Paula did a great job in introducing characters that could have been involved with a murder.<br/>She had me guessing right up to the end.
Disturbing and brilliant. I finished it in three days and I just wish there were more. Not often I get this addicted to fiction but this was one heck of a story.
I had to drop everything so I could finish the last half of the book. It was so suspenseful! The characters were really interesting and the ending was very good.
The characters come alive. It's a great book with love, sadness, hope, and mystery. You won't be disappointed and you may hear the sounds of a train as you read.
I read the book in one day. Interesting plot. I gave it four stars because the main character was so frustrating. But it all came out in the end. Very well done.
Rather ho hum. Depressing characters. Nothing uplifting. Sometimes dragged a bit too much. Glad to have finished the book..., finally. Not my idea of a fun read.
Couldn't stop reading.  The start of the book kept you wondering where the story is going to go and then completely unexpected turn towards the end.  Great read.
this book is a good read, couldn't put it down but towards the end it becomes way too predictable. I still recommend it though, I love the way the story evolves.
Nice to have a fresh, new perspective from the seat of a train. Interesting to see how she develops a story out of such a mundane task of commuting to/from work.
I listened to the audio version of this book in my car on a long trip. It was really wonderful and not at all predictable. Very interesting story and characters.
Bought this audio book at Costco. Never did finish it. I got fed up with the alcoholism mentality (kudos to the author for nailing that one!). Not my cup of tea.
I hate books with chapters that jump back and forth between periods of time and/or different characters. This book has both so I have a chance to hate it doubly.
A well written, disturbing thriller. Keeps you hooked until the end. Good character development, a twisty plot, and a satisfying ending. All an all, a good read.
A confusing at first. Then it grips you. There were several different options for the murderer. A different style of story line. I really enjoyed the experience.
Definitely no Gone Girl but I enjoyed it. I wish I hadn't heard others comparing it to Gone Girl. I think I would have enjoyed it more. Still a good escape read.
At first I was confused, until I realized this book's chapters represent 3 different women.  Once I understood this, it was hard to put down!  Great who-done-it!
Addicting, once you start you'll want to finish it. Perfectly flawed characters. Great writing from a relatively new author. Kudos to Paula Hawkins. More please.
Gone Girl gone wrong. Too much trying to make the book cruel, didn't work out. Waste of time and money for me.....
Well written and well thought out in terms of how facts and events are delivered drip by drip.  Some interesting takes on psychology and interpersonal behavior.
I loved this story, as well as the way it was told, flip-flopping between dreams and reality. The writing was also excellent. Great book. I highly recommend it.
interesting concept I really enjoyed the read and it kept me wondering what was going to happen next I didn't suspect the outcome but I really enjoyed the book.
Plot was a good one, but trying to keep up with the changing character stories and mixing up the dates made it hard to keep up with what was happening when.....
It started out a little slow and honestly was a little depressing but then came the twists and it definitely kept me interested.  Not quite Gone Girl but close.
Really enjoyed the first person narrative. The mystery was taut and satisfying. A quick read that I recommend you read before they make a movie and screw it up.
The beginning was a bit confusing but held my interest.  I like the way it was written through several different people's prospective and different time frames.
Quirky... riveting...  I recommend to anyone interested in a thought provoking book. I enjoyed the perspective of life from an alcoholic person's point of view.
I felt that the author really understood what it's like being human. Her characters were so believable. And the intrigue was taut held by the girl on the train.
Had trouble following who was who.  Didn't think it was that good a story.  Not one of the better books I've read this year.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
I'm half way through the book and it's just starting to get interesting. The entire first half is about the main person being Drunk! It get's better from there.
One of the best books I have read in a long time. It was suspenseful and not predictable at all. I did not see a lot of this coming and I wish this was a movie.
Quite enjoyed it. Interesting being told from each characters perspective. It seemed to take a long time to get to the punchline. Not the best I've read lately.
Reminded me of Gone Girl.  Kept the pages turning rapidly.  The author really nails the psychology of the alcoholic black out.  Would definitely recommend this.
Not a bad story but drove me crazy with alternating persons AND alternating dates.  No chronology at all.  Guess my mind is too simple to appreciate this style.
This was an absolutely astounding read! Action packed and full of suspense from page one, I literally could not put it down until I read it cover to cover! A+++
I gave it a 3 star as it did not interest me until the last third of the book. My friends insisted I go on as I could have put it down before then. Not may fav!
An unusual ride-along novel that moves along by observations that flesh out into stories of characters involved that capture your desire to continue to the end.
This is a book you can't put down. Every page has a twist. Every emotion is aroused. It does smack of the kind of suspense in Gone Girl. Worth getting for sure.
Complex and lots of moving pieces ...keeps you guessing and turning pages until the end. Was a thrilling read that leaves you pondering about all the characters
This was a great book, couldn't put it down.  The author left me wanting to know more about Rachel but I enjoyed it and can't find anything else as interesting.
Interesting writing technique.  Sadly the story line was not great and the who dunnit was easy to identify.  Nevertheless I read it to the end and did enjoy it.
this was better than I expected. If you must have characters you like and nice cozy comfortable events, you will not like this book. Excellent twists and turns.
A great book.  As I was reading, I recommended this book to so many of my friends and family; now that I have finished reading the it, I will continue doing so.
This book is a must read for who enjoy mysteries and thrillers that aren't obviously! Like gone girl but better cause it's more subtle and needs more attention.
This book never stopped!  It was a mature look into several lives of the very real characters. The ending was surprising! I hope to see the movie if it is made.
Awesome read! Slow start but gets you hooked eventually...and man, are you hooked! One of those "whodunnit" but with an unlikely and unreliable heroine.
Very intriguing , thought provoking novel. A truly great read. Definitely recommending this book for summer reading or for anyone who takes a scenic train ride.
Reads like it would be a really good lifetime movie.  It was a great book to read while on vacation, but not one that really leaves you thinking after its over.
Gripping, certainly kept me guessing. I like the way each character's perspective was expressed. It kept me up nights reading one more page, ok one more page...
I finished the book out of curiosity.  I really wanted to get into another book. I like to get something of value out of what I read, it just never happened....
The alcoholism and the poor choices made by the main character bothered me in this book.<br/>The story was interesting but not a "can't put down" book.
This book held my interest from the beginning. It is full of surprises. A sad story. A mystery. A story of love, despair addiction and abuse. Very well written.
Recommended by a friend, I devoured the story in just a couple of sittings. You feel yourself being drawn into the character's lives within the first few pages.
A great read. Love the way it was written in each of the characters point of view. Really gives an insight to their feelings and perspective. A real "whodunit"!
It was very interesting but I had to pay attention to the dates on each entry. That was confusing at first. But it had a good storyline to it. It's a good read.
Picked this book up last night and could not put it down. Liked how the story was presented from the three women's points of view. Enjoyed the twists and turns.
I just finished reading this book and enjoyed it very much. I bought this book at Costco the other day after hearing so much about it. Could hardly put it down.
Very dark story.  Thought it would be great, but really didn't like it.....had to read it to find out "who done it", but clearly would not recommend it.
Loved that I didn't see the turns and twists coming in this book.  The main character drove me crazy at times but the story is engrossing and thought-provoking.
One of those books that you can't put down. You get such an emotional connection of the characters, judging and making assumptions and in the end, you're wrong.
I liked this book a lot. It kept me guessing til the end. It was a little hard to follow the chronology on a kindle though, as it is hard to look back at dates.
Easy read with a whodunit mystery. While at times it is difficult to relate to the characters and the ending leaves a little to be desired, I enjoyed the novel.
Very intriguing story with several key players.  Just when you think you've figured it out - WRONG!!!  This story will keep you reading and guessing to the end.
I really hated "The Girl on the Train". I guess that if you like Pychos and Alchoholics and Disturbed people with bad writting.....you will love  it!!!!
A complex psychological thriller with real life characters full of real life faults and dreams. Well written in a manner that keeps you turning page after page.
The author builds a very complex story as the train passes by. With every pass of the train the suspense and mystery unfolds.  Twisted plot with twisted people!
It has been hailed the second coming of "Gone Girl".  I did not see the comparison, but liked this book for its "can't put it down" readability.
This is a very powerful, well written book. I would caution those who have not read it to avoid "spoilers" in some of the "long-winded" reviews.
This was a brilliantly written and unique novel!  I found myself connecting to the three main women and finding wisdom and intrigue in each page.  A great read!
This story takes off quickly, and keeps you guessing until the very end. Began reading before bed, and took the next day off from work just to finish. Fun read!
The Girl on the Train is by far the best thriller I've read! I finished the book in one sitting, it was full of suspense and I couldn't have guessed the ending.
This book will really pull you in from the beginning. The characters very real. And you'll think about this book when you aren't reading it. Highly recommended.
Compellng to the end. No wonder it's a best seller.<br/>Probably, though, a best seller for women. Because all the men in this thriller murder mystery are absolute bastards, and all the women victims of their bastard-ness.<br/>The men lie, have affairs, are violent, heartless, etc.<br/>The women are helpless in the face of all this bad behaviour, until the end when they retaliate with some violence of their own.<br/>All well deserved against the murderer, of course.<br/>The story is cleverly told around what is seen from a slow commuter train in and out of London central, one that stops at a defective signal, enabling a telling observation by the main player.<br/>The only half-decent man in the story is the cop, and he is balanced out by the only woman who is a bastard, his female colleague.<br/>Their role reversal does nothing to even up the gender bend of the main characters.
Here's another example of a movie/book/TV program that gets overwhelmingly great reviews and then I'm left scratching my head wondering what the big deal is.  Don't get me wrong - it's really good.  I reached "can't put it down" status more than once. But, much like Gone Girl, I thought the ending was silly and implausible.  It's really two-thirds of a great book.  And nobody in the book is likeable, except for perhaps Rachel's roommate, Kathy.  Even the baby is obnoxious!  I also thought it was obvious who the killer was fairly early on.  It should be noted that I "read" the Audible version of this book so maybe that contributed to my overall reaction - Rachel's self-pity, Anne's bitchiness, and Megan's self-centeredness are really emphasized in the audio version - it was produced using three different narrators (Rachel, Anne, and Megan) and the actors are phenomenal.
As a huge fan of Gillian Flynn, especially Gone Girl, I had to give this one a try (audiobook). It initially threw me that the narrators are from London, it took me out of the narrative for a bit. But once I got over that, I really enjoyed it. If Gone Girl is a 5, this is a 4.2. A woman who rides a train past a flat makes up scenarios in her head of the lives of the couple, then one day she sees something that throws her, the woman in the flat disappears, and our narrator (Rachel) makes herself part of the mystery by going to the police. It's compounded by the fact that Rachel is a drinker, blacks out, is hung up on her ex and his new wife, for whom he left Rachel, and she may or nay not be tormenting him and his wife and child. Is she reliable? How much of this is in her head? It really kept my attention and made me want to find out what happened next. I can't wait for the movie!
Basically a murder mystery that ended differently than expected there could have been a smoother transition between characters, all in all I enjoyed this book.
at first the book started off slow, at least IMO. About 30 pages in it picked up. Im so glad i didn't stop reading! this book kept me on my toes... great read!
Great book, easy read and difficult to put down. It had me hooked from Page 1. Would compare it to something like Gone Girl in terms of style, pace and twists.
A nice little pageturner - enjoyed the premise and completely related to the entire plot (which may say more about me than the book!). Read it in two sessions.
i really don't get why so many people read this book, and gave it 5 stars. all of the characters  were annoying and the plot was not vey well presented. boing.
Took this book on vacation and nearly forgot to vacation I couldn't put it down! Rachel is a character that you pity, dislike, adore, and root for all at once.
This is the first book I've read in years and it was the most amazing book I've ever read!!! Deffinently would recommend anyone that likes to read to read it !
Was pleasantly surprised how easy it was to read--and enjoyed reading it. I can see why it has been on the Best Seller List for so long.I recommend  it highly.
I was drawn into this story from the first page.  A page Turner for sure<br/> Unable to put it down trying to figure out the plot but unable to until the end.
It takes a lot for me to stay interested in a book and this one got me hooked. A little depressing in the beginning but once it picks up you can't put it down!
I really enjoyed this book! It's a thriller that grabs your attention from the beginning. I found it very hard to put down and finished it in a couple of days.
These randy English are really disgusting but really grab you as the plot progresses.  The psychobabble is a little over the top.  The beginning is a bit slow.
I didn't find any of the characters to be sympathetic or relatable. Thought it would be more of a cliffhanger. Overall it was an OK read for my beach vacation.
The story starts out slowly, but around page 70, it became very addictive.  So have patience with it.  Great ending with most of the loose ends taken cared of.
First you think this is a boring story of a drunk girl but then the book grips you as the mystery untangles.  The transition between characters is well timed..
I had to read this book since it was on the bestseller list for so long.  It's definitely a page turner.  While I enjoyed the book, it was a bit of a let down.
I loved this story. It has been on the best seller list for over a year and I never ordered it as I thought I wouldn't like it. I am so glad I finally read it.
This was an overall good book. It was slow to start but absolutely picked up at about page 100-130 when it became an page turner. Would definitely recommend it
Loved it. Chapters tell one character's perspective at a time and keep the reader engaged in a very personal way, like reading a diary. I couldn't put it down!
Hard to put down, this one had you guessing all the way to the end. Though I think it's more of a women's novel, I found the people, all flawed were very real.
I loved this .... A great old read ... Taut and thrilling ... Extra hard to work out who did what as the central character is a drunk with an unreliable memory
Engaging plot but not great literature.  I couldn't put it down until I finished but didn't really think it was a great write.  Not much character development.
Great read! Purchased this to read on a recent trip on the recommendation of a friend. I had it read by the end of my 4.5 hour flight...I couldn't put it down!
I would compare it to,Gone Girl, but I was repelled by the characters. I figured out  the real killer many chapters before it was revealed. Still a great read.
Loved this book! Lots of twists to the story .  Listened to the audio version on the audible app ( which I love ) .  The reader for the audio version is great.
Didn't guess the ending, liked how the story developed.  I thought some of the characters were pretty pathetic but in the end they<br/>got what they deserved.
I really enjoyed The Girl on the Train. A little slow getting into the plot but then the<br/>pages flew and the writing became more compelling. A page turner.
This is a great read. You get so involved in the characters that you miss a lot of details and warnings right under your nose. Well written.  Loved the ending!
I haven't read a story that kept me on the edge of my seat in a long time.  This book was excellent and its twists and turns leaves you guessing until the end.
I was compelled almost as obsessed as the main character Rachel to finish the story and ascertain the truth. Ended up reading the entire book in one afternoon!
Great book...great storyline. Lots of twists and turns...I thought I knew how it would end...boy was I wrong!!  Very well written, would definitely recommend!!
From the very beginning, this book captures your attention.  I couldn't stop reading it.  I devoured it in less than two days...and only because I had to work!
While is wasn't quite as good as Gone Girl, it was a dark and twisted thriller that captivated me from the first page. Great pool/beach reading for the summer!
A well-constructed story and a real page-turner.  No heroes here, just flawed and sometimes broken people whose lives get tangled together with tragic outcome.
At times it was hard to read about Rachel's struggle with depression & alcoholism.  I really felt her desperation & insanity.  Well written with a great twist!
The book started out slowly. Very dysfunctional characters. Sordid story line but suspenseful. It will probably be, made, into a movie which I won't go to see.
There are a few twists & turns on the book but like Gone Girl it was hard to like any of the characters very much. But it was a good read for a long plane ride
At first it was confusing because the characters weren't developed, but as you keep reading and start understanding who is who, it is great!  Fantastic ending!
This is definitely a thriller, and better than Gone Girl, but similar.  This book won't change your life, but you cannot put it down either.  Great beach read.
It took a while to get into the book and understand the jumping around from one character to another but was pleased with the ending.  A tuffer read than most.
story line was hard for me to follow at times. good ending, got more interesting at the end of book. a little draggy in the beginning. not one of my favorites.
Twists and turns..... psychologically intriguing - a glimpse into a life anyone could live with its unfortunate weaknesses of spirit - a well written journey..
An excellent, fast-paced novel. A very good psychological thriller  as you turn the pages and go through the list of suspects to finally find out who done it .
Slowly dished out the story in an unique style that kept you guessing. Well written. Can't wait for her next novel. Couldn't put this one down. A two day read.
The ending was very well hidden. The storyline continued had know idea until the end who dun it. Will recommend the book to others kept my interest throughout.
I was very into this story from beginning to end. It definitely keeps you on your toes thinking of what will happen next. I wasn't expecting that ending at all
If you want to read about what it is like to be a chronic drunk and a pathetic loser then this book is for you. I can't believe that it was actually published.
Brilliant! Entertainment from first to last page, well written, great characters. The timeline is well thought out, and all details work. Couldn't put it away!
I was really disappointed in so many screwed up people could be in one book.  I read it for my book club and don't understand what all the excitement is about.
A very enjoyable mystery novel, different as it originally shows perspective from train.  If you liked Alfred Hitchcock's Rear Window, you will love this book.
Had no information when I bought this book but so glad I did. If you liked "Gone Girl" here is another marvelous tale that will keep you guessing till the end!
A long way to tell a short story.  Too much repetitious behavior:  cheating, lying, drinking - and murder.  No real honorable complex hero.<br/>It was an easy read and there is a tension about what will happen in the end, to keep you going.  If you want a good read to<br/>pass the time while traveling, this would be it.
I really enjoyed this mystery.  Not what I expected, which was very pleasant!  I would recommend this to anyone that doesn't get hung up on shifting timelines.
A bit to long...kept my interest to a point, however after knowing " who done it" and why, I lost interest. For me, this book was a luke warm thriller.
An interesting twist in every character, fascinating flaws, it left me saying  in my head as I read " please don't do that"-but they did and it was intriguing.
Rachel's drinking, though key to the story, was repugnant. Every character had issues and hero and heroine were absent, though Rachel saved herself in the end.
Twisty! Kept me guessing all the way through. Definitely a page turner. Read this book just about straight through. Suffered from a book hangover the next day!
Very well written clever thriller, but not as exciting or fascinating as preliminary reviews. Enjoyable, none the less and I would recommend it as a good read.
This book was captivating. I was surprised, anxious, and curious throughout. Well-written and interesting. I would have stayed up all night reading if I could.
Started this book on a long day of travel and finished it before I arrived home!! Well-written, good story, interesting twists and a fun quick read!! Loved it!
This was a quick read, no doubt but I found the characters a little flat. They didn't elicit any emotion for me. By the end I just felt numb about all of them.
It was a little hard getting into this novel at first, but gradually the story took hold.  The mystery kept me guessing until the very end.  Very well written.
Perfectly acceptable time waster for a lazy day at the beach! There are few if any likeable characters in this novel but that does not detract from its appeal.
Wow, what a great book....I could not put it down....if you are a people watcher , you will enjoy...I would never have figured out the ending...Great twist....
Wonderful book! Everyone should read it. It's a "who done it" that really keeps you on the edge of your chair. The second half of the book is the best.
This book was chilling, but exciting in the dramatic sense. Edge of your seat trying to figure out 'who-dun-it.' What I like most about it was the creative way
I couldn't put it down.  The author builds the suspense until you think there cannot be a good resolution.  I didn't think I'd like it, but ended up loving it!
Book is a little all over the place. Story is intriguing, but the confusion of the author's voice is reflected in the writing and I found it a bit repetitive.
Needs careful attention as the first person character regularly changes. A complex interaction of personalities emerges from a seemingly normal urban setting.
It was VERY slow moving. It didn't start moving into any real story line until about two thirds through the book.  The end was ok. It was a bit disappointing.
It was difficult keeping up with the characters in the story.  Did she really kill those people or was she imagining things?  You have to read it to find out!
Good book, but I was expecting more. For some reason I found Rachael so annoying which made it hard to read at the beginning but over all, it's worth reading.
Good book. I felt the need to look back in the book to reread some things. That was difficult to do on a Kindle so a paper book would have been better for me.
Did not live up to its hype.  Rather disappointing narrative.  Focus was on the fore females but left out the personal narratives of the two male participants
I was afraid this book was all "hype"... but It is a fabulous story, gripping, couldn't put it down. It deserves all of the accolades it has received.
Not impressed with this at all, ZERO likable characters so if that is important to you take note. Saw the ending coming a mile away. Pretty meh, not terrible.
This is your basic, boring, mystery novel. The characters are flat and predictable, just like the ending. I don't have anything more to say, it's just boring.
Very hard to start with.  But I warmed up to it as the characters started to emerge.  Pretty much had the ending figured out but the journey became enjoyable.
Great development of characters!  Awesome weaving of how characters were connected to each other.  I was always anxious to pick where I had left off reading!!
This book kept me wanting to keep reading to find out what was going to happen. I like how each chapter was a different perspective from different characters.
Good book! Had me guessing till the end!  Super suspenseful and would definitely recommend this book!  Would have liked to seen Scott get some closure though.
It was so depressing, what sad lives. I just kept reading to see who done it.  Feels like I wasted a lot of time to get to the end but it keeps you intrigued.
The book started a little slow as you got to know the main characters. After this point, the story took off, held my interest and then I couldn't put it down.
I loved this book, by far my fave read of the summer. An absolute page turner, couldn't put it down. I love when I read a book and get sad when I've finished.
Disappointed after hearing people rave about this book. Somewhat hard to follow with similarity in characters' names and time sequencing. Interesting premise.
Interesting plot plus a very creating setting should have made this an outstanding " read" but the writing is so bland that it just killed it for me!.
Fast-paced read, switching among different character point of views made it interesting and made you want to empathize with different characters, not just one
Difficult to get into at first because there are quite a few overlapping characters but eventually I found the story to be captivating, twisted, and engaging.
The story is well told.  What seems like the lonely musings of a woman disappointed in love soon develops into a taut mystery with plenty of twists and turns.
The book was interesting and a good read.  I could not put it down for trying to figure out if Tom or Scott had injured Megan e if Rachel was going to be okay
There is not one single character to like in this novel.  They are deceitful but filled with self pity.  Reminded me of Gone Girl which I did not like either.
Fast paced.  Well written crime drama.  It was a different type of crime drama.  By the middle it became nearly impossible to stop reading.  The suspense kept growing.<br/>My first experience with this author.  I intend to consider her future efforts.
O.m.g. This was an amazing read!!!!! I could not put it down.  I really enjoyed the way the author wrote through the eyes of the different women in the story.
I loved this book.Sometimes I wanted to speak to the main character and sometimes I wanted to help her.  I so wanted her to end up in a good place in her life
Pretty predictable but definitely fast paced. No classic literature here but nicely paced and interesting. Who-dun-it of the summer! Recommended but not loved
Liked the twists and turns but didn’t really care for the characters. It was a nice change of pace from other books I’ve been reading and I really enjoyed it.
Loved this book!  Very well written and keeps you engaged.  The first 50 pages may be a little slow to draw you in, but after that you can hardly put it down!
super confusing to follow the 3 female character storylines as the dates are constantly changing... but i hung on and got the surprise twist i was hoping for.
I loved this book so much! Books can be hard for me to get into for many reasons at times but this one got me right away and kept me glued until the very end!
Definitely a good read ! Suspenseful and I love the twists! The British writing threw me off a little because I wasn't familiar with the lingo, but I managed.
A great read, dark and has a few twist but right on tap with the trends for adult thrillers/suspense. The characters were all likable in the an unlikable way.
Loved it. I could see the places in my mind's eye due to the author's vivd descriptions. Being from Maine,I particularly enjoyed seeing Bar Harbor in my mind.
I really enjoyed the book. I liked how it would narrate a different character in each chapter.  I did not see the ending happen so I really enjoyed the story.
You will find yourself just reading one more chapter, and then another because you don't know where it is leading.  Very quickly you are at a startling ending.
Fascinating and exciting to the point that I couldn't put the book down.  Had to periodically look back  to check which character chapter I was reading about.
The broken, flawed women who tell this story are incredibly believable, even in the way they view their reality as different than truth. Couldn't put it down.
Not a great, but a pretty decent page-turner.  Is it possible to be a stalker from a seat on a train? If that question intrigues, you might was to try it out.
Loved it! It's quick pace definitely kept my interest. I agree with the link to Gillian Flynn's novels; if you enjoy those, you'll like The Girl on The Train.
I really enjoyed the twist and turns in this mystery. It was hard to figure out who the different characters were and the timeline. It had a very good ending.
This book never lets the reader know "who dunnit". You are led to some suspicions (wrong) but not until the end can you understand what's happened. Delicious.
Quick read. Took me a page or two before I got that "ah-ha" moment, but it quickly fell into place. I like her style, and the characters are believed.
The book never really grabbed me.  I finished the book, but I was never very interested in the story line.  I had the same feeling about "Gone Girl"..
This book was a decent read, had some interesting twists. I did get tired of the main character's alcohol problem- I just wanted to slap her up side the head.
A bit hard to get in to at first but then I was hooked. Finished it in two days. Once I was hooked I couldn't put it down. It was just what everyone promised.
First book I've read in a long time. Very enjoyable. The story keeps a nice pace, and the author keeps you interested and develops each character really well.
Couldn't put it down. Once I got to the halfway point I just kept going. Great writing. Love the different voices pulling the story together little by little.
I found this book to have well developed characters, an interesting setting along with a good plot...lots of twists and turns in this story of self deception.
Intriguing story with good character study.  I would have liked more English reference as it sounded like an American interpretation of the British lifestyle.
I had a difficult time putting this book down!  The characters are full of secrets and surprises, and some parts were predictable, I really enjoyed this book.
A book that demanded my total attention and a book I could not put down. It kept me wondering who was the killer and when I reached the end it was so obvious.
This book was interesting enough to keep reading, although it certainly wasn't life altering. Reads like a Lifetime movie, with a rather anticlimactic ending.
I liked the way each character had their own unique personality, and set of problems. However, I'm of the older generation and couldn't really relate to them.
Good beach book...some questions not answered ie what about the clothing along the tracks?... Does not compare to "Gone Girl" as some reviewers think it does.
The story kept me interested. Throughout my days I looked forward to getting back into the book. Reading for pleasure doesn't get any better than this for me!
Thoroughly enjoyed The Girl on the Train.  It is a good mix between Rear Window and Gone Girl.  It was a quick and entertaining read -- difficult to put down.
It made the book even more interesting as I can recall many days passing by the homes traveling into NYC thinking...what is really going on beyond the tracks.
The story was written well and told from the perspective of the main female characters.  I liked that format because I don't think that I have read it before.
I thought the writing was great. I liked the way it went from woman to woman, the dates and each woman's name. It moved well and had me interested to the end.
The protagonist (if you can cal be that) was pretty aggravating...the plot twist not so shocking. Interesting commentary on the lives of three different women
The character development by way of individual personal statements was very effective. The conclusion was logical if not unexpected.. A. great 2-3 night read.
I enjoyed this read and it really did hold my attention until the end.  I did find it a bit depressing and a bit eerie in the end.  Overall a good quick read.
Couldn't put this book down! Plenty of red herrings mixed in with plenty of hints, and even though I figured it out, the ending was still a complete surprise.
Intriguing story line, interesting twists - as hard as it was to sit with, I liked the neurotic normalcy. We're all frail in different ways. I'd recommend it.
Good character development.  Very easy read.  Kept me guessing.  Told from several different perspectives which added to my involvement with the characters. M
Great book, I highly recommend.  I had heard it compared to Gone Girl, but it is actually so much better!! Can't wait to see if a movie comes out of this one.
This is not a work of great fiction, but it was very suspenseful and interesting.  I did not like any of the characters, they were all terribly flawed humans.
I loved reading The Girl On The Train. It has an interesting plot and a captivating writing. A great mystery with many twists and turns that are not expected.
Loved the book and the fact that the story was told from different viewpoints although the bouncing back and forth in time made the story confusing at times.
It takes you up and down , full of surprises although you might deduce some parts, it stills met my expectations. Easy flow, fast reading , captivating book.
I found the story line and writing average. Not sure what the fuss is about. I'm an English teacher, etc, by training. Love reading. Read it for a book club.
Was a bit confusing the first few chapters. Can see now the author was setting up the story line and introducing the characters. Really enjoyed it otherwise.
The best mystery I read in a while. The author did an outstanding job of keeping the reader transfixed one the story and making you gasp with a great ending.
I like the way the author intersperses the dates between the protagonists. However the book is quite self indulging. Was expecting much more and much better.
Good overall storyline but VERY hard to follow. Kept jumping back and forth in time and between characters making it very confusing. Not a fan of the format.
Truly enjoyed reading this. Reading the story from each different characters stand point adds a great deal. Would recommend it to anyone who likes a mystery.
I enjoyed this book, with its twists and turns. The characters were interesting and the plot was well thought out. I may never have a drink of alcohol again.
Excellant book, interesting writing style.  A little hard to follow in the begining but became easier as the book progressed.  Totally blown away in the end.
A little slow at the start and somewhat confusing, but worth the read.  I could not ut it down once I was hooked!  Will look for other books by thisw author.
Poor self-esteem, jealousy, murder, adultery, redemption, and eventually self forgiveness, pretty good thriller-type read.  Would recommend  3 out of 5 stars
I enjoyed The Girl on the Train alot. Good writing, kept me interested.  There were times I was confused so I had to go back over. Overall I liked this book.
Great suspense mystery.  I had to keep reading to find out what happened.  It speaks to those who have problems with addiction and spousal abuse.  Good read.
First person narrative from the viewpoint of three different women. Moves very quickly and keeps you turning the pages way past your bedtime! Excellent read.
Quick read for those who enjoy suspenseful books. Although there were some twists, I found it to be a little predictable, but I enjoyed the book nonetheless.
This is really a page turner! At times too much of a psychological probe into the characters and difficult keeping up with time line but overall a good read.
If you like mysteries like Gone Girl. Then this is a book you'll enjoy. It's mysterious and intriguing. The characters are ones that anyone could relate too.
Really enjoyed the intrigue  and the storytelling style of this book. Read it for my book group and found it very enjoyable. Finished in just a few sittings.
Good read.  Must pay close attention to the 1st person narration of several alternating persons.  I liked that way that women finally dealt with the problem.
Took me about three back and forth "narrations" or diary entries before I begin to put a few things together.  Could not wait for all to be revealed.
This is a good light read.  It has gotten more hype than it deserves.  Nevertheless, it is a good read.  Both my husband & I enjoyed it.  A great summer read
Even though I had a little bit of a hard time following it in the beginning, I'm glad I stuck with it!!!  GREAT read!  Hope it turns into a movie, soon!!!!!!
From beginning to end, this novel had my interest.  No wonder it has been on the best seller list for so long.<br/>Characters had great depth and were real.
I read this based off of on line reviews and I'm glad I did.  Kept me guessing and couldn't wait to get back to it.  If u liked gone girl you will like this.
This book will keep you guessing right up to the end!  A lot of twist and turns and you need to pay attention to the details to figure it out before the end.
so slow moving it will put you to sleep ... the trailer to this book was really the most exciting part of the whole story ... have given up trying to read it
The author weaves the characters together to create a fascinating intertwining of their lives. The story kept me turning pages to find out what happens next.
This book was great, initially a little slow for me, but it soon got to the point where I couldn't wait to turn the next page and see what would happen next!
Very personal and intimate look into 3 different women 's stories. Oh what fools we can be. Love is blind they say, but also deaf and dumb (the stupid kind).
Great suspenseful story told from the point of view of several female narrators.The descriptions were very vivid making this a book I would highly recommend.
Kept my interest but had some difficulty investing in the main character. She seemed unrealistic to me, but the story overall was good<br/>and well-written.
I enjoyed the plot of this book. I liked the different points of view. What I did not like was how quick the ending was with the interaction with the killer.
Beyond suspenseful. Fiction mixed with realism makes for unexpected turns and ending. The mundane into extraordinary; the voice of the protagonist well done!
I found this book very interesting and held my interest enough to want to keep reading it.  The ending left me with hope for the "girl on the train".
Gripping psychological thriller focused on domestic violence in all its forms intertwined with addictions and obsessions. All the ingredients for a good read
Very good story. A fast read that kept me guessing to the very end. Better than "Gone Girl" which I don't know why it's being compared, so different.
Poorly written and too drawn out. Each spoke in the same voice.  I kept at it hoping it would improve. Last few pages were best but a long read to get there.
Definitely a page turner! It kept me guessing the whole time. It's so well-written, with such incredibly complex characters. I highly recommend it to anyone!
Loved it! The Girl of the Train!<br/><br/>Completely compelled to keep turning the pages!<br/><br/>Highly recommended! Download it today! You'll love it!
I am, usually, not that negative about a  book I have read, but I could not find anything about THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN that might make the book recommendable.
I thought the end a little too contrived but the mystery is still a good one.  The author really does a great job getting inside the minds of the characters.
An engaging, suspenseful read for those who liked Gone Girl. Set in and around London. Look out, though: if you like to drink, it might make you think twice!
The story held my interest all the way through but I guess I was expecting a better end.  Something with more of a twist.  I gave it 3 stars for that reason.
Took a few chapters in to get hooked. The main character is irritating but the story has enough plot twists to keep you reading. Beach book and a quick read.
While the story line wasn't too bad - nothing very original, but okay, I found the characters so unlikeable that it was a little hard to read the whole book.
This is so good keeps u guessing. Never know what is going to happen.  Definitely a page turner.  My kind of writer.  I love the suspense and very realistic.
Not an easy book to read.  I have already purchased another one of her books but have not read it yet.  I want to check her style and see if I will buy more.
Starts off slow but the more you read it makes you wonder what is going to happen. This book keeps you on edge the whole time. I highly recommend reading it.
The narrative was interesting and held my attention but the book was not as well written as I had thought might be.<br/>It is a good "Beach" read🌴.
I am a little sad this book was so predictable. The reviews compared it to Gone Girl however I was not even close to on the edge of my seat during this book.
A well written and thought out book. Enjoyed the suspense, lots of twists and turns.<br/>I like that the main character was vulnerable not your heroic type.
Wonderful, suspenseful story. However, I personally found the ending chapters to suffer by deviating from the tone and style throughout the rest of the book.
Absolutely the best book I have read in the past few months.  Now I can't wait to see if they make a movie.  Reminded me of Gone Girl but totally different..
If you don't pay attention to the chapter dates, it's very difficult to follow. A lot of regressive behavior to make sense oh each chapter. But entertaining.
A good read. Plenty of dysfunctional people! This book held my attention and kept me interested in continuing to read. Twists of plot made it a good mystery.
A Great Trip!<br/>Loved the journey and wanted more…even though I read through the night, couldn't put it down!  I'm passing this book on to favored friends
Page turner,  riveting and most definitely the best book I've read all year long!  I don't know who your Paula Hawkins,  but I could not put this book down!!
Began readig this one Saturdsy mkrning and literally could not put it down until i finishdd it. Thrilling, exciting and the characters were well constructed.
Interesting style and approach, with a climax that happens fast.  Any mystery lover should appreciate this novel; hope there's more to come from this author.
Great story, very well written. Thought it started out slow but it picks up fast. Has a good plot and a great twist at the end. Would recommend it to anyone.
Excellent thriller!!  Loved it!  Also really got into the characters.  The way they were fleshed out was very detailed and I felt like I knew them very well.
I love how the author brought the ugliness out in everyone and how at any time they all could've been a killer. What a suspense but a sad and depressing one.
This book kept my interest start to finish, impossible to put down after about 3/4 in. It was so interesting, a thriller with terrific character development.
A very twisted bunch of characters.  Choppy prose and depressing images.  Only read this because it was chosen by the book club.  Poor imitation of Gone Girl
Very intrigueing.  I liked it because it was very different from most stories I've read.  Perhaps a little dragged out at times, but  still a very good read.
Suspenseful,a lot like Gone Girl. Never sure of who was really responsible for what. Kept you glued to each page as the book progressed. Totally enjoyed it .
I haven't read a good thriller like this in a long time. Kept me guessing until the very end, which doesn't happen very often. A great, exciting page-turner.
A "Gone Girl" imitator. And it succeeds. Good read. But the "villain"<br/>is obvious to anyone with a reader's brain by the two thirds point
I Chose this rating because I wanted to know more about each person represented.  I will certainly tell my Book Club about it and recommend it to my friends.
This is a page turner.  I would recommend it when sitting in an airport lounge waiting for a delayed flight.  Good story.  Not as good writing or characters.
Suspenseful but took a long time to get to that point, to the page-turner point.  At least halfway.  I didn't think it was too predictable which is good too.
An original, creative plot so well presented by a most talented author. This is a page turner, and it was fun reading the different voices telling the story.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was action-packed and the story moved effortlessly between each of the principle characters. I highly recommend this book.
Wish I could give it more stars! I enjoyed the unusual style of the story being told from 3 different points of view. Definitely one it was hard to put down.
I read this because of the "buzz" about it...it's disturbing because I couldn't figure out who was telling the truth until the very end. Amazing debut novel.
Kept you guessing until the end. Believable characters with flaws but with strengths.A realidea of the alcoholic and the problems it creates in their lives
I liked the way the novel split between the different characters. It kept the story moving and gave you different perspectives on a great suspenseful story.
Interesting book.  Sort of slow paced but then it keeps you wondering what is going on and what will happen.  What happens isn't what I thought it would be!
If you loved Gone Girl, you'll like this one. Similar themes with lots of surprises although not quite as surprising as Gone Girl. Yet an entertaining read.
Love the style of writing -- the viewpoint of 3 women intertwined.  A twist in the middle and kept me riveted to figure out the ending.<br/>Excellent read!
Hawkins keeps the reader guessing throughout the book--a who done it at its best! Once you start reading, you can hardly put it down. Absolutely great read!
Solid mystery thriller. Kept me guessing. Many shocking twists. The main character makes it a fun read as well. England setting. An easy and enjoyable read.
When I first started this book I didn't t understand what the big hoopla was. But after getting into the book I was enthralled. I couldn't wait to finish it
I felt it really started off too slowly developing girls personality. I was about 25% into book before anything began to happen.  Almost stopped reading it.
I liked the varying first-person style.  Good insights into alcoholism  Great story.  Just goes to show yet again that the grass is always greener...<br/>.
Part thriller, part cautionary tale -  I enjoyed this book. I would have liked more character detail and more depth in the story. Not great but a good read.
Excellent story. A little hard to get into the characters until you understand the situation. Would make a great movie!good build up of characters and plot.
The book kept my interest for a long plane ride.  Many reviews compare the book to Gone Girl but it is not as clever.  I would recommend it as a beach read.
I read this in just a few days. I thought that the main character, Rachel, was really well-developed, and the story held my attention from beginning to end.
It was a good read most of the way through... definitely kept me into it.  the ending was a little disappointing all things considered.  but a good fun read
When I finally had time in my hectic schedule to truly read this book, I couldn't put it down. It has everything you want love, drama, mystery and suspense.
Lovely little thriller! You'll find that the personalities - especially the protagonist - are written so clearly, while the plot slowly twists til it's end.
Fascinating, well woven story of flawed men and women driven by love and obsession. Just the right number of startling plot twists with a satisfying ending.
This books pointed you to everyone. It was very exciting. An excellent read. It was descriptive to the point that you could think you were watching a movie.
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel! There were many twists and turns that I was not expecting. Everything comes together in the end and it is wonderfully done!
Terrific read. Painfully share the torment of the girl as she struggled with her personal demons and a real life one too. A page turner beautifully crafted.
This was a good book!  Pretty suspenseful and you can't help bu root for the main character, even though she does some questionable things.  Very good book.
Three stories full of pathos and liquor. The were well written quite originally using a train as a literary vehicle. I found te reads too slow for my taste.
The juxtaposition of the memories of the different characters adds to the suspense and mystery.  Don't plan on easily putting this down once you've started.
Predictable. Characters not interesting. It's really a stretch to give it 3 stars. What shocking thing does she see on the train?  Nothing I can figure out.
Great book. I read it in about a day and a half. I hate slow moving books but this was moved at a good pace and I didn't expect the end. Thoroughly enjoyed.
I thought I had the ending figured out midway through the book. Boy was I wrong. Very good mystery. Will keep you involved in the story right up to the end.
It got off to a really slow start and seemed repetitious  to me.  About 3/4 of the way through it became interesting enough to be a pretty good page turner.
I loved this book. It was the perfect balance of sordid affairs, suspense and plot twists.  This page turner kept me up late wondering what was coming next.
This book is very hard to put down. I love how all the bad things  that are happening will get resolved and everyone's spirit will be free again at the end.
Reminded me Too much of Gone Girl Which I was not Crazy about.  Enjoyed the twists and turns but I definitely wouldn't recommend it as a "must read"
I enjoyed reading this book.  I found myself wanting to see what was happening next. This encouraged me to read more books which I haven't done for a while.
Good story with lots of 'twists and turns', but not the level of surprise or suspense as I expected from what the reviews said of it before I read the book.
Very good book! A little slow to start, but keep reading! I couldn't put it down. Not a fan of the ending, but would definitely encourage others to read it.
Do yourself a favor and read this book! Seriously, male or female... just make sure you've cleared your calendar because you may not be able to put it down.
A very engrossing book. The style is so unusual and interesting that you forget the time! That is the book I'm forever looking for. Don't miss this one.....
This book was suspenseful and thought provoking, and it definitely kept me guessing the entire way through. If you liked Gone Girl I think you'll like this!
..There are places in this book that you know you have everything figured out, until you turn the page and then realize you need rethink what you just read.
Wonderfully done! Reminded me of gone girl at times. One story told by three very different points of view. You can't help but cheer for the main character!
It reminded me a little of Gone Girl. It kept you interested until the end. I lked the style of writing - getting to know each character a little at a time.
Good story. It was a bit hard to get into. It reminded me of Gone Girl for a bit but then the story evolved and was quite compelling. Good mystery/whodunit.
It took me a long time reading before I could get into  the story.  I found it disturbing to read about the alcoholic girl who had lost control of her life.
Easy read although a bit slow to start, as I got more into the book and deeper into the psyche of the girl the book become more poignant.<br/>Worth reading
The book was well written, but it was somewhat predictable. I did however, like how the author gave us the first person perspective of all the main players.
Well written book but the story was such that I didn't like any of the characters.  They all had serious mental problems and responded poorly to situations.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  The character development was very good.  I really liked Rachel even though I wanted to shake her at times. vEry good read.
This was a Book Club pick, first one for this author.  I think the story was very well developed, suspenseful and I didn't want to put it down! A good read!
What an amazing journey! Couldn't put it down!! The characters' story lines take a twist that kept me reading. Loved Rachel's evolution throughout the book.
One of the best books I have read in a long time.  It was difficult to put down.  It kept me guessing until close to the end.  I highly recommend this book.
sickening, the complete idiocracy of every last character. "oh come on!!" is what repeatedly came to mind. i only finished it for completions  sake.
A non stop read. The characters are flawed yet relatable. The plot grabs you and doesn't let go until the last page. The best thriller I've read this year!!
Wow! I just finished reading this book & I absolutely loved it. The book had a total twist at the end that I couldn't believe. I highly recommend this book.
This was a awesome book!  The twist and turns took you in every direction and kept you guessing until the very end.  If you love a great mystery this is it!
A very well written book with many great twists. It took me a bit to get into due to difficulty connecting to the characters but once I was in I was hooked.
Good character development<br/>Excellent tension in the story<br/>Good descriptive phrases<br/>I would certainly read another book written by this author
Loved the characters and the story, totally enjoyed the descriptive and retrospective views that show what an alcoholics reality is.
Very entertaining first novel!  Suspenseful, it kept me reading one long freezing cold day in the south, where it was supposed to be warm!!  A page turner!!
It is a little slow reading, but gets better as the characters develop.  Then you can not put it down.  I did not guess the ending until the last few pages.
Disappointed in that I expected suspense after reading the reviews.  Guessed the ending very early on in the book.<br/>I also found the characters shallow.
It was advertised to be like "Gone Girl"<br/>and it was. It holds your attention.<br/>Clever, with twists.<br/>Some likeable people and some not.
I enjoyed this because of the twists and turns and the characters were interesting ands a little pathetic and the train was a central part of plot 3.5 stars
Somewhat confusing initially, reminded me of Gone Girl genre, interesting characters but central figure not particularly likeable - few redeeming qualities.
Excellent book! Couldn't put it down! Believable, suspenseful, surprising! The author shows her knowledge of human nature and addiction! Highly recommended!
Tremendous [train] ride of a book! Couldn't put it down ... couldn't bear to read on. I especially loved the very flawed, yet fragile main character. Bravo!
Very interesting book.  Shows what people with certain problems  go through in their own minds;  I had never given that thought before.  Well worth reading.
Read fairly quickly, not a bad book but could have been better written seemed to a switch characters to often and content looses footing. Otherwise ok read.
Right up there  with Gone Girl...great read!  Couldn't put it down but when I did I gave it to my sister who reads even more than I do and she loved it too.
I could not put this book down! It kept me so engrossed in the characters and their lives and the ending? Oh let's just say it's so worth reading! LOVED IT!
I found it difficult to warm to any of the characters in the story. In fact at times they annoyed me. No real surprises in the outcome but kept me reading.
The Girl On The Train was an interesting read. Sometimes I found it a little bit hard to follow. The author moves from character to character very quickly.
I thought the pace was slow in the beginning but once I got a little more into it I couldn't put it down.  I really enjoyed the book, similar to Gone Girl!
Easy to read and riveting enough to keep the reader entertained through the book. Slow at some parts but picked up at the end. Kept a good deal.of mystery.
A lot of all-around depressing characters interact with each other weaving lies, deceit, infidelity, and betrayal into their relationships with each other.
Turned out to be chic-lit with a moderate murder mystery.  Not impressed and am glad I read a library copy as opposed to knee jerk buying based on reviews.
A few twist, but didn't really hold my attention.  Went on and on.  I just read it to the end to see if I was correct about who I thought the Murderer was.
A great mystery!  I didn't know who did it until the end!  I loved the style of writing switching alternating persons.  I would highly recommend this book.
A great story line. Very clever. But I found reading about Rachel's descent into alcoholism very difficult, even though it fed directly into the storyline.
I did not care for the style of writing. I do not prefer to have each chapter about a different person. The content was ok. A little unbelievable at times.
I found this book a little disjointed and tended to wander from place to place. The plot could have gone anywhere but ended up with little or no surprises.
I know that this is a highly acclaimed novel, but I didn't enjoy the characters. It seemed to me that the story glorified low class morality and decisions.
I read this for bookclub under much time constraint. I was entirely gripped by the storyline. The characters were well developed and credible. A good book.
Very similar style of Gone Girl. If you liked that you would definitely like this. Ending was a bit anti climatic but finished it off with a closed ending.
I loved this book! It kept me guessing til the end! Reminds me of someone I knew who went thru a disgruntled relationship so it was easy to relate to story
Audible version plays like a movie.  Very good reader/actor. Not as good to actually read.  (I had whispersync and switched between listening and reading.)
Great unpredictable read. Not comfortable but you keep on reading.<br/>Loved the format of having each character telling the story from their perspective.
I read all the time .and not often enough do I find a book as good as this . Thriller , and let's you know about the personalities of the people involved .
Definitely worth the read. I couldn't put it down. I read it from start to finish in one go. Hawkins does an excellent job of evoking a myriad of emotions.
This was not as engaging as I had hoped.  The plot was cumbersome at times and not as satisfying as The Gone Girl which I compare to The Girl on the Train.
Do not pick this up if you have other things to do like work or sleep.  As soon as I finish this review, I will be searching for more books by this author.
I thought this book started out a little odd, and was not sure I would like it. It did not take long for that to change. Could not put it down. Great book!
Nicely written and if you haven't ever lived in England, it gives you a great window on how life is there day to day.  However, the ending was predictable.
Unusual story told from a different perspective.  I enjoyed it even if the main character is a little nuts.  The solution to the mystery will surprise you.
Kept me reading straight through.  Interesting that I didn't like a single character, but they all hooked me.  Very good job.  Excellent characterizations.
I enjoyed reading this book so much so that I found myself not only looking for opportunities to read but anticipating the time I could set aside to do so.
Lots of folks will enjoy this novel more than I did. I think the old "unreliable narrator" ploy hurt my appreciation of this book more than helped.
A fun little whodunit thriller. Read it in about 24 hours. Engaging and definitely a good time killer. I would recommend it to those who enjoyed Gone Girl.
Fast read, with lots of twists and turns.  One minute you think this person did it; the next, it's someone else.  Am recommending this one to my book club!
Compelling story and a heroine you can't help but love. Great read!!! And if you are someone who takes the train to work, the flow of this book is perfect.
Great read, hard to put down. The way each character gets to unfold through their own voice is cleverly written and the twist I did not see for miles away.
Easy reading.....very much looking forward to the ending and was a little disappointed that it was so anticipated but all in  all a very entertaining book.
I enjoyed this book!  When I first started reading it, I thought it was going to be a hard read, but as I continued  it got very enthralling.  Great read!!
I couldn't stop reading this book and the ending was so unexpected! Excellent mystery and would recommend to everyone. Enjoy! You won't be disappointed. 😃
Excellent writing style. I Enjoyed reading this book so much that I could not put it down until I was finished. Very good twists and turns in the book too
I listened to the audiobook. I loved it even though I got confused and had to go back a few times.  Well done. I probably would get the novel to read too.
This writer really knows her stuff....it's almost like she's experienced all these things in the first person. She keeps you guessing right up to the end.
It was slow going at first, but this story draws you in and hurtles you to the end. By the time I got tot eh middle,of the story, I could. It put it down!
Loved this book!  Reminded me of gone girl the way it was written, however, I did not like Gone Girl... But I loved this book! Highly recommend this read!
A fantastic read, I didn't want this book to end, I'm looking forward to reading more from this author,  it was gripping and had you from start to finish.
Great characters and story. I couldn't put it down. Many twists and turns throughout and you are really not sure until the very end. A definite must read.
Amazing book! Very well written. Paula Hawkins has you guessing up until the end! Love the POV changes.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this book!
I like the way the author wrote from multiple characters. This way the reader got their perspective of the situation.  The ending was a complete surprise.
Twists and turns everywhere to keep you on the edge of your armchair. So very well written with a marvelously constructed plot. Sad to be done reading it!
This was a good read. A real page-turner. However, the ending isn't as interesting as the rest of the book. I'll definitely read more of Hawkins' writing.
Paula Hawkins is masterful with her character development<br/>So intriguing, I didn't want to put it down.<br/>I highly recommend The Girl on the Train.
Most of the action takes place in the minds of the characters.  I had some problems following the time lines, partially because I was reading on a Kindel.
For those that liked Gone Girl, this is the book for you. It takes it time telling the story. Maybe a little too long. But, still it keeps you interested.
A very good, well-written book. It took a while to get the rythym, but once I understood the timeline and perspectives the book came to life. A must read!
It was too dark and too violent for me with a sad ending.  Perhaps I should have looked into the content a little deeper.  My fault.  Not my type of read.
This book was very well written ! It was captivating and engaging. I found myself wanting another chapter at the end. I think it would make a great movie.
Enjoyed this book. It was an exciting thriller. Beware if you read , pay close attention in the first few chapters until the story starts to come together
This book is fantastic!  I didn't want it to end.  The author keeps you guessing right up until the end.  I will look for more of her books in the future.
This is a fast paced multi voiced narrative of intertwined lives, twisted reality, and the role of alcohol in the unravelling of a life and relationships.
Not a bad book, but not great either. The main character is well written, but is a bit dark and depressing, and halfway through it was pretty predictable.
A rather slow build, but ultimately becomes a juicy page turner. Wouldn't call it a beach read, but a welcome mysterious escape to enjoy over a few weeks.
A suspense filled mystery that takes you into the thoughts of a woman who is fighting her own demons.  Excellently written, you won't want to put it down!
This book was filled with twists that kept me on edge. A quick read (possibly because I never wanted to put the book down) that is definitely recommended.
Very exciting, surprising twists and turns. Loved it!  Recommended as a page turner. Not sure how it is going to turn out but pleased with the way it did!
An interesting psychological thriller. Nice summer read. Gave me a glimpse into the ins and outs of London trains and a plausible adventure along the way.
The book starts out quite good and there is some interesting character development but the ending is somewhat predictable.  Good time pass for the summer.
Wow, I could not put this book down! Great thriller filled with twists, kept me engaged throughout. Recommend to anyone looking for a quick, intense read!
Couldn't put this book down.  Great story with lots of twists and turns that keep the reader guessing.  I highly recommend it.  You won't be disappointed.
Great read! The story was like a roller coaster alternating between the three main characters, but I thought the ending could've been even more explosive.
Since I read it on my Kindle and didn't notice dates and names at top of chapters, it took a little while to get that there were different points of view.
This book took too long to get to the point. You start losing interest . Going back and forth from person to person . I don't recommend . Very slow read .
The author kept me guessing almost to the end.  Loved the way it flip-flopped back and forth between the characters telling the story.  A great whodunit!!
I literally could not stop reading this book !!!....the adventures, the hurt, the pain, the mysteries, the lies, the unexpected...omg novel of the century
Not impressed.  Fast read.  Guessed the murderer about half way through.  None of the characters are at all likable. At some point I just said, Who cares?
This book starts out very slow, but by mid novel I was hooked! It was very well written. I felt for all the characters and their lonely lives. Great read!
A wonderful voice and sympathtic main character.  Although the ending is a little bit of a cliche,it's still a great read and well worth you time!  Enjoy!
I thought as you got to know the characters they became more complex. I was never sure of the outcome.  One of the better novels hat I have read recently.
Couldn't put it down. Very confusing story line. Must read daily to keep up with the story line. Must pay attention to the person talking. It's a shocker.
I couldn't put this book down.  There are tons of twists and when you think you got it down, you realize you were wrong. Left me guessing to the very end!
I could not put it down. I was completely taken<br/>in by Megan, Rachel and Anna.  Suspenseful and with plenty of twists and turns.  Perfect summer read!
Readable but did not like the protafonist. Really didn't gravitate to any of the characters very well. I was surprised at the ending. Didn't see it comig.
so far a really interesting story...holds your interest...2/3 way through and the perp. could be any one of the characters...looking forward to the reveal
Full of suspense and interesting twists.  If you ride a train to work in any city around the world, your daily commute just got a little more interesting.
This was well written, and easy to read and understand. It certainly had my attention. I have a feeling as I did with Gone Girl, this will become a movie.
I love books that keep me thinking and grab hold of me. Girl on the Train was full of twists and kept me invested in the characters. Sorry to have it end.
Can't wait to see the next thing from this author.  It would make for a great mini-series on a cable network that would have enough time to do it justice.
Great writing. Kept my interest throughout the entire book. The story keeps you guessing until the end. Great read from page one until the very last page.
A clever plot with interesting characters. I wonder if the main character changes her life after her experiences. This situation is realistic for our day.
Characters were very well developed and there were several suspects interjected throughout the novel to keep one guessing as to who the real murderer was.
I was anticipating a much more developed plot and characters.  There was so much foreshadowing that it was easy to figure out the ending.  A mediocre read
If you liked Gone Girl, you'll love this book.  It's a surprise right up to the end.  A little on the dark side, like Gone Girl, but riveting in its plot.
Quick read..somewhat predictable..semi-clever twist on the unreliable narrator theme..or perhaps fad.  But I did read the entire book in about 3 sessions.
I really like the plot of the book overall. I found myself skimming some of the unnecessary dialogue and unneccesary detail that didn't add to the story b
I'm over half way through reading it.  I like the author's style, but the story drags, and I'm ready to find out the murderer and move on to another book.
About two thirds of this book frustrated and annoyed me. Just when I thought there was no hope it picked up and the characters finally got some substance.
I think it was an interesting book, however it didn't quite satisfy me. I wasn't a fan of any of the characters and I found the chapters quite repetitive,
Page turner !!  After reading "Gone Girl". ...."The Girl on the Train", although having a similar plot, Did have an ENDING !!..Loved it !!
I don't feel over-the-top crazy about this book, but it was definitely a fun read. Very clever twists and turns as well as plot and character development.
I read the whole book.  It wasn't so terrible that I stopped reading. The killer's identity is really no mystery.  I would not recommend this to a friend.
A very good read!!!  I enjoyed this book quite a bit.  From the beginning to the end, I didn't want to stop reading it.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
Too confusing.  Quit after just a few chapters.  I am an avid reader and don't know how this is number one.  So glad Harlan Coben knocked him off the top!
Interesting read, well written, novel structure, first person chapters from several of the main characters.  I liked it, but, regretfully, didn't love it.
Hard to keep up with.  Not a likable character in the book.  I have no idea how it got on the best seller list.  It was difficult to even finish the book.
I did not care for this book.  Too depressing and the back and forth character style was rather hard to follow if you had to stop reading for a day or so.
I was caught up in the characters, love it! I loved all of  the Gillian Flynn novels and this is the best thing I have read since then. Highly recommend!!
I liked the book but didn't love it. I thought the first half of the book was a little slow, it picked up in the middle. I think the movie will be better.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was suspenseful, interesting, the characters were well-developed, and it was a good read.  I didn't want to put it down.
very interesting book ...one that you have to have time to read through as it has multiple plots going on.... or multiple angles...  I would recommend it.
Gripping, fantastically well written; the perfect mystery novel. Had me guessing all the way to the reveal. Can't wait to read more of this author's work.
Very slow start but worth hanging in there.  It is hard to like the main character and you keep hoping for some sort of redemption for her as you read on.
Totally engrossing and a great poly-vocal narrative. Great twists and turns. Couldn't put it down - I read it in two sittings. Trust no one. Just kidding.
The comparisons with Gone Girl seem misplaced. Yes it was a bit of a page turner because the characters frustrate you however I wouldn't recommend a read
I know that this book is on Best Seller lists, and I am often not enthusiastic about reading something just because it's #1.  But I couldn't put it down.
The book is great but made even better by the readers. I don't think I've heard a book where the voices so perfectly matched the characters... Excellent!
Loved the characters in this novel, this author had me intrigued from the beginning. Reminds me a lot of gone girl, if you liked that you will like this!
I enjoy getting lost in novels, and this book was no exception. I definitely liked the book, but it wasn't quite the thrilling page-turner I anticipated.
Compelling plot, dialogue, and characters. Satisfying ending. No wasted words. Intense and thrilling like gone girl, but not so negative and nightmarish.
This book builds momentum. There are many times I was going to push it aside and not read it however I kept through and towards the end I could not stop.
Great read. Twist and turns of the story keep things interesting. You have to wait longer than you want in order to keep up with your favorite characters
This is not a great novel.  The alternating third person does not work that well and the dysfunctional main character gets trying very early in the read.
I loved the book but was a bit let down by the ending.  While it was good, it wasn't totally satisfying.  Terrific read, though.  I couldn't put it down.
The ending wasn't what I expected but overall a well paced book.  Touches upon interesting issues.  Deception, alcoholism, manipulation. Would recommend.
Awesome Book, I love the way the author describes each character in detail.  She does a great job of making you feel like you were a part of the scenery!
I liked the suburban climax of the book, the train metaphor. I liked the characters and the dynamics of the book.  I liked the way violence was depicted.
Kind of hard to follow with the various characters events happening at different times.  Very important to pay attention to the dates for each character.
Really had a lot of twists to this story.  Somewhat on the dark side at times, but definitely worth the read.  Kept you turning those pages till the end.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. The suspense will hang over you until the end. Definitely a thrilling read from cover to cover.
You will get wrapped up in Rachel 's crazy,drunk life ,only to be<br/>drawn into a real twist of fate and characters that surround her.<br/>Great read.
I couldn't put it down.  She got under my skin and finger nails.  I was so creeped I slept with the bedroom door locked!  Chillingly fun for summer heat.
The thing I did not like about this book was that there were no really good moral characters. I like to read a book that I can pull for the good person!!
A little slow to start but then I couldn't put it down. Read more than half the book one afternoon. Kept me up into the wee hours just so I could finish.
Good read. The characters are interesting and the change in perspective adds to the suspense. Highly recommend to anyone who likes mysteries or suspense.
The Girl on the train will make you sad but hard to stop once started. Totally engrossing thriller.<br/>Less complex vs. gone girl but much darker read.
As good as Gone Girl! I could not stop listening to the audio book and spend a lot of time in the car haha. LOVED it! The reader did a great job as well.
Great beach read.  Suspenseful.  Beverly well written, looking forward to discussing it in my book club.  Would read other books by this author for sure.
Okay, in my opinion it was a little drawn out and lengthy for the plot.  Similar thriller style like Gone Girl.  I personally like Gone Girl much better.
It was badly written about very uninteresting characters. I didn't really want to finish it, but wanted to see which dislikeable character would survive.
I didn't like the rapid jumping from one character to the next. I found it confusing.The beginning of the book held more interest for me than the ending.
Pitched as British GONE GIRL, but poorly written with a Lifetime movie plot. But I bought it on amazon for under ten bucks, so I can't complain too much.
Very well-written novel and wonderful character development.  I thought the climax could have been more exciting and the grand discovery more of a twist.
Deeply psychological. Well written. Keeps your attention. Not my usual action type book, but it was very good. Prompted me to buy a signed first edition.
Book was hard to follow due to the number of characters, and the fact that they were not well introduced or described.  Ending left me "hanging."
The last third of the book was riveting and I couldn't put it down.  You have to get through a lot of slow plot building to get there, but it's worth it!
Anyone that likes multiple viewpoints of the same scene this book is for you. Intrigue, suspense, murder, and lust make this book intense and believable.
Read it in two days. Book club discussion will be plentiful this time. I was lured in so deeply. Nothing lead me to believe I was going to figure it out!
I really liked this book. It was suspenseful and had somewhat of a surprise ending. I read it on a business trip and it was easy to read while traveling.
Would recommend. I was annoyed because I thought I figured out the ending in the first 50 pages, but I was wrong! Very surprising ending and a great read
I liked the novel very much.  It was a little slow at first, but picked up nicely after the murder.<br/><br/>The author kept you guessing until the end
This is one the freshest l, most intriguing books I have read in a long time. Rachel is a character you can't help loving or hating. Couldn't put it down
From the beginning there is no looking away from the page. Just when you think you have it figured out--you don't.  Fascinating use of POV and flashback.
A great summer read...good story line that will keep you guessing; I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because I felt like it dragged a little in the beginning.
It's a good mystery. I liked the flawed main character. It kept me guessing but I figured it out before the author told me. And I liked the way it ended.
This was a nice and short mystery novel. Not too many characters, an interesting plot, and an outcome I never saw coming. Definitely recommend this read.
Well written the way Paula Hawkins pulled me into the. Thoughts of the people of her story was well thought out.<br/>I had the feeling I knew them well.
Though the plot twist was shocking, the sad, depressing first 3/4 of book was a but monotonous for my taste.  Would not read another book by this author.
A hard book to put down!  It kept me guessing until the end.  Even while reading at night, I would be falling asleep, but reluctant to put the book down!
The book was cleverly written from 3 POVs & going between the past & present. Many twists along the way to keep the reader guessing. Well worth the read.
Told from various points of view.  Interesting technique.  Also the characters lie, so the reader has to be careful not to take everything at face value.
Took a couple of chapters to get into it, but once I did, I really enjoyed the book.  The characters are well thought out and each one kept me interested
I kenjoy ed it very much even tho i was somewhat confused at first until irealized it was different people telling their story.i ound it hard to put down
I'd read about this on the best seller list and once I started reading it I understood how it got to the top of the list. Kept me on the edge of my seat!
Very thrilling novel...the mystery stayed a mystery until the very end. It was not only suspenseful but the characters were very relatable and felt real.
This book did take a little bit to get into but once I got into it I couldn't put it down!  I look forward to reading other books written by this author.
This is a great book - definitely one I couldn't put down. It's suspenseful and you just want to keep reading to figure out what is going to happen next!
This is an excellent choice for a book club. The characters are well developed. The plot complex and simple. I will follow this author for future reads .
Enjoyed reading this from the point of view of some pretty imperfect characters, with real flaws - couldn't put it down! Devoured it in just a day or two
This book was wonderful. It was similar to Gone Girl - lots of suspense, not sure who is the bad guy, etc. I ignored my family and finished it in 2 days.
I really didn't get into the book until the last 20% of the book on my kindle! By then I had figured it out and finished it to see if I was right! I was!
I found no suspense in this read and had the plot figured out as soon as Tom appeared on the scene. Not much imagination Paula H. It was a waste of time.
I loved the realness of this book.  Every page flowed and there was never a dull moment.  I don't like mysteries.....well, until I read this masterpiece.
One of the very few books I've made the time to read. Couldn't put it down and the ending is not what I expected at all. Well put together and concluded.
You have to pay attention to the name at the top of the page to understand who is doing the explanation of story. Otherwise I found it very interesting.
I was hooked the second I picked up the book. It is such a unique story, so interesting, and keeps you guessing the entire time. I couldn't put it down!
Incredibly well written story with so many twists you never know what to imagine next. Great read, you'll wake up wanting more and be sad when it's over
This novel was heart wrenching. The lead character struggles and you find yourself pulling for her. The ending was unexpected.  All in all a great read.
I expected suspense, but was pleasantly surprised at the depth of characterization.  This book is worth reading.  I'll enjoy discussing it at book club.
I enjoyed the novel. Not one of the characters is likeable, but I still wanted to find out what happens to each and discover the identity of the killer.
Despite my friend telling me the identity of the killer because she's  stupid, the book still unfolded in a way i never would have imagined. Great book!
Slow starting out but a great read, it's told from all of the different characters and the ending has quite an interesting twist! Great weekend reading!
Not sure what all the rave is about, the whole book was evolved around one character for the most part. Not many dimensions to the story. Disappointing.
I'd rather not waste my time reading about uninteresting, simple, damaged people. Recommended for my book club by someone who obviously had not read it!
I decided life was too short and that there are too many better books to read. I'm halfway through and still don't care what happened to the characters!
It was a page turner.  The characters were well developed and I wasn't able to solve the mystery until the last few chapters. It was a fun book to read.
Didn't enjoy the book because I didn't like the characters. Apart from that thought it was well written with a good story line. Reminded me of Gone Girl
Some strong metaphors in the story and some suspense but it's hard to feel much sympathy for any of the characters and their choices and chronic deceit.
It took a while to really get going and make the book interesting.  But once the plot fell into place I really enjoyed it and found it hard to put down.
I really connected with this story right from the start. I love how Ms Hawkins writes this story through her characters,and I just couldn't put it down.
while it got predictable theoughout the middle, it still capturedme to read till the last page..there is a bit of rachel and anna in many of us, women..
I like this book, it was interesting and well written. Kept me guessing where the story was going the entire time. I recommend it if you like thrillers.
This book was predictable and the end wasn't great. The suspense and character development was good. The different points of view were fun to follow. :)
Conceptually interesting,though the personalities are not as fully developed as I would have liked the storyline was different and satisfyingly twisted.
I thought this was a rip off of Gone Girl, which I also thought had a lame ending. It was a quick beach read, but not something I'd recommend to others.
This is the kind of book you can't put down...compelling story, interesting characters and a well-written style.  I'm recommending it to all my friends!
Loved the visual picture that the author paints through the eyes of the 3 women. Once you start reading, you won't be able to stop until the final page.
This was a very engrossing story, told in a way that keeps the reader wanting to go on, needing to keep reading for answers. Audio version is wonderful.
I couldn't put this book down.  Very suspenseful and definitely kept your attention. I would highly recommend this book if you're looking for a thriller
A bit like Gone Girl with a deeply disturbed, evil character with no sense of right and wrong. Hearkens back to the rationales for the insanity defense.
Stow moving and overhyped book that seems to be written like a screen play. The characters were not that interesting to me and so I kept mixing them up.
Made a mistake with this purchase. If you are one of those who loved Gone Girl you will love this book. I did not and I do not care for this one either.
Enjoyed this novel immensely . I liked the storyline and felt the characters were well developed so much so that I developed an intense dislike for one!
I loved the story but I wished the final scene had been more worthy of the long build up. Couldn't put it down. Many twists and turns. I recommend it!!!
I didn't even finish it. The main character annoyed me beyond belief. My friend loved this book, so I am thinking it's just me. But to each their own :)
I started to read and couldn't put it down. Every chapter held my interest. Rachel, Anna, and Megan all very interesting, all with an amazing storyline.
I thoroughly enjoyed this thriller!!!! Expect the unexpected😱. For a first attempt at this genre, I can only say that I cannot wait for the next one!!!
Seeing someone else's life as a passerby leads to misinterpretation, self doubt and tragedy. Good intentions lead to trouble and an unexpected alliance.
Good read. A little confusing at times because there are several main characters and plots that are linked, but a good book for a plane flight or beach.
I can usually figure it out in the beginning of psychological thrillers but this one kept me guessing. The characters were well developed and relatable.
It was good.  The last chapter tied it all together.  I had a hard time identifying all the characters; but, I eventually caught on.  It was a good read
This is a well written mystery using a writing style similar to Gone Girl, with shifting points of view and timeframes. Draws you in and doesn't let go.
I had a hard time getting in to it but then it moved right along. I got annoyed with one of the main women I kept telling her "No don't do that"
I did not like the main characters.  It's hard to stay with a book with no redeeming characters.  I figured out the killer early on.  No surprises here.
A good read BUT I wish I had read a real book as opposed to a Kindle so it would have been easier to go back and look at the dates on the chapters, etc.
Disappointed in this read.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high after reading some rave reviews.  I found the story mediocre and the writing dull.
This book kept me interested from the first page.  I couldn't put it down.  I really liked how it is told from the characters perspectives. Good end it.
If you liked Gone Girl (which I detested) you will be O.K. with this one.  It dragged on and on and on and did not get interesting until almost the end.
Cheers to Paula Hawkins for such a readable tale. Great character development and setting. I'll never see backyards the same, especially English yard s.
A very clever murder mystery told mainly from the perspective of the divorced, alcoholic heroine. My boring commute into Chicago will never be the same.
You won't be able to put this book down. At least towards the end you'll want to finish it! Great story, interesting characters and I really enjoyed it.
Great suspense right through to the end. Red herrings everywhere throughout. Cleverly written around a very unlikable character. I hope she finds peace!
Really sucked me in, the more I read it, the more I just HAD to read to finish it. Enjoyed all the ways it could have turned out and I loved the ending.
Very interesting and riveting read. Lots of frustration about the main character until everything falls into place. Overall, good book and great ending.
A real page turner!!!  Looking forward to the movie.  This is what a good novel is.  Thanks, Paula Hawkins for a terrific ride through a fantastic trip.
Almost like Gone Girl- you think you have the story figured out only to realize by the end that the truth has been right in front of you the whole time.
The novel was supposed to be British but didn't have the feel of a British book.  I had trouble putting it down , however, and few books do that for me.
Don't even think you have this one figured out until you read the last page. Definitely a page-turner. If you like guessing games, this book is for you.
I couldn't put it down! Good read. You want to figure out all the characters...just when you think you've got it, there's a twist. A good "who done it."
Very entertaining murder mystery told through the words and thoughts of the three women characters.  Can't wait to read something else from Ms. Hawkins.
Great novel, especially for an author's first attempt (I believe this was Hawkin's debut). I've read so many thrillers that I feel pretty comfortable in my assumptions about characters and who the villain might be; it's hard to surprise me, but this one did keep me guessing until close to the end. The alcoholic thing can be a little overdone but I felt Hawkins portrayed it realistically and gave readers a flawed (and physically unattractive) protagonist that you can't help but pity and root for. It's refreshing to see a female protagonist who isn't model beautiful. It's a page-turning novel and I was almost late to a party because I was flipping through the last few pages. It's a haunting sort of book, especially with its themes of voyeurism and just the prose in general. "She is buried under the silver birch..." Would recommend.
I loved Gone Girl and when I saw this comparison, I was very excited. I have read also Dark Places and Sharp Objects and needed something to fill my void TIL either Gillian's or Chevy Steven's next books come out...... This was not it. I had to force myself to get through it. It is "comparable" to the way Flynn writes in the fact that it bounces between three women's perspectives and it takes a while to pick up suspense in the book because of all the back story but that is about the only similarity between this and Gone Girl. There is a twist at the end that is totally predictable by the last 100 pages making the most suspenseful part of the book a give away anyways..... definitely would not recommend. Gave two stars instead of one because it wasn't a total dud, it just definitely has no authority to be compared to Gone Girl.
This had so many twists and turns.  Wasn't sure "who done it" until the very end.  Started out slow but once it picked up, it really grabs you.
couldn't put it down, such a good read. well-written, great characterization, and incredible plot-line. will be looking for more novels by this author!
Such a great story, great twists and turns! Loved the character development and how the story flowed and came together. Left me guessing until the end.
I couldn't put it down. The pace is quick because the narrative jumps between characters. I really care about these women and the ending is satisfying.
Loved the plot twists and the ending! The characters felt real, like this could happen. Felt like real life with its good and bad, highs and deep lows.
I finished this book right away, because I could not put it down! It was an intriguing story that from the beginning piqued my interest. A page turner!
I drew me in immediately which is a plus.  I held my interest until the very end. I would encourage any reader who likes drama and suspense to read it.
The main character is the worst. I just kept hoping she would drink herself to death because of all the pity parties she kept holding for herself. Ugh.
Chilling reflection of the twisted, cruel side of humanity, this book will keep you glued all the way through to the end. I hope there will be a movie!
I liked the story. I liked reading the three women's thoughts. I have given it 3 stars because their was just a bit too much bad language for my taste.
Definitely a different writing style. Difficult to follow the story line. Good story line, but I prefer the more traditional formats for story telling.
Must be sure to pay attention to the title of each chapter and the voice of each chapter.  The characters were very sad confused people.  Well written.
Couldn't put this book down. It was an exiting read all the through. Highly recommend.  Suspense.  Great characters.  Lots of plots that come together.
must pay attention when you begin reading so you know which girl is which.  but very interesting reading and great ending!  probably turn in to a movie
This book is a gripping read. Lots of twists. Good characterization...especially Rachel. I liked that the story is what told by a number of characters.
Kept me intrigued and entertained I loved the way it's written from multiple perspectives and all the pieces come together. Definitely a good thriller!
Great book for those who like something that resembles Gillian Flynn's novels, although I prefer her plots. Would read another book from Paula Hawkins!
Great book, easy read and definitely a page turner. The plot twists kept me on my toes and always wanting to know what was coming next. Great thriller!
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was interesting reading from an English perspective. It kept me guessing. I was surprised at all the twists and turns.
This was a real page turner.  Even though the characters were bizarre, the author did a great job telling their stories.  I couldn't put the book down.
I had a hard time parting with this book. I had to sleep , so I did take two days to read it. It is suspenseful!  I throughly enjoyed it. Well written!
I was not fond of any of the characters. It was full of suspense and intrigue till the end . I did suspect the guilty party long before it was obvious.
I absolutely couldn't put it down. A beautifully unique and riveting story. Brava to you Paula Hawkins! I can't wait for more of your brilliant novels!
Took me a little while to really get into the book, but eventually I didn't want to put it down. I would definitely like to read more from this author.
Entertaining read - it took me a bit of time to get into it, but I ended up getting caught into the writing and characters.  It's a good vacation read.
Took a long time to get going. To start with thought it was a book on alcoholism so nearly didn't pick it up again. But once you got into it it was OK.
Unlikable protagonist but interesting story with taut action. Figured it out halfway through but the climax was still interesting and a bit surprising.
Loved the book.  It was a very easy read.  Would have preferred a different ending...but that didn't take away from what I thought of the book overall!
Slow to get started and confusing keeping the characters straight, however, mid-way into the book you get hooked. Certainly it will make a great movie.
I totally enjoyed this read.  I had just finished The Goldfinch and wanted something lighter.  What I wouldn't give to be the person casting the movie!
I really enjoyed this book.  The writer made this book easy to follow and just enough interest and suspense to enjoy the book and want to keep reading.
Gillian Flynn style of book with a Hitchcock feel.  It's the cliche description but it's the truth about this story. It doesn't make it any less great.
Even better than her last book if that's even possible. Definitely a page turner and a half. If you don't read any other book this year, read this one!
Kind of reminded me of Gone Girl, twisty and turny. It was hard to follow the different narrators at first but once I got in to the story I enjoyed it!
I didn't think this book deserved to be at the top of the bestseller list.  It has been compared to Gone Girl.  I did not think it came anywhere close.
Great book! Thrilling. Not as good as gone girl but close to it. It's been awhile since I have read a book that kept me this interested the whole time.
Don't bother, this book is miserable from the beginning. Unlikeable characters with no redeeming qualities; transparent plot, and a predictable ending.
The self destructive behavior of this woman was painful to read at times as it was so honestly written. Extremely well crafted story, hard to put down.
took awhile to get into but once I did,I couldn't put it down.  lots of twists and turns.... Reminded me a bit of Gone Girl.  Characters are well drawn
Reminiscent of Gillian Flynn's style of writing and storytelling. Great story told in a a captivating and exciting way. For anyone who liked Gone Girl.
The best thing was the intriguingly way the author entwined the lives of 5 adults coupled together by abuse and delusion. I couldn't put the book down!
Good read.  Started out being confusing with various characters speaking in the first person but once I got the characters straight it was a good read.
While I did finally get involved in this book, I must say it took me a long time.  I found it to be disjointed..won't be raving about it to my friends.
Took awhile to follow the many twists & turns as the characters evolved in this story.  Really kept my attention throughout.  Can't wait for the movie!
Each character is wonderfully written. Fascinating storyline from the first page to the last. I read this book in two days and was sorry when it ended.
I liked the fact that you really did not know who killed Megan until almost the end. This was the first book in awhile that I couldn't wait to finish .
I have read reviews of this book and it was exactly as I expected.  It's a clever book and by the end I felt  sure I knew who had done what and he had.
great characters, a lively plot that keeps you guessing and all the base human instincts and behavior.<br/><br/>Not a surprise that its a best seller
It is a good story but you have to pay close attention to date and narrator for each chapter.  Also, so actions by the characters are a bit repetitive.
Such a fascinating book!  Once I started it, I couldn't put it down!  I am so glad it was on my Kindle so I could have it with me at all times all day!
I usually read historical novels, however, this was a good book not great...probably would make a better movie. I did enjoy the suspense toward the end
Excellent read. Great character development. What a twist of plot and characters. I couldn't wait to get to the end, but am sad it is over. Great book.
Not enjoyable read.
Boring, predictable
Not worth the hype.
Very disappointing.
Did not disappoint.
Tedious and boring/
I enjoyed this book
Thought it was fair
The further it went the worse (sillier) it got.  Like others all the hype pulled me into reading it & I'm sorry I wasted my time.  But that's just me.
There were w few twists and turns, but they could be figured out quite easily before they happened,  It was an pretty good read but not a spellbinder.
I thought it was slow moving and lots of saddness and pain.  I would not re-read nor would I purchase it had I know this.  Sounded much better!.  Jean
A suspense story about a lady post divorce and her recovery, along with a mystery story.<br/>Good read,, keeps you going straight through to the end.
I stopped reading after a few chapters, but the next day started again. Well done and very interesting. I hope in her next book to have less minutiae.
I couldn't put it down!  Not just a great plot with awesome twists and turns, but lovely writing as well.  I look forward to Ms. Hawkins future books!
This is one of the best books I have ever read!!! Loved it!!! It is a gripping, suspenseful thriller. I recommend it to everyone that likes to read!!!
Couldn't get into it...not much suspense at all. Too Many different narrators. Got confusing at some points. Took me almost 6 months to get through it
This book is so well written that it will be hard to find another that holds a candle to it .  Without a doubt, a must read. Captivating in every way.
Confusing at times.  You have to keep track of which character you're reading about.  Not a bad read, in some ways reminded me of "Gone Girl".
First person approach to each character is very interesting and gets you into mind & motives of the characters....lots of twists and unexpected turns.
Thrilling<br/>Fast, intertwining plot and could not put down, recommend for anyone needing a suggestion.  Talented writer, good character development
This is a fast paced, suspenseful read. If you liked Gone Girl, you will love Girl on the Train.  Our book club loved this one. I highly recommend it!
It was a slow read for almost half of the book.  However, after that, the book got really good with twists and surprises.  I would recommend the book.
If you liked Gone Girl--this one' for you. Admittedly this is not my genre.  I didn't like the style of the writing nor did I care for the characters.
I enjoyed it.<br/>Interesting and a good read overall.  You do have to work through the points of view changing but that makes it interesting to read
This was awful! Where Twilight was a whiny teen narrative, this is a whiny adult narrative. Dreck. I cannot recommend The Girl on the Train to anyone.
Very interesting! Loved the characters, the twists and turns...enjoyed this book a great deal. An easy read. Can't wait to read another one by this author!
It's one of those books you  just cannot put down. Although it has been compared to Gone Girl, I think it's a way better storyline. Highly suggest it!
Interesting story structure keeps you wanting more from every angle. Troubled and human behaviors and emotions culminate in a dark but inevitable end.
Loved this book.  I couldn't put it down and I went back and forth on who I thought the culprit was.  Would like to see another book from this author.
If you enjoyed Gone Girl, you will love this suspense thriller. The vivid description is great, and Hawkins keeps you wanting more with every chapter.
A great suspenseful read. There are lots of interesting relationships which make you wonder who did what. I found it to be a quick and enjoyable read.
It kept my interest.....always wondering what was really happening. I wanted to keep reading to see how it would end....kind of like reading Gone Girl
A bit slow and overall not as great as I expected. Good character development but the story dragged on a little too long before the twist was exposed.
Great book for a quick read/trip. The story is somewhat realistic, the characters are a hot mess and the ending is great. A great book to escape into.
I thought the organization of the novel was clever, but that the ending did not flow well from the character development over the course of the novel.
liked the story and you have to pay attention to who is speaking at every chapter otherwise you will not understand what is happening.<br/>Good story
This book was really good. It was not what I expected but I did enjoy all of the crazy characters!  I think it was well written and has a good ending.
Loved it! A great, fast-paced read that I couldn't put down, filled with lots of emotion and descriptive detail. Great plot and character development.
Good read. Suspenseful and engaging.  A little too much info about the main character's alcoholic problems.  Didn't guess the killer til near the end.
I just did not like one of these characters. They seemed like such awful people. I didn't like Gone Girl, so not sure why I thought I would like this.
This is one of those rare books that is so mesmerizing that I could not put it down. Well written. This is suspense, mystery, and thriller all in one.
First I thought it was too depressing but the story really drew me in. I liked the way it was told from the different points of view. Great characters
Very intriguing book. Mystery until the end. Kept me on the edge of my seat. Well developed characters. Will definitely read<br/>More by this author.
Started out completely confusing going back and forth between the two women and making little sense  to me at all.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
A truly new twist on the mystery genre, embroiled in relationships and engrossing the reader in different female perspectives. I couldn't put it down!
I had too much trouble keeping track of the characters and gave up before finishing the whole book. I found the text wordy and rambling. Disappointed.
Very good.  Many twists.  Keeps you guessing.  Quick read that pulls you in. Would recommend it to someone who wants something light and entertaining.
This book was definitely one where I looked forward to picking it up each night to read.  I didn't figure out the twists too early on which was great.
SUCH a great book. It has it all, suspense, love, hurt, pain, redemption. I love this book, love Hawkins' style, and can't wait to read more from her!
Very compelling with many twists and turns. Kind of  a guessing game throughout the book. Some of the characters very surprising.  Keeps your interest
Great book suspenseful , page turner. Great character development<br/>Twists and constant turns<br/>Worth reading<br/>Suspension until the very end
Fast paced & a "don't want to put it down" book!<br/>I liked the way the chapters were arranged by character & date. Unsure of villain until the end!
A bit depressing & the story dragged in the middle of the book.  But it was a very interesting story with an unexpected ending.  I enjoyed this book.
It took me 3 days to read this. If I didn't have a job it would have been sooner. The beginning was a bit slow but it kept me interested! Great book!
Had a good idea of the ending once 75% through the book. Overall good read. Some parts not believable in storyline, but those parts were short lived.
I found the book intriguing. When you read it you don't know what was going to happen next and you don't know until the end. I liked it not too deep.
I like how the story was told from the different perspectives of the characters. Different style. Very well written too in simple language. Good job!
It's a "so-so" book. Don't understand how it got to be on the best seller list.<br/>Some characters developed well, but others lacked depth.
I could not put this book down. I went from hating all the characters to loving them (ok just a few!) I love any book that can make me feel that way!
The character development was fabulous and had you guessing throughout the chapters.  The ending was unexpected and dramatic.  I read it in two days.
The point of view shifts were confusing at first, but quickly became an interesting approach to the narration style. An interesting mystery thriller.
With the seemingly disjointed structure of its narrative, the story unfolds with rising tension and keeps the reader on his or her toes until the end
I enjoyed the structure of the book.  The story is told through main characters, which gives it an interesting spin and keeps it from getting boring.
I loved the book from the beginning to the end! Very we'll written and very interesting characters. Can't wait to read more books from Paula Hawkins.
A great novel, very well written and full of mystery and intrigue. A wonderful read, you won't be disappointed and, most likely, you'll be surprised!
I loved the book. Didn't like the characters,  but had to know what  happened at the end!  Great story.  Reminded me of how I felt reading Gone Girl.
This one will really hold your attention and surprises as you go.  Took me some time to figure plot and start solving puzzles.<br/>Interesting book.
The book is a Good, easy read, it keeps your interest. The characters keep you guessing! Not exactly a feel good story, but I didn't expect it to be.
I found the story very slow to build and keep my interest. However, once the plot expanded, the story became a quick read. Excellent who did it plot!
Outstanding plot and construction. The characters are cleverly drawn and totally believable. Even the ending was surprising and compelling. Have fun!
A suspenseful murder mystery and an intriguing story of mental instability, self-doubt, addiction and redemption. Loved the strong female characters.
Interesting read! I wondered if it was Tom from the beginning just because he went from being so miserable with Rachael to all of the sudden so happy
This book grabbed my attention and held it. I started it one day and finished it the next. I enjoyed this book much more than Gone Girl. Good read.
Pace of book started off very slow and depressing.  I am glad that I stuck with it because characters became very engaging and ending snuck up on me!
Really good main character was not real smypathetic so was amazed couldnt put down as good  as it gets even rachel was more understandable by the end
Catches your interest from the beginning.  The characters are twisted and the story is a thriller!  Hard to tell which character needs the most help!
Depressing, psychologically, dull diary of a girl that was quite difficult to finish.  Had it started better maybe it could have been a quicker read.
The book was a good easy read. If you like gone girl then you'll enjoy this one. You never except what happens. It keeps you guessing. Enjoy the book
Great book, thought I had it guessed who it was but I was wrong. Loved the writing,story and couldn't wait to finish it. I see a movie in the future.
Nothing special this is just a regular whodunnit. Can be easily read and finished in one boring afternoon. Loose endings for characters such as Scott
We should live better quality lives than this.<br/><br/>They had everything they needed.<br/><br/>They destroyed their lives by choice.  How sad.
I was at first that it was written in first person but it made the story all the more real. My interest was piqued by each person's recall of events.
It came recommended as a book to read on vacation, and it was a great read! I would read it again, and I'm already recommending it to others to read.
A quick read!! Read this book in a little under a week which is quite unusual for me. The book itself though I felt at times could have been shortned
Superb build up of suspense when you realize what really is going on , seen through the eyes of the main victims.<br/>Very good first rate thriller.
A compelling page-turner with a complicated character at the center of the storytelling.  I was an intrigued by this as I was by "Gone Girl."
I thought it was pretty tedious. Could ;not identify with most of the characters though it did manage to provide excitement in the last few chapters.
this is not your ordinary mystery but I loved, loved it.  I would highly recommend reading this book.  you won't be sorry.  full of twists and turns.
The book was very predictable. The characters developed well but the plot left a lt to be desired in my opinion.  No where near as good as Gone Girl.
I initially didn't like the story, Rachel is so pathetic. But that's the point, I enjoyed the way she grew. This story kept me guessing till the end.
Slow build but worth the wait! It keeps you wondering and guessing throughout. A very unique take on the way we see others through our limited views.
Three main characters all have types of mental illness and addictions.  Kind of depressing to read how ill the three women are.  Suspenseful mystery.
Loved this book!  Very suspenseful..keeps you guessing the whole way through.  Best not to start it at night, as I'm betting you'll marathon through!
I was hooked from page one! I loved the intertwined web of dysfunctional characters and the slowly, but expertly unwinding storyline. Excellent read!
A well organized tale of young people making poor choices with their lives and that of casual acquaintances.  You easily recognize the possibilities.
Like a train this book builds up steam and once it gets going it cannot be put down. My first experience with this author but definitely not the last
Really enjoyed this book. Kept me guessing and I liked the main character, Rachel, even though she was SO messed up. Flawed heroines are my favorite.
Great story all the way through to the ending.  Enjoyed the way the author wrote.  Good suspense and didn't really know which direction it was going.
If you're a girl like me who takes the train and want to pass time with purported the book!  It's a page Turner, didn't want my stop to come so soon.
I enjoyed the mystery of this book, but the end ... eh.  It felt a bit rushed & pulled together.  Otherwise, it's a good mystery that entertained me.
A great plot, superb writing, I highly recommend this book.  Hawkins has imagined a first rate thriller, reasonably plausible, impossible to put down
I loved the way this story was told from different perspectives...so suspenseful the whole way through!  I would definitely recommend this to others!
Great great book!  suspenseful....and I love how the author goes back and forth..with the story...and the ending....a real surprise!  good reading...
Read a review in the Chicago Tribune.<br/>I would recommend this book to every friend I have.<br/>Got to think there will be a movie in the future.
Entertaining story - perfect reading for a cruise or the beach or a snowy day. It was a page-turner, and kept me guessing (maybe I'm just gullible!).
This was a good story, very well written.  The book did keep one's interest until the end.  However, the protagonist was sometimes very hard to like.
Soooo good! A bit confusing at first until you get used to the various narrators who contribute to the tale. Fascinating story! A wonderful whodunit!
I read this book because of the reviews I read. It was really a book that I couldn't put down. Kept me guessing until the end. I highly recommend it.
I really didn't like the 1st 3/4 of this book.  The last 1/4 made it worth it and brought everything together.<br/>stick with it.  You will love it.
Really enjoyed this book, read it in less than 24 hours!! Recommend to everyone! I love good mysteries and I didn't figure it out til almost the end.
Pace was slow.  The story was told in the first person for each new chapter so the story moved back and forth.  It detracted from the story a little.
Really enjoyed reading this book. Couldn't put it down,yet am disappointed it's over! I wanted to hug Rachel and wring her neck all at the same time.
An excellent read. Couldn't put it down. Can't wait for Paula Hawkins next book. Would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys  a suspenseful story.
Beautifully worded.  I will look forward to the movie.  A good book which keeps your attention and makes you want to read on.  Believable characters.
It started very slow for me, but wow!<br/>It turned out to be a great story! A lot of it I didn't see coming and I liked that it wasn't predictable.
This was an amazing book.  Started yesterday and finished today.  Could not put it down.  Wonderfully written story and you will not be disappointed.
I loved the way the book went back and forth and you had to keep up. Very well put together, exciting, thrilling, love story all of it exhilarating!
I lost sleep over this book. Couldnt put it down once I got into it. I did take me a little while to get  into it. It was worth the patience though.
For me, this book didn't live up to the hype that surrounded it.  I did enjoy Hawkins' writing style, but the plot twists were somewhat predictable.
Seems that Scott should have been included in ending to show Rachel really did find out how his wife died. Got a little repetitive in middle of book
Brought this on vacation and couldn't stop reading! Many twists and turns in the book by it's characters and they are all woven together in the end.
I had finished reading Gone Girl and was in need of something new. Once I picked the book up it was hard to put down. A great and entertaining read!
Pretty good plot. Little confusing at times with Rachel's memory loss business. Otherwise enjoyed reading this book. Pretty fast moving and twisted.
I don't understand how so many people have loved this book.  I found the characters shallow and annoying and the story line obvious and played out.  As it neared the end of the book and everything just "happened" to fall into place, I couldn't stop rolling my eyes and actually felt insulted that the author assumed the audience to be so obtuse.
If your looking for a great thriller ,this won't disappoint .Nothing was as it seemed,kept me  on my toes until the end. Highly recommend this book!
Loved it. It kept me guessing to the end. Couldn't put it down. Made one realize how addictive alcohol  can be and the terrible consequinces it has.
I found it depressing. The woman was certainly disturbed and out of touch with reality. I'm surprised it's been on the best seller list for so long!
It was good but not great. Dragged in the middle and then seemed to end abruptly. Some parts were cringe worthy but not for reasons one might think.
While I appreciated the storyline and the writing, the constant hopping from one character to another in different time frames was very distracting.
This book was so good!  It was an easy read, ideal for summer.  It was quite suspenseful and left me eager to go back to it each time I put it down!
I struggled to like any of the characters. This book left me hating humanity. And the villain monologue at the end was soooo annoying and over done.
Written to keep you interested.  Just when you thought you figured out the villan it took a different course.  Loved it many late nights reading it.
Character development is not well-done. It is difficult to tell voices apart. No character was developed well enough that I really cared about them.
Great read. Suspenseful and definite page turner. Very entertaining. It makes for a very interesting story. I'll need to read more from this author.
Interesting rotation of first person accounts of key characters all related to primary criminal. Love affair and drama really make this a good read.
Loved the very real lives that the characters portrayed, as if it could have been someone we knew or even ourselves at some dark point in our lives.
You think the story centers on one person's issues, but it's really a who-dunnit mystery. I was so mesmerized that I finished it in less than a day.
I struggled through the book wondering why it's so popular. It is a book for women, in my opinion. The writing wasn't the problem. It was the story.
Could not put it down... I haven't read a book in at least 8 years...this book kept me interested the whole time...so happy a friend recommended it.
This book was a page turner for sure. I loved the mystery and the build up to the climax. The way this book was narrated will keep you on your toes.
Excellent debut novel from Paula Hawkins. Held my interest and I could not put this book down. Will definitely recommend as section for my book club
The characters are interesting and complex and the multiple perspectives keep the reader involved, but slightly off balance, adding to the suspense.
Because I've been taught to be honest about things, here it goes for my review of "The Girl On The Train"  Terrible , terrible and terrible.
It became more interesting as the story went on because it was apparent  that new aspects of the personalities  of the<br/>characters would emerge.
Written from different perspectives, so character development is interesting to follow. Easy read! Made me more sad than scared, but that's just me!
Interesting and unexpected twist at the end. Still, the girl on the train has serious mental issues I was hoping she would get over in<br/>the end.
Good book. I enjoyed this book although it was a bit slow moving in parts. Sad character that you can't help feeling sorry for or give a good shake.
Impossible to put down once you start!  Well told story of different lives intersecting and what motivates people to do bad things.  Fun, easy read.
Loved the format. Characters are well laid out. Great peak into the life of an alcoholic.<br/>Too gloomy though with barely any "normal" character.
Fascinating concept, but confusing in execution. It was difficult to follow the characters and the action. Innovative, but not entirely suspenseful.
Entertaining book.  Very good plot and well written.  However, I tended to get lost with the switching back and forth with the different characters.
Girl on the train had an interesting story line but had a hard time relating to characters. I did like how chapters were written from different POV.
I was hooked on this story from page one....intriguing, scary, gripping.....one of the best thrillers I have ever read...bet it will become a movie!
This was a page turner. I haven't been able to find another book since I finished this one! I miss the characters and the intense plot. A must read!
One of the best books I've read in a very long time.  It surprises you with the end as the tale unfolds.  A wonderful read - I couldn't put it down.
This was a good book - I was just put-off by the main character's mental and drinking problems even though these were central to the main storyline.
A great who done it! Every time you think you know who the killer is, you change your mind, keeping you turning pages in your eagerness to find out.
Well written and worth reading.  Too many social issues going on in one convoluted story.  You have to keep notes to keep track of dates and people!
Wonderful! I could not put it down and kept guessing who did it and changing my mind chapter by chapter. Great setting, plot, character development.
Excellent book, kept my interest from page one.  Well-written and kept me in suspense.  Already recommending it to other family members and friends.
Very slow and depressing.  Would not  want to read another like it.  I did not like Gone Girl either so should never have ordered Girl on the Train.
This is the best book I have read in a very long time, and I read a lot! It caught me from the first page, and kept me up until 2:30 in the morning!
Absolutely Outstanding! I read this book expecting it to be like Gone girl but was I wrong. I could not put this book down until I finished reading it.
It was kind of crazy, but much intrigue, i had to keep reading to figure it  out and see what was going to happen next<br/>I liked it!<br/>Shirley
Hard to put down....great read!  Plot twists and turns throughout the book.  Reminds you of a combination of a mystery & love story rolled into one.
Great book. Written from the perspective of an unreliable narrator which is not unusual, but when done well it's remarkable. This is done very well.
This is a spectacular debut. I'll be reading her next novel. Lots of twists and turns. I won't give away the ending, but I will say it's a surprise.
Super fast, fun, breezy, creepy, novel.<br/>Unusual narrator who will grow on you.<br/>Interesting cast of characters and plot twists.<br/>Enjoy!
Starts slowly but becomes a tense  thriller with twists and turns coming every chapter. First book in years that I stayed up half the night reading!
I was a little hesitant about reading this book.  But it's one of the best books I've read. It made me anxious and nervous and made me crave wine...
Enjoyable, surprisingly entertaining, and increasingly interesting.  Liked the characters, descriptions and sequences.  Not at all what i imagined.
Really enjoyed this book.  It was such a different plot.  The book was recommended to us by our Book Club and everyone in our Book Club enjoyed it.
I enjoyed reading this book it kept my attention and kept me thinking of suspects... Towards the end I knew who it was. Very entertainingertaining.
Quite confusing. Took me a few chapters to realize that it was out of sequence and that there were multiple narrators.  Maybe not worth the effort.
Great quick read, the characters are well developed and the story is well laid out. I love a quick mystery and this one fits that description well.
A fantastic book.  Enjoyed the audible as it made me feel like I was right there watching the story unfold. Hope this one becomes a motion picture!
Enjoyed reading the book.  Definitely a different type of mystery scenario.  Listened to the Audible version; very good.  Lots of twists and turns.
It wasn't bad.  It kept my attention, it's an intriguing story, but I felt in the end it didn't have a lot of depth.  Not a bad pool or beach read.
If you liked Gone Girl, you'll enjoy this book. It's a similar style written with different points of view. A real page turner!  Great summer read!
It was an interesting story. I liked the way each chapter was from each of the characters point of view. It keeps you guessing who did the killing.
Very strange start. I only began to enjoy it as it picked up steam and made more sense as it got into the later half.<br/>More of a 31/2 than a 4.
This story told in first person by several female characters over time so it takes time to weave together the mystery... Well written and original.
I love a book where you think you know the ending and are totally shocked how far off you were.  I hate predictable books, this wasn't one of them.
I like how the reader can see the story from three different characters perspectives.  This was an easy read, and kept my interest the entire time.
"The Girl On The Train" is probably the best book I've read this year. I could not put it down and the ending was such a suprise. Loved it.
It was a great book.  I really enjoyed it.  The characters were all kind of evil and bad, but I could have  never  guessed how it was going to end.
A great book full of suspense. A real page turner! The characters were troubled adults that lost their ways due to lust and  unusual circumstances.
Book starts out confusing but quacking becomes exciting. A great thriller like gone girl! I recommend it to anyone who likes a good murder mystery.
Kept my interest from first page. Interesting characters. Surprises throughout. Great book club selection. Highly recommend. Can't wait to discuss.
Enjoyed and writing perspective, from different views of the same unnerving events. I appreciated the unpredictability of the suspenseful thriller.
Good story that keeps your attention until the surprise ending.  The girl on the train is a very flawed character, whom you really want to succeed.
Well it took about two chapters, and then suddenly I was gripped. Couldn't put it down. Very interesting premise! Great story. Very unique mystery.
Compelling and kept me reading, but I didn't actually like any of the characters, which always leaves me saying "eh" when asked how it was.
This book was so good...sucked me in from the beginning and kept me wondering...finished in two sittings. Can't wait to read more from this author.
I didn't like the main character, a lier and a drunk.  Author does paint a clear picture but if I don't like the characters, I don't like the book.
I enjoyed the book, even though parts of it were truly dark. The ending was a little predictable, but it was fun to see it all play out in the end.
Great reading, couldn't put it down. Definitely pulls you in from the first page, sometimes you lose track of whose who but it all pans out nicely.
Scary, mysterious, troubling. I remember why I don't choose murder mysteries normally. But this novel was gripping for sure and quite well written.
was kind of confusing at first, but finally all came together and did make me want to finish reading the book to find out what happened...Good Read
A very enjoyable read.  Interesting characters who kept surprising me with their thoughts a actions. Plenty of plot twists. One more word required.
Incredibly written- are captured by Rachel.  You hate her, then fall in love with her.  A tale of endurance and self discovery.  It is a must read!
Superb, very well written, great plot and characters. I was engaged from page one and did not see the end twist coming. Highly recommend this book.
Excellent and suspenseful book. Terrific characters and a story that keeps you on the edge of your seat. As good, maybe even better than Gone Girl.
Very disappointing after the big buildup.  Went on too long with too much "anguishing "by all the characters.  It is no "Gone Girl"
Started it and good not put it down, read it in a day and a half!  Characters were so well developed, I could visualize every setting.  Great read!
Pretty good, light reading. Somewhat predictable but enough twists to make you want to finish the book.<br/>Reminded me of Gone Girl in some ways.
This author kept me on the edge of my seat trying to make sense of the entangled lives.  Also provided great insight into the life of an alcoholic.
the book starts slow and if you don't pay attention to the characters you can feel lost... there is very little sex contents and not really violent
It's been a while since I've read a mystery and I enjoyed this one. Quick read and very engaging. Did not love the ending but overall, a good read.
It started off slow at first but I couldn't but it down during the second half of the book.  I did not predict what would happen at the end at all.
Great mystery.  Well developed characters. Suspenseful. Would recommend to any serious reader. Unusual setting and excellent narrative. A must read
Very interesting twist on this book. It had taste of that great story "lost weekend" read it in three days and did not unravel mystery till the end
I loved all the twists and turns in the story .  The author had a interesting way of introducing the characters making the book a real page turner.
I couldn't put it down. I felt totally drawn into  to Rachel's dilemma. I loved the format of the story being told from the 3 different characters.
Sorry, I disliked this as much as I disliked Gone Girl.  I had no sympathy for any of the characters in this story.  Was relieved when it was over.
I don't read mysteries as a rule, but this book kept me spellbound. I stayed nervous and couldn't wait for the next bit of the plot to be revealed.
Very suspenseful and well written with twists and turns. I would recommend this book. I Ickes it as it was on the list of the most 12 books to read
Even though 2/3rds through it became obvious, and even though I had to suspend disbelief, I still continued to read because I couldn't put it down.
Enjoyed it a lot. This one kept me reading!  And guessing!  Quick start, drew me in, and kept me interested to the end.  Would recommend for sure.
Although the main character often came offers too pathetic to stomach, story was well written and kept me reading til the end.  I would recommend.
This book held my interest till the very end. I didn't figure out the plot at all!  This book was awesome !  I woul recconmend this to everyone !!
The protagonist is initially unattractive and slowly you come to her side.  I enjoyed the twists that the story took...don't want to give it away.
A wonderful dive into the psychosis of an estranged divorcee that takes enough turns and twists to keep the reader continuously and fully engaged.
Unputdownable page turner! Loved the concept and the characters were very real. Well written, crisp style. Keeps you guessing for most of the book.
A little slow to start but really good book, I have heard this compared to Gone Girl, I actually liked this one better and I really like Gone Girl
A very exciting book, the author manages to keep the tension up throoughout the book by constantly changing narrrator and with it the perspective.
Slow start but engaging. The desire to continue reading about the sad life of Rachel. When will she get some reprieve and justice. Great suspense.
so disappointed. skipped to the end midway after i'd figured it all out. Comparing this predictable , flat, 'thriller' to Gone Girl is ridiculous.
At first I thought that the story just turned on women who were too self absorbed for my liking, but in spite of that could not put the book down.
I'm not a big reader but I couldn't put this one down! The author grabbed my attention from the beginning and kept it the entire time. Great read!
Great summer read!  Couldn't predict the ending. Nice viewpoints from the characters in the way the chapters divide. Looking forward to the movie.
Good murder mystery, but the writing was not top notch.  The story was told from the point of view of three different women--that was interesting.
Read it in a book club.  You just have to remember to look at the title of the chapters so you know whose perspective you are getting.  Good read.
liked the way the story starts with Rachel, then introduces the other characters. Because she was an alcoholic you couldn't trust her perceptions.
Great story, very well written. Kept me guessing with all the twists and turns until the last 20%. The final chapters seemed a little unrealistic.
The "gimmick" is a back and forth first [person conversation with three main characters.<br/>Not difficult to follow but seems contrived.
Slow tedious reading for 3/4 of the book; however, the ending almost makes up for it.  At least it's a fairly quick read. If a movie, I'd not see.
This is a great summer (or anytime of year) read. It is fast paced, suspenseful and the character are interestingly flawed. I could t put it down.
Great read! Clearly Paula Hawkins spent some time with the outline of the book. Some of my other favorite writers seems to be on autopilot lately.
At first it was slow. I loathed how dramatic the lead was about her own issues at first. But towards the middle and after I could not put it down!
Excellent novel-fast exciting read one sitting experience_reckoned for adults on boring evening when kids have gone to sleep and<br/>Mom is awake
Took a while to understand the flow, but once I did, I could not put it down! First book I have finished in years that actually kept my attention.
Great story line. Love the character development. Every couple of chapters I was convinced there was a new bad guy. Fun, fast paced and thrilling.
Incredible story!  It kept me guessing throughout the whole book!  A Totally unpredictable novel.  Loved it!  Will look for more books by Hawkins.
Clearly a well thought out book with all the right ingredients: suspense, jealously, drama, love, deceit, terror, addiction, and a big fat cheater
Very thrilling and gripping novel, it was hard to put down once I got started.  Would definitely recommend to those interested in suspense novels.
Still not sure about this one; don't read if you are depressed; the book has plenty of characters on the looney side.  Great writing, but strange.
It started off well, but the ending was too manipulative and unbelievable.  I also found the characters to be stereotypical, particularly the men.
The book was well written, however, it was confusing with the timing sequence of events.  The ending was a little disappointing, but not obviousl.
Interesting read but was left with little empathy for the gambit of seriously flawed and mostly unlikeable women characters when s*** hit the fan.
It was a page turner for sure. Although somewhat similar, it was not as well thought out or written as Gone Girl, but I'd definitely recommend it.
One of the best mysteries I have read in years.  Great plot and plot development.  Excellent character development.  Keeps you guessing to the end
Expertly drawn characters and gripping storyline. Accurate depiction of addiction, lying and not letting go. Couldn't stop reading once I started.
Very well written book - I enjoyed it immensely and thought the interweaving of the characters and their lives was very creative and well done!!!!
I bought this book for a friend as a birthday gift. She texted me 2 days after she received it and said it was so good, she could not put it down.
I found myself skimming over paragraphs because it was so boring. I already had it figured out by the middle of the book. Very disappointed in it.
I had high hopes for this novel, since it was compared to Gone Girl. My expectations we not met. It's a decent read, but nothing like I had hoped.
A great mystery. Prepare for a slow start and a very climatic ending. Good character development and some surprises. I highly recommend this book.
I thought this was a great book. Very quick read. The main character is a disaster, but one that is somehow fun to watch. I could not put it down.
Couldn't put it down!  Fantastic storytelling!  A definite must for a summer read but make sure  it's a rainy day and you have nothing else to do!
A book that lived up to its hype. Unique storyline and good writing.  Unpredictable page-turner with empathetic characters who hold your interest.
I can't say that I enjoyed this book, but I couldn't put it down.  I didn't like the characters.  The twists in the plot reminded me of Gone Girl.
Was not easy to follow due to numerous characters and confusing sequence. I like easy read feel good stories.This was not the one for this reader.
An interesting take on a group of connected people almost all of whom have some sort of character flaw. I liked that there was a twist at the end.
Very good read and on the same line as Gone Girl...twists, turns, and surprises. This will keep you guessing, then guessing again overeat and over
Loved the twists and turns and my change of heart as to "who done it" throughout the plot - easy reading with lots of suspenseful moments.
Fabulous writing that sucked me in immediately.  You really got a good sense of each character.  Suspenseful yet not totally surprised at the end.
excellent reading.Couldn't put it down.I usually don't read mysteries but this book was highly recommended by a friend and I was not disappointed.
Took to long for the plot to develop. Started to lose interest in continuing the story but hung on til the end. Did not see how was a best seller!
I was looking for an adventurous quick read for spring break and this book delivered.  I really enjoyed the character development and plot twists.
It was a brutal read from beginning to end.  The author's sensibility is just too vicious for me.  This is the last of her books that I will read.
The story line kept one guessing. It has been a long time that I could not guess the end of the lot.  Characters were well developed. A good read!
Too  long and detailed, but kept reading because it was a good premise . However, interesting characters that keep ypu reading but too strung out.
I really enjoyed this book.  I read it in 48 hours.....could not put it down.  The ending was great, I have already recommended it to my friends!!
Though the book started out a bit confusing I got into the rhythm of the writer and the story took off!  This book had a little bit of everything.
There are so many twists in this story I had no idea who to even suspect had dangerous motives. Great well developed characters and a great story!
Fun who dun it, with a slow start. It's difficult to like any of the characters. It's more of an evolving story of o bunch of sad,troubled people.
There are do many twists in t h e plot that I almost needed a cheat sheet.  The characters are amazingly complicated.  I couldn't stop reading it.
It was well written with wonderful characters. Surprising twist which caught me off guard. I will read more by this author. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Good read; fast paced and keeps you thinking.  Would recommend this book for people who are into mysteries and who-done-it novels...fun, fun, fun!
Keeps you turning the pages!!! I cannot wait to read the next novel! Excellent character development throughout the book. Keeps your heart racing!
Enjoyed the book.  People should know before starting it to look at the light type on the top of certain paragraphs that indicates who is talking.
A great read.  I did not see the ending coming until the very end of the story.  One of those books you just want to keep reading until it's done.
A great mystery. First the reader has no idea who did it, and then we do and get to watch two female characters wander into the killer's clutches.
Great book.  Sucks you in and you don't want to put it down.  I was disappointed by the ending though.  It was "convenient" and weak, IMO.
I really like this novel. The twists and turns of the plot kept me guessing about "who done it." A good read by the fireplace or on a sunny beach.
Enough twists in the plot to make you want to keep reading with a few red herrings to keep you guessing. At times gritty and disturbing. Recommend
Very very good book.  Really held me. Good characters. Good story. Some surprises. Good book club selection.nDefinitely a book I would recommend .
A better novel than Gone Girl! One can read it at a single sitting. Cudoes to author for such a riveting first novel Look forward to the next one.
Loved this book.  Kept you guessing till the very end and had a very satisfying conclusion. I highly recommend it to all mystery lovers out there!
Good read plot was excellent. Similar to Gone Girl but more twist and turns to the plot. Don't like having to Erie a review should be ones choice!
Paula Hawkins is a star. The story is complex and often surprising. Looking forward to her future offerings. Treat yourself to this terrific read.
This is a great book! It sucked me in from the beginning and threw such a curve ball at the end!! This is a book I could read over and over again!
Riveting. Unpredictable. Well-written. For me, this book has every quality I seek in a "good read." I loved it, from page one to page end.
Riveting. You don't like the main character but you sympathize. Really makes you think and keeps you turning the pages. Didn't see the end coming.
If you liked 'Gone Girl', you will enjoy this story 100x more!!<br/>Great writing. Edge of your seat.<br/>Could not put it done till I finished.
Great reading during a snowstorm.<br/><br/>Fast, well written, interesting lead character and a unique twist on being helplessly out of control.
Great book. Page turner I could not put down. Great characters and very creative plot. Flashbacks among multiple characters worked well. Loved it.
One of the best characterization of an alcoholic mind that I have ever read . It is hard to say that I enjoyed the book but I couldn't put it down
An amazing book that couldn't be put down!! Reminded me of the early Hitchcock thrillers with a twisted ending!! We need more of these thrillers!!
Comfortable pace with tension and suspense. I developed a fondness for the characters ... so flawed and forgiving. Sit down and enjoy a good read.
A page turner that you are torn between finishing and relishing!  Great characterization that continues to evolve and surprise until the very end.
Thought this book was very boring.  Read it all, but it took forever for it to get interesting, but I could have stopped reading it at any point.
I have to like the main character in a book.  Flaws are ok, but I didn't find anything to like about this girl.  Almost didn't finish reading it.
I found it hard to follow at first as she is having trouble with reality...this unfolds around the middle of the book and the ending was amazing.
Definitely a good read!  Even though there was a few weak spots, all in all I would recommend this book.  It kept me reading way past my bedtime.
It was very slow. I kept waiting for it to get interesting, but I think the build-up was too intense for the not so interesting change of events.
I wish I would have paid better attention to the dates at beginning of each chapter.  I did about half way through.<br/>Enjoyed it. Entertaining
Rather than writing a review I will say that I would not read the book again. It's like a shallow wine with very little aftertaste on the pallet.
A novel you will not be able to put down until complete! Then, you will be thinking about it for days. A great novel for a book group discussion!
A very interesting look into the feminine psyche written around a good story plot and a craftily arranged delivery.<br/>I could not put it down!
It started a little slow, but still held my interest. The story really picked up about 1/3 of the way in and had some nice twists toward the end.
I'm not typically one of those people who cannot put a book down, but I could not put this book down. Great, intriguing read! Highly recommended.
I loved how this book,was written from three different characters perspectives. It was suspenseful and grasped my attention right from the start!
I thought the book was pretty predictable, was still well written.  It was a quick, easy read which would be perfect for a vacation or long trip.
I read this book rather slowly and got the characters mixed up.  It would be a good idea to read it every day.<br/>The end was very interesting.
Excellent read. Definitely recommend! Suspenseful and very well written. Many unexpected twists and turns. Paula Hawkins is a great story teller.
Loved everything about this book and story.  Characters are amazing.  Writing is excellent.  Felt like I was watching the whole thing, in person.
Well written, fast paced and suspenseful. Great read. Just enough characters, holds your interest until the very end. Will make a wonderful movie
Great psychological thriller!  Great characters!  Several curve balls that keep you engaged.  Very descriptive writing, it was a good summer read
Engrossing to the end.  Had no idea who the culprit was up until the last couple of chapters.  Couldn't help feeing sorry for the flawed heroine.
The story unspools convincingly, and it keeps you hooked. The characters are realistic, and I genuinely did not know where the story was heading.
Very good interesting story. Lags a little in the middle and I skipped through some but it picked up again and had a great finish. Worth reading.
This has to be one of the best books I've read in ages.  Well written and somewhat different.  Good character descriptions and not at all boring.
What an ending! Imaginative, filled with fantasy and more than a touch of horror. The characters struggle to escape the web which imprisons them.
I started reading this book at 4 today and couldn't put it down. Finished at 8:53. Highly recommended. Kept me in suspense the whole way through.
Twisting and turning causing the reader to keep imagining what had really happened.  Riveting read from beginning to end. Totally enjoyable read!
I couldn't put it down. Had to find out who was more crazy, who's truth was real, and most of all, who-done-it. This book is a great, quick read.
I couldn't put it down and I have a toddler who made it hard fir me. I recommend this to anyone who has the time to sit and read the whole thing.
Very different book. Think I read on just to figure it out. Somewhat of a surprise ending. Thinking the hours spent reading were a waste of time.
Loved it!  Kept the suspense going until the last minute.  There were many twists and evolution of some of the characters.  Thoroughly enjoyable.
I loved this book. High suspense. Very good read. A little scary to think that men behave this badly. Live my husband even more after reading it.
Could barely stop reading this one.  Different and intriguing lyrics sad.  Well done.  The train aspect was particularly intriguing to the story.
A great book! Right up there with Gone Girl. Love the way the book was written with each character telling part of the story. A real page turner!
The characters were not developed as  well as I like, especially the "mother."  I enjoyed the book; I was surprised by the abrupt ending.
The main character is too pathetic for words and so are the others.  A sloppy drunk earns no empathy. Writing did not measure up to my standards.
Ms Hawkins managed to keep the secret from me until she chose to reveal it near the end of the book.  That's one of the signs of a good thriller.
Interesting tale told from the perspective of 3 women whose lives are intertwined. Examines the connection between the observer and the observed.
Although it kept me going,, it was a hard book to follow. The dates were all intertwined and the women characters jumped back and forth too much.
Figured it out by half way through but the build up through the book to the finale was good, one of those books where your not happy its finished
I couldn't put it down. Great story about alcoholism and it's devastating effects from different points of view. A great novel for mature adults.
This was the most repetitive boring book about a drunk women in a mixed up relationship with several men.  Very overrated and a waste of my time.
I would recommend this book, it has many twists and turns that you never see coming. You will be on the edge of your seat and sad when it's over.
Great book.  Creatively written. I liked how we got the perspective of three different women whose lives are tied together by the commuter train.
Terrific read. Nice twists. Well developed plot. A page turner! It captures you from the start and next thing you know.... You can't put it down.
I love stories with unreliable narrators, and this book has you second guessing every point of view. The ending was unpredictable and satisfying.
Interesting story with a great plot  and fascinating characters. Love how the author brings people together who were enemies!!  Easy read! Enjoy!
Interesting but the beginning was too drawn out for me.  Psychological thriller?  It was not for me - had it figured out by 3/4 through the book!
Kept my interest with how the characters intertwined.  Basic mystery/ love story.<br/>Would definitely recommend this book to both men and women
Not as good as I expected.  Certainly not one of the best mysteries!  I didn't like the heroine very much & figured out the killer in the middle.
It reminds me of a daytime tv show. Lying, cheating, drinking, and mysterious pasts. Good character development. Easy read and I would recommend.
Intriguingly crafted story.  Well paced with alternating narratives.  Keeps you guessing and interested the whole way through.  I'd recommend it.
An interesting story .....but all the characters were disfunctional. I would have liked a little relief from these troubled souls.<br/><br/>MKC
Great book.  Unusual character(s) but this added to the suspense.  Never guessed who done it until the end!  Stayed up until 2:00 a.m. to finish.
Very interesting ending. Many plot twists  I am glad I read it  Everything in the beginning of the story turned out different as the book evolved
My Book Club met last evening to discuss this book and everyone rated it 9+ or better. This doesn't always happen so it<br/>must be really good.
Great read. Kept you in suspense without giving it away. Hope the next book is as good as this one. I even liked it so much better than Gone Girl
This book was well done. Unexpected, suspenseful, dramatic - I enjoyed every word. I found myself oddly sympathetic to these sadly damaged souls.
This story captivates you from the very beginning. Very good writing. You won't believe what is about to unfold in this book. HIGHLY Recommended.
One of the best books I've read for a while. Great twisting plot. Hard to put down and keeps you guessing!  Fast read and interesting sequencing.
Had a difficult time getting started, but I persevered and found the book well worth it. It turned out to be a great read. I highly recommend it.
Great story with lots of complex emotional content as well as a plot that stands up well. Characters were very real and their emotions well felt.
Lots of suspense throughout. Good character development. This was my first book by this author. Now I want more!! Definitely would recommend it!!
Very engaging right from the beginning to the end. I could not put it down. It's been awhile since I read a book that I just.did not.want to end.
It was pretty good.  It was hard to follow the characters and it took a while to get into it. It did keep me engaged once I got a little into it.
Ifyouve read it you'll guess the twist endogenous 2/3 thorough....meh still ok, but not as much a rear window thriller as retelling of gone girl.
Everyone is saying this is the next Gone Girl. I wasn't that impressed though I liked the sad main character. I wanted to be blown away-I wasn't.
This was a very quick read, and exciting throughout.  The characters are engaging and well developed.  Good ratings from everyone in my bookclub.
I enjoyed the different perspectives. The book kept my interest, right from the start. Even though Rachel was a screwup, I still cared about her.
Gripping, intense, I didn't want to put the book down! One minute you think you know what is going on, until you realize you were completely off.
It starts out a little slow, but picks up its pace almost grudgingly when all the stories start piece together.  Do we really know who anyone is?
The comparisons to Gone Girl are warranted-- an edge of your seat story with characters you alternately loathe and love. I finished it in 2 days.
Great mystery, suspense. Entertaining story, and even though none of the characters is particularly likable, they are well drawn and interesting.
I love the premise of this book: A woman observes a young couple from her train as it passes from a far-flung suburb of London into town. She believes to be the perfect couple, and they represent a fantasy for her that she wonders if she'll ever experience. Turns out she had an outwardly nice life, on that very same street, but that's all in the past--divorced, alcoholic, unemployed. When she finds out the woman in the house is missing, she becomes determined (obsessed) with finding out what really happened and why. There's a very Hitchcock-ian tilt to the theme, but the main character's unbalanced state muddles more than it illuminates. Quite a well written book, but not as strong a plot as I wanted. I finished it, and there was some urgency to the narrative, but the pull of it didn't linger.
Wow! These characters are so real, depressed, and depressing, deceitful and blatantly honest. Rachel, the alcoholic; Tom, her cheating ex-husband; Anna, his alarmist new wife; Megan, Tom & Anna's restless neighbor & nanny; and Scott, her jealous husband.<br/>Told from Rachel's, Megan's, and Anna's points of view, this suspense will keep you up all night.<br/>Rachel is dangerously determined to solve a crime while yo-yoing on and off the wagon. Megan's restlessness makes the reader feel like crawling out of her/his own skin. Is Rachel a danger to Anna's new family? Anna thinks so.<br/>No spoilers here. Many plot twists and full-out surprises, this is a must-read. Five stars for love-to-hate characters and ugly reality. A gut-wrenching book that is more realistic than we would like to admit.
It was a quick read..... the only thing I didn't like was the end was predictable a little too early.
Enjoyed the book and it was hard to put down at times.  I thought the characters were well defined and believable.  I would recommend this book.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat throughout my entire flight. I ended up finishing it all in one seating because I couldn't put it down.
It has been so long since I read it, i've sort of forgotten a lot of details. Suffice it to say, it was a great book and I enjoyed it very much.
This book kept me guessing the entire time. The characters were well written and the plot was very juicy. I recommended it to all of my friends!
It's a pleasant domestic crime novel. Many suburban commuters will identify with the character settings but hopefully not the sequnce of events.
Paul Hawkins kept me intrigued.  The story line was just a tad difficult to keep straight with all the characters and the alternating narrators.
This book was thrilling and so cleverly written....I loved it! The characters were well developed and complex but also very real and believable.
I found the author's writing techniques very unusual and most engaging.  I can readily see why the book was on the best seller list for so long.
Sorry - everyone I know loved this book. I did not. I found it predictable except for the hastily-applied ending. (Not to mention depressing...)
Good story - a little drawn out. Makes you feel sorry for the main character Rachel.<br/>Easy reading - good setting but again a bit drawn out.
Well written with the plot changing between different characters - all flawed but interesting and complex.  Kept me guessing until the very end.
It's a slow, depressing beginning, however it picks up and is wonderfully convoluted.  Also sports a suprise ending.  I plan to re-read it soon!
I really liked this book! It was a pretty easy read, but captivating and thought-provoking - very "Gone Girl"-esque. Highly recommended.
A great book!  It kept me in suspense, and I found myself thinking about it, at times when I wasn't able to read.  I didn't want it to end......
I thought this was a great read. I loved the way the author had me shifting the blame on the different characters. Can't wait for her next book.
This book was chosen for our monthly book club read and I was not disappointed. I could not put it down. I would definitely recommend this book.
Good plot twist, interesting characters, suspenseful. Reminiscent of Gone Girl, lots going on behind the scenes. Great debut novel, recommended!
After enduring Girl Gone, there areonce again  too many crazy people to work through and endure before the final resolution of the twisted plot.
Loved this book. I hadn't planned on reading it, but a relative recommended it. I'm glad she did. It was well written and a very enjoyable read.
Highly recommend to all those who love a great mystery, I kept wondering how it would end.  I won't spoil it for anyone by giving anything away.
I read this straight through in one sitting.  The different narrators, the overlapping stories, the questions all kept me going.  Satisfying😃😃
Couldn't guess how this was going to end. Refreshing mystery. Really enjoyed ending. Haven't read anything similar. Great book beginning to end.
Took a long time for for the story to evolve and struggled to hold my interest. Took me a couple of weeks to finish instead of a couple of days.
It took me a while to get into this book, but once I did I couldn't put it down. I was definitely surprised at the ending.  I enjoyed this read.
Hard to put down!  Very suspenseful.  Somewhat difficult to keep the three main female characters straight, however.  That is my only complaint.
Much better than I thought it might be.  I suggest if you like a little suspense, sadness and travesty with minimal joy it may be right for you!
Well written but characters not likeable to feel sympathetic.  Sort of a Gone Girl flavor, although much different story line. A fast easy read.
Great characters, mystery, drama,  suspense, thrilling. Just what you look for in a fast paced novel. Hope someone picks it up for a movie soon!
What a great book! I never wanted it to end. As I pictured all these crazy scenarios in how it would end, nothing prepared me for that ending!!!
The main character is really unlikable and so are most of the supporting characters! It is an "ok" read but Gone Girl is so much better.
I really tried to like this book. I found the characters to be annoying.  I rarely leave a book half way through, so slogged to the end of this.
It was so enjoyable to immerse myself in this story! The main character with her alcohol fueled blackouts made for a fascinating and sad witness
I loved the character development and the inner monologues. Great story and great writing. Only wish there were more redeeming men in the story.
This was one of the better books I have read lately.  Constantly had you guessing to the very end.  Very well written and extremely interesting.
I didn't like any of the characters. Couldn't sympathize with any. Almost stopped reading it several times. Finally read through to see who won.
Page turner. Good psychological thrills, characterisations and plot, if a little bloody.<br/>Would definitely recommend this book to my friends
The Girl on the Train was a entertaining read.  Some people in my book club figured it out, but I didn't!  I loved reading about this character.
I have not yet completed the novel, but find its a very interesting story.  It's hard to put down, so be prepared to stay up late.  A good read.
This story was so well told I couldn't begin to guess the ending up until it actually happened!  Don't miss the chance to read this page-turner!
I couldn't put it down.... Very interesting book, I definitely recommend that you read this.... If you liked Gone Girl, you will love this book.
Not my usual pick, but a good read! I couldn't put it down after I was half way through, and I always love a book that surprises me in the end!!
Great, enjoyable summer read! Creative construction of the same story from the viewpoints of three different women makes the book very engaging.
Haven't enjoyed a book this much in a while.  Well written.  Liked the format of each person telling their story. Kept me drawn in till the end.
It kept my interest throughout the whole story and I didn't seem to get enough of it. Great book! It makes me want to read more from this author
I couldn't put the book down, it captures you attention from the beginning and just keeps the reader engaged as the plot unfolds. Very gripping!
I enjoyed this book immensely!  It was suspenseful, interesting, and written with good character studies.  I definitely would<br/>recommend it.
I like how the book is set up as each character's point of view. Good mystery and suspenseful novel. Read this book in 2 days. Really good book.
Could not put it down! Has you guessing from the beginning and it's not until you get to know each character you can figure it out. Really good!
Good book, twisted enough to keep the reader wondering.  Needs better chapter headings for e-books.  Will check for other novels by this author.
Ala"Gone Girl", kept me interested throughout. Great twists and turns.  Exposing our seamy undersides and unfortunate female lack of confidence.
Great plot twist.  Page turner. Much like "Gone Girl"<br/>There were references that were foreign to me, but it wasn't hard to pick up.
I finished this book in two days and it has left me with the unmistakable void only a truly good book can. I envy anyone who hasn't read it yet.
A great weekend read. Exciting and keeping you guessing.  I have one issue with the use of pronouns, in certain chapters they betray the author.
Good thriller/mystery. I liked the writing in that you learned 3 women's perspective of the events<br/>Quick easy read that you get sucked into
If it makes you angry to have women so ruled by emotion, love, you would probably feel contempt for the "ruler" and the "ruled."
Couldn't put this book down. It continues to speed up from the beginning. Loved the three person story telling. Recommend this book to everyone.
Interesting turn of events. Definitely keeps your interest and the story keeps moving along quickly. I recommend this book for pleasure reading.
Did not even complete the book.  Too many sentences began with "I". Might try to finish it someday as so many people evidently liked it.
This book is an easy read. Finished quickly, couldn't put it down. The end has a nice twist. It's a quick read with an unexpected ending. Enjoy!
Interesting story of intertwining lives all coming to a head with a decent surprise at the end. I would seek Paula Hawkins novels in the future.
Very good book.  Hard to follow at times because it moves back and forth through the experiiences of three women and how their lives intertwine.
I thought this was such a great book. I could not put it down! I would recommend this book to people looking for an exhilarating and quick read!
Kept me on the edge of my seat...I just wish I had paid more attention to the dates and times reported with each new section from the beginning!
Grabbed me from the start. Left me hanging half-way through. Too many red herrings. No real resolution for many of the characters. Skip this one - the movie is actually better than the book.
I LOVED this book.  Never wanted to put it down.  I thought the way it was written was so interesting.  I'm looking forward to reading it again.
I loved this book, people that compared it to Gone Girl, I feel were mistaken. This is different and you will not want to put it down! Read it!!
I couldn't put this book down...it definitely left me wanting more. It's a beautifully intricate story that will surely surprise you at the end.
Slow start but gets more involved as the story goes on.  Some confusion as the book jumps from character to character.  All in all, a good read.
This book was slow in the beginning, but once the story started it took off. Rachel was hard to like in the beginning. Stick with it to the end.
Interesting story and a good read. The description of an alcoholic is quite accurate and it brings a further dimension to the book. Recommended!
Not her best book. I stayed with it because I wanted to find out how it ended. I did not know there were so many dysfunctional people out there.
Slow, confusing first half. Too much time spent setting the stage for the ending. Easy to lose the characters in the revolving door of the plot.
Along the lines of Gone Girl, but I liked this one better.  Makes you think if you are reading and remembering clearly, like the main character.
Slow at first but so wonderful. Love, perception, what we desire  versus what we deserve mixed with how we (sometimes wrongfully) see ourselves.
Keeps you guessing!<br/>The Girl on the Train was not one of the best books ever written, but made for a great easy read. Perfect for vacation,
Very good book!  There were times I thought the main character was just plain crazy.  But as the story unfolds we find out she was a victim too.
Enjoyable book right up there with James Patterson' s books. Keeps you guessing who the Villian is. Recommended if you like suspense<br/>books.
Not particularly well written. No big surprises, well one possible at the end...not to ruin for you...if you get that far with this whiny woman.
Loved this exciting story.  Lots of twists and turns, romance and deception.  All my reading friends are reading this book and talking about it.
Well crafted novel transecting events in the book from multiple perspectives.  Hawkins does excellent job on character development.  A good read
Could not put this book down. A really true page turner. I didn't know Rachel was going to be an alcoholic. But the twists and turns were great.
Very good British thriller filled with surprises and turnarounds.  Recommend to all women because these things could easily happen to all of us.
CERTAINLY HELD MY INTEREST RIGHT TO THE END.  I FOUND IT A BIT CONFUSING AND WILL PROBABLY WILL NOT ACTIVELY SEEK ANOTHER BOOK BY PAULA HAWKINS.
Enjoyed very much...loved the ending...make sure you have enough time to finish the quarter of the book because you won't be able to put it down
well written- very unusual style, a lot in the 3rd person. liked it . a quick read. great characture  development.  I would recommend this novel
It was a good read,a bit confusing with the switching back and forth kept my interest to yThe end! Look forward to reading more by Paula Hawkins
This murder mystery is hard to put down...every chapter uncovers a few more layers until you are hooked and have to find out who did it and why.
I would highly recommend it to those who like a good mystery and are willing to be frustrated, shocked, and hopeful for each character's future.
Well written; an absorbing, captivating novel.  A voyeur's observations from a train, reminiscent of the classic Hitchcock movie, "Rear Window."
I can't decide if I really liked this book or not. I kept reading just to find out the who and why, but found it hard to like any of the people.
This book is fabulous.  A little slow at the beginning, but it picks up.  AND, I didn't see the end coming like so many other books.  I love it.
I found the writing elegant but the back and forth between the stories of Rachel, Anna and Megan was unnecessarily complex and often repetitive.
I really enjoyed this book. I had no idea where it was headed. Definitely a book I'd reread. I'm looking forward to more books from this author.
Suspenseful book, loved it from the first page till the last, definitely recommend reading it! Once you start reading it, you can't put it down.
Brilliant and fast paced. Elements of societal struggles including alcoholism and mental illness. This is a one day, can't put down page turner.
The Girl on the Train was never dull. It usually takes me several days to finish a book. This one took a day and a half. I couldn't put it down!
Slightly predictable and slow to get going but a page turner by the end. Worth a read but don't drop what you're currently reading for this one.
Interesting story.  Starts out on a very depressing theme, but then becomes more complicated.  I am an avid reader and I do recommend this book.
The best mystery I've read in years. Told from multiple points of view, with a very flawed protagonist, and some really quirky plot twists. WOW!
Suburban wives of England. Restless, cheaters, drinkers, each with a secret.  Same stuff, different book. A who done it for the bored alcoholic.
I was hooked from the very first page. I recommended it to people before I was half way through. Everyone I have told to read it has thanked me.
I'd give it a 3 1/2 cause even though it was psychologically thrilling it was kind of obvious after a bit cause there weren't enough characters.
Good descriptions.Made me want to keep reading to find out what was going to happen, although I had basically figured it out. A compelling read.
I love trains and thought this would just take me back in time.  However, this was a grizzly story of a crazy girl, I thought.  I was surprised.
A flawed main character who struggles to find out if she has committed a crime and the switch in narratives kept me reading late into the night!
Great read.  If you liked Gone Girl, this novel doesn't disappoint.  Like a fast moving train this book developed nicely and left me breathless.
Well written.  Keeps your attention throughout the book.  I couldn't put it down and it was a mystery right up until the end.  A very good read.
I couldn't put this book down, it kept me up late every night reading. It will Keep you on the edge of your seat trying to guess who did it up to the very end!
Reminded me of Gone Girl.  Excellent read. Complex, with interesting character development. Very well written and kept me guessing till the end.
Like the train chugging along,mother story keeps readers moving toward an end, unable to stop, to put the hook town until the final destination.
Loved this book!… not once was I bored reading this!  Could  not put this down... I read the entire novel in 3 days. Highly recommend this book.
I really enjoyed this book . A very easy read and  I liked the authors way of telling a story and would definitely buy more books by this author
Well written suspense novel. The reader sympathizes with main character who is an alcoholic. The story reminds me of Rear Window from Hitchcock.
Twists and turns, the plot is revealed a little at a time. The main character is an alcoholic. Her trials and difficulties move the story along.
Well written in the three voices of the women whose stories are in twined.  An interesting who did it that keeps you guessing till the very end.
This story was so good I couldn't put it down. It can't even compare with Gone Girl, so much better! This should be made into a movie, loved it!
The characters are revealed in such a mysterious way. You start reading and the next thing you know hours have gone by. This is a real thriller.
This novel lulls you to sleep before suddenly turning into a true page-turner! An excellent read and highly deserving of its' praise from others
Loved getting to know Rachel. She is a complex character and her story keeps you intrigued. Recommended for those who like mystery and suspense.
Finally gave it up, couldn't even finish it.  It seemed weird and disfunctional. She was definitely mentally challenged.  Not pleasant reading.
Sounded so much better than it was. I literally forced myself through it (still not sure why I persisted). Repetitive to the point of dullness.
Well-written, gripping and a really great book that is far better than Gone Girl. I can't imagine a better contemporary psychological thriller.
a very thrilling read. Truly had me in suspense up to the last few chapters. A realistic insight to effects of alcoholism mixed with a mystery.
Just did not enjoy the presentation or storyline.  Does not mean it is not well written book, just one that i personally did not "get".
Its good but can be very depressive in places. I found those passages hard to wade through. but the concept was very good and the writing also.
Page turner, couldn't stop reading!  Loved the chapters and different perspectives throughout the whole book.  I would definitely recommend it.
Not a bad read at all, though the outcome wasn't really such a huge surprise! Still, a good summer read and not sorry I spent the time with it!
It's hard to find a likable character in this book. I never found myself rooting for the protagonist, or any of the characters for that matter.
Such a good novel! Had me hooked from the first chapter !!!!very suspenseful and kept me guessing the whole time, never wanting to put it down!
Good book, similar to Gone Girl in the way it was written (each chapter a different character).  Suspenseful, easy read with a  twisted ending.
Loved this book.  The suspense was thrilling and I couldn't put the book down.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good mystery.
Quite a different story.  Enjoyed this and had to read late at night couldn't put it down.  It seemed a little slow at first but was VERY GOOD.
The first third was well paced and interesting, the second was a variation of the first and once we knew "who done it" it became silly.
An ex-wife, the wife, a neighbor, past wrongs, alcoholism, emotional abuse, murder.  Quite the twisted, suspenseful plot.  A great who-done-it.
Innovative approach, as the plot unfolds and we get to see into the-often-dark and uncertain lives of the many characters. Well worth the read.
Tightly written page-turner, with a new look into middle-class English life. Not, it turns out, so very different from our own. Excellent read.
A dark, noir, depressing read. Yes- as the reviews suggest, it is a well-written book but this book was not, in any manner, a form of escapism.
I'm a huge fan of stories that keep you guessing. This one did not let me down. Highly recommended to anyone who likes a good mystery/thriller.
This is a fantastic story and very well written.  The characters are richly created, compelling, and believable.  I highly recommend this book.
I hope I never end up like the characters in this book! The author must have some insights into alcoholism, terrible marriages and psychopaths.
Starts out dull mundane monotonous with little plot.  More mysterious toward the end.  One could easily leave it 1/2 way through.  Average read
If you liked Gone Girl or Luckiest Girl Ever then you will like the suspense and drama of this. Great story, I had a hard time putting it down.
It is a little confusing - you have to keep track of dates and who is who.  I think if a person is a slow reader it would be easier to follow..
Wonderful writing! Suspenseful, lots of interesting twists and turns to keep reader from putting book down. enchanting mystery, don't miss out.
Not  my favorite. i don't know why it has been on the bestseller list for as long as it has been.  It was a struggle for me to finish the book.
The book dragged at times but the development of the characters came together in the end and the time spent reading the book was well worth it.
Think Hitchcock meets Gone a Girl/Flynn. Page turner. Super fast and interesting read. Excited to see it on the screen but read the book first.
After reading it, I refer to it as "Gone Girl on the Train." I thought it was very interesting and full of unexpected twists and turns.
Unlike some of the other reviewers, I liked Rachel.  She was kind of messed up, but I could identify with that.  A suspenseful, enjoyable read.
'The Girl on the Train' had me from start to finish!  I don't often give anything 5 stars unless deserving.....this book deserves 5 stars plus!
Very interesting story line This author really brings out peoples judgemental nature and how it all influences their perspectives and responses
Extraordinary writing and the characters were mesmerizing and truly flawed ham beings. I wasn't really sure who the murderer was until the end.
This is a gripping book with  many twists and turns to keep you hooked until the end.  The author did a great job of developing the characters.
The girl on the plane read 'The Girl on the Train' and was so engrossed she had to be asked to leave the plane when the cleaners came on board.
I guess in spite of the great reviews this is just not my favorite read. I found it quite depressing and was disappointed with the entire book.
Starts as a chick flick, then shows out as down and dirty drama.<br/>so different from other normal style of explaining real life.just buy it.
I loved the story line. Didn't really become attached to the protagonists. The last of the book was hard to put down and the ending haunted me.
Good book with a compelling story line. I only gave it four stars because I am strict grammatically, so the comma splices rather distracted me.
Loved the book written in different characters points and the  flashbacks.  Left me wanting to continue reading thru each next turn of the page
This author has a beautiful ability to string words together that draw you in and hold you until the end. I was sorry to turn the last page...,
Loved this book. All the characters are so messed up you can't tell who's the "bad guy" for quite a while. A quick and engrossing read.
Definitely keeps you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. Highly recommend this book. Well written and almost impossible to put down.
I really, really liked this book! It reminded me of Gone Girl but was still different. I read it quickly because I couldn't hardly put it down.
Disapointed in this book. It was the same thing over and over It had possibilities but fell flat of what it could have been.  No depth to it!!!
So intriguing!  I could not put it down.  All of the characters were so interesting. Great read!!!!!! I love her writing style as well. Amazing
I absolutely loved this book...you have to be careful and diligent about reading which character each chapter is about...Fast, compelling read.
Strong writing unique story teller,  often gripping. Second half hard to put down. Hawkins has a great talent. Will be a best seller for years.
Finally, a book that grabs your from the beginning. Emotionally honest and fast paced. I enjoyed the flawed characters first person narratives.
Entertaining 3-day summer fiction read. Starts a bit slow, but builds to a satisfying finish. As our book club selection, it didn't disappoint.
Suspenseful, well-written, thriller with characters well developed. Hawkins does a masterful job of telling her story of the girl on the train.
I borrowed this Kindle copy from my sister. Very good story! Poor Rachel! Her life was so depressing! This is definitely going on my Favs list.
Though I felt the ending unraveled a bit too quickly, I LOVED this book. The flawed protagonist, the multi-POVs... It all really worked for me!
Initially the storyline started off slow but it didn't take long for it to captivate the reader.  I couldn't put it down.  Well worth the read!
Although I enjoyed this book, it did "drag" a bit. However, the last half was a "page turner". The ending was a total surprise.
This book was an easy entertaining page turner. The female characters were all different and interesting, the London setting was a nice change.
It was a good book. Thought it was going to really take a while to figure out what was going on, but unfortunately it didn't. Still a fun read.
This is a well crafted thriller told from three points of view, unravelling brilliantly. I couldn't put it down. I can't wait to read it again.
I enjoyed the thrill of guessing just who the crazy one was. It was easy to see "who done it" near the end, but it was still a good story line.
Highly engaging novel . Very insightful look into failed relationships alcoholism and depression. I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
No spoilers here, but I will tell you that you won't be disappointed.  It's an exciting page turner that you will finish completely satisfied!!
The author keepers you guessing and the fog of alcoholism makes everything questionable. Lots of twists and turns to keep you turning the page.
Mildly interesting.  It was hard to care about the shallow, flawed characters.  Character development was sacrificed for "twisty" plot.
This book was recommended by a friend.  Not my usual read...but I thought it was well written and pulled me in.  An interesting ending as well.
A great fast paced psychological thriller. Enjoyed the multiple perspectives of character views as well as the development of possible villians
This book was great!  Be sure to pay attention early on to the dates of each chapter.  I was reading on my Kindle where it's a pain to go back.
Unique narrative technique maximizes the suspense and intrigue of this murder mystery while capturing the internal struggle of the protagonist.
Epic fail Amazon I'm sitting in the airport trying to purchase this item for audible and you have made it way too difficult to accomplish this.
Enjoyed this book and the clever twists and turns that made it unclear "who done it." Recommend it and see a movie easily being made from this.
Frankly, pretty depressing, but well written and intriguing. Anyone having dealt with an alcoholic family member will surely relate to Rachael.
Like a good shiver? This is a fast read with lots of goosebumps. Sure makes you question what is missed as you speed down the highways of life!
Why this book is a best seller I'll never know!  Boring!  Boring!!  Boring!!!  Finsihed it for my book club meeting and voted it a "C".
About 3/4 of the way into the book you figure out who is the killer and just wonder how it will end.  The characters could be better developed.
amazing twist to this book. reminds the reader that just seeing people from the outside looking in is never a good way to assess anyone's life.
Could not put this book down, very clever character development- leaves you continuously guessing who are the bad guys and who are the victims.
Had me hooked from the beginning.  Easy comfortable read.  Good characters.  This was one of our book club choices.  So glad we added this one.
Great suspenseful novel. A book I've already recommended to many. Goes back and forth between dates but after a while you figure it out. Enjoy!
Maybe not great literature, but well written story that<br/>hooks you from the beginning and keeps you guessing until the end.<br/>Easy read.
This was a decent read. I kind of predicted the ending about 3/4s of the way through the book. Even though I figured it out I still enjoyed it.
I had to re read the first few chapters because I was confused. After re reading it all was perfectly clear!  Excellent story and written well.
I loved the book.  it had so many unexzpected things happen.  I thought the characters were will developed.  reminded me a little of Gone Girl.
Couldn't put it down!!! Narrations were a unique and different writing style..kept you totally enthralled and immersed..definitely a must read.
Loved it!!! I was hooked from the beginning. Twists and turns and surprises all throughout the story. You feel for the characters. Great story!
Devoured is exactly the right word for what I did. Read it on a transatlantic flight - thank God I had it to distract from the cramped seating.
Great book!  Depressing (sort of), but very good. Will definitely recommend this book to everyone I know!  Kept me guessing until the very end.
Not a favorite. I kept waiting for it to pick up. I wanted to quit reading it, but kept at it. It finally got "good" at the last third.
Read this based on the high reviews.  It was a struggle to get through.  Found the main character repetitive and annoying.  Good ending though.
I loved this book! It is easy to read with interesting characters. I couldn't wait to start reading again after each time I had to put it down!
A psychological 'thriller' with lots of twists entwining all the characters. Keeps you reading because you have no idea how the story will end.
Once into the story and the characters, was a very entertaining  tail and couldn't wait to see "who done it."  Would read another Hawkins book.
This psychological thriller exceeded my expectations not only in the plot, but in character development . I simply couldn't put this book down.
Writing is mediocre at best and the story is far fetched to say the least. Did keep me mindlessly entertained. Good for a quick, mindless read.
Cleverly written and unique, for the reader who loves mysteries and getting to know a multi-layered, flawed protagonist. I highly recommend it!
Very good book!! Usually I read at night to wind down but I somehow never could with this book. I just wanted to know what was going to happen!
I thought it kind of fell apart in the last couple of chapters but I loved the story and the way it was written - definitely a "page turner" !!
A very good read...similar to Gone Girl, but ever so much better. I loved the end<br/>and it was surprising to me unlike the one in Gone Girl.
Wonderful and engaging. I initially bought the book and started it, then switched to the Audibook. What a wonderful whodunit. Highly recommend.
could not put it down.  started out a little slow, but then wham.  so intriquing with plenty of twists and turns.  would recommend it to anyone
I knew the ending early on.  I was hoping to be proven wrong!  Poor character development.  Although it was easy to read, I wouldn't recommend.
A good read- the Girl on the Train was a little, over the top,narcissistic. But, over than that, it was a book you looked forward to coming to.
I almost put the book down after the first chapter, but was told it was worth reading.  Then I got hooked and couldn't put it down.  Well done.
Interesting concept but a slow read.  The main character is a psycho alcoholic with blackouts every time she drinks.  Lots of twists and turns.
I figured everything out about a minute before I read it.  And then I realized I read it about a minute before I figured it out.  Amazing book!
Characters, although some were not very likable, were well-captured.  Book held my interest right up to the end.  Well written and fast moving.
I really enjoyed this book. The author knows how to build suspense and hold it so that you keep reading long after you should have gone to bed.
I liked this book.  Kept my interest.  Lead character bit of a mess, but I still rooted for her.  Some twists and turns which I like in a book.
Super well written, compelling and smart  The characters were well developed and totally believable.  I could not get enough of it  Great book!
This book was amazingly, well written. The characters were brilliantly portrayed. Think I will search for other books from this awesome author!
Very good book with lots of twists and turns. Great characters. Psychological aspects to the plot. Enjoy reading the book. Good for book clubs.
So gripping! The different narratives weaves together is impeccable! I finished this book so fast. The stream of consciousness is done so well.
Don't plan on getting to bed early with this Hitchcockian thriller.  And don't trust any of these unreliable narrators until you reach the end.
I read this book non-stop. It was impossible to put down. The pacing,the suspense. The mystery of it all was thrilling from first page to last.
Twisting, mesmerizing.  A very satisfying read.  Highly recommend it.  Hope the author has more stories to tell.  Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
Great character development. Couldn't put it down. Plenty of twists to keep you guessing through to the very end. I highly recommend this book!
Interesting story, good plot, well written, but somewhat easy to figure out.<br/>Would give the author another chance and see what she can do.
Didn't care for it
Just plain boring!
very slow and long
Held my attention!
Enjoyable mystery!
I hated this book!
There was a twist!
I read on a kindle.  A little hard to follow which character was who especially in the beginning.  Also keeping up with the dates and timeline
Good plot. A bit more graphic than I was expecting but not unreasonable. It's a good quick read if you like quick thrillers such as Gone Girl.
Mostly this is a depressing novel with no really sympathetic characters.  The final third was quite good, but it was a long slog to get there.
I loved it! Lots of twists and turns. I never guessed the end. I really empathized with poor Rachel. I stayed up all night reading to the end.
Somewhat depressing story ....actually quite depressing reading about alcaholism.....but characters well developed and good writing skills.3.5
The book was well written, intriguing and easy to follow. Not too many characters. Believable story line. All characters were pretty troubled.
Very well written !Even if the story goes back and forth there is no confusion and the thrill never lets the reader down.<br/>BRAVO Paula H !
Study of character flaws . Deception, self absorption, weakness, fear of loneliness and denial. The evilness of boredom becomes the true plot.
Dearly sad characters get caught up in a mysterious missing person case. No one to root for or even care for.  Figured it out long before end.
This book was very easy to follow while delivering a terrific story that really resonated with me. A fantastic read that I could not put down.
This is a new twist on an old scenario.  It is well written and the author requires you to pay attention.  Very believable and very enjoyable.
This book is good for reading on holiday or when you have nothing better to read, the ending becomes predictable and the writing is very poor.
A well crafted plot that started  slowly and carefully established a believable/convincing context for the action that followed . A good read.
A good, fast read. A beseeching story about demons, both real and in our heads. People can really play us, never let them see your weaknesses.
This was a VERY good book, I enjoyed it thoroughly!  I have already passed it on to my cousin who is also a fan of this type book.  VERY GOOD!
Much ado about nothing.  No likeable characters and way too many plot "coincidences".  Hard to believe this nonsense is a best seller.
if YOU LIKED GONE GIRL THIS ONE IF FOR YOU.  I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN. EVEN PURCHASED AUDIBLE WHISPER SYNC SO I COULD LISTEN TO WHEN ON THE MOVE
I truly enjoyed the read.  Love the ending. Worthy reading. I highly recommend.  Great story telling. Kept me guessing. That's the best part!!
Kept me interested by switching between different character perspectives. A good thriller with lots of twists and turns that kept me guessing!
I was a fan of Gone Girl and this came highly recommended. I couldn't put it down and the ending was awesome! Would definitely recommend this!
I could not put this book down. It is filled with so many twists and turns. The character development is fantastic. The end will surprise you.
Extremely slow starting---I was sick to death of the train riding.  The last 50 pages were good but, honestly, took way too long to get there.
This suspenseful novel kept me on edge, wondering what was really going on.  A good read with characters I cared about.  Definitely recommend.
Intricate plot. Multiple first person structure. Couldn't put it down.<br/>Need more from this talented author. Thank you for the experience.
Not what I expected at all...very slow moving and even boring at times.  Probably wouldn't purchase anything else by this author.  Sorry . . .
This could have been written better,too slow moving for me,main character drunk all the time, since I am not a drinking woman I didn't relate.
Twists keep you reading chapter after chapter. Wish the story continued on at the end though...still have some questions about the characters.
The suspense kept building and didn't want to put book down!  I kept trying to put it all together and the surprise at the end was surprising!
The story started out a  little slow but overall, a great read! This book was recommended to me, and it was no waste of time. Would recommend!
A good summer read. Very suspenseful and a page turner. I would defiantly recommend this book! If you like Gone Girl, you will like this book.
A woman's medicine. All the emotions. All the senses. Al the solutions. A must read. Hard to put down to top it all off. Coffee and chocolate.
This book is amazing! It was so suspenseful and a definite pleasantry to the reader! Great writing style and awesome way to give provide POVs!
i wasn't a huge fan of this book, I felt that the story was dark and slow to develop with little to hold my interest in any of the characters.
I did not particularly enjoy this book.  I do not appreciate this genre. it has been compared to Gone Girl, which I did not appreciate either.
fabulous page turner..could not put it down !! Awesome storytelling ..cant wait to read another book from this author..suspenseful ..great red
I could not put the book down. Great book with twists around each corner of the book!! If you like twists and turns, this is the book for you.
I was mesmerized by the narrative of this suspenseful thriller. I literally could not put it down. If you liked "Gone Girl", you'll love this.
This book was powerful and intriguing,held my interest until the surprise ending I could feel the frustration of Rachael<br/>It was wonderful
Great story. Love the story told from female varying perspectives. Different perspectives at that with no real victim.  Look forward to movie.
Great read!! Suspenseful the entire way. Couldn't put this book down. Great characters and details. Loved the way the timeline was broken out.
It's surreal experiencing life through the eyes of an alcoholic who's trying to solve the mystery of her life!  I couldn't put this book down!
Intriguing book. The three female characters are intertwined throughout the story. This kept me on the edge of my seat with every page turned.
This was a fascinating read.  So very cleverly written. Was actually intrigued as to how the characters were all entwined.<br/>Yes top marks.
Really enjoyed this "slow burner" . Lots of back and forwards commentary that give insight into the various characters state of miond.
I really loved it! It may have started a bit slow for my liking but really picks up a little over the halfway mark -- then it's a page turner!
This really kept me guessing for quite some time. I really enjoyed the twists and turns in this book.  I am looking forward to her next novel.
I normally do not read mysteries.  When I read, even a mystery, I expect to learn something. This piece of fiction had bother at all to offer.
The author kept you guessing.  Started slow but got it moving as the story progressed. For her first Novel I guarantee there are more to come.
This was an amazingly written story with more twists and turns than Gone Girl.I recommend this book to anyone and am sad that this book ended.
Gripping mystery I read in two days. A page turning thriller. Lovely characters and a heroine you root for and cringe at, at the same moments.
Enjoyed the twists and turns of the story and the realistic characters. Wish the ending more developed. Glad that Rachael chose to get better.
In this book nothing turns out like you think it is. Lots of surprises.  If its a little slower at the beginning, have no fear.  It speeds up.
Very fast and entertaining read! Good storyline and it keeps the reader captivated with the mystery. Great and detailed character development.
Good story, easy read.  Very interesting story structure.  Nicely woven plot lines.<br/> I really need eight more words to comply with rules.
This book was awesome. I loves the way the writer uses first person to convey the obsession of the main character. Even better than Gone Girl.
Very entertaining. Definitely kept my mind working ahead to figure out the next twist. Would recommend enthusiastically to any mystery ,lover.
Masterfully written with wonderful characters!  The author keeps you guessing right to the end!!  Looking forward to more from Paula Hawkins!!
This book is very well written.  The characters are vivid. It is fast paced with an unexpected ending. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.
As most of these books are they are great page turners however the suspects in the plots turn to be obvious.  Just a good old fashion mystery.
This is a mystery delving into the psychology of several main characters.  It is a little slow but interesting.  I would recommend reading it.
I just can't put this book down. It is SO good.  I love how it is written from the different character's perspectives.  I highly recommend it!
Great book with a gripping plot, despite being dark and slightly disturbing. If you liked Gone Girl, then you will like The Girl On The Train.
A good story - masterfully written and suspenseful.  It's hard to put the book down.  The characters are human and flawed.  It's a great read.
Great twist on a murder novel. Gets away from the same old tired story of murder mysteries. Great read, you won't regret purchasing this book.
Thoroughly enjoyed it.  It kept me turning pages. Had the same flavor as "Gone Girl" so if you liked that one you will enjoy this one.
Always wondering what's next from each character. Such believable personalities with a chilling ending! Excellent read. I highly recommend it!
Not to many books will get a five star rating from me. Although I enjoyed this book I was pretty sure what way it was going at an early stage.
I finished but it was a labor.<br/>Was not crazy about jumping back and forth between characters.<br/>Started out well but then got tedious.
Slow starting.  Main character is one you love to hate, her life is a mess, she is her own worst enemy, but the ending is well worth the read.
Amazingly written suspense book. Read such a gripping tale after a very long time. Very tight, full of twists, and unpredictable till the end.
Good book.<br/>The characters aren't very likeable but I don't think they are supposed to be.  It was an intriguing read that hooks you fast.
Excellent----a real page-turner and so well written.  This is not usually the type of book I enjoy reading, but I certainly enjoyed this book.
Kept you guessing about Maude until the very end.  Had not heard of the author before but very glad I picked this book.  Hope she writes more.
I had difficulty at first keeping track of who was who., it quickly picked up.  Had difficulting putting it down the last quarter of the book.
Love the whole series!  This is the last book in this series. If you liked the 4 books prior to this you'll like this one. I highly recommend!
Love the book. Held my attention to the end. Would recommend to others who enjoy a good mystery with not too many characters to keep tract of.
Exciting and gripping at first, then it dragged a little and I found the "twist" somewhat predictable. Still a fun, quick read though!
Couldn't put this book down!!  Gone Girl on steroids with a better ending!  I literally was on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book.
My kind of book. Fast paced, suspenseful, realistic characters. I didn't want it to end but I couldn't wait to find out how it would turn out.
i think that was the longest 300 page book i have ever read.  and i dont think there should be a required number of words to post this review.
This book was hard to get into but after about 20 pages I was hooked.  What a suspenseful book that I could not put down.  It is a must read😃
If you liked Gone Girl, read this! Written in similar style. Makes the reader wonder who to trust with each chapter voicing from three voices.
Reads very fast; actually could not put it down. Similar to Gone Girl in that the reader is kept guessing. I was blaming pretty much everyone!
I am so glad so read this book! It kept me reading late into the night and I liked the pace and variations of  the writing. Highly recommend !
Couldn't put it down! Read it in less than a week. Easy but entertaining. Definitively suggest it to anyone looking for something new to read.
I read the book in two sittings. Totally twisted and amazing. Definitely not what I expected.  Forever looking out the windows of my own train
I loved this book and couldn't put it down. Lots of wonderful twists! The characters draw you in and make you a little crazy but stay with it.
Best book I've read in awhile. Started off slow, but captivated me never the less. Great ending. I recommend it if you enjoy murder, mystery.
Great for a first book, and really enjoyed the believable and entertaining characters. Try Tana French if you like this and/or Gillian Flynn.
What a great, fast read!  Lots of suspense and drama!  Will look forward to more books by this author.  Loved all the different perspectives.
Amazing.  I love books with unpredictable narrators.  The MC is complex but, at least to me, ultimately likable.  You end up rooting for her.
I had a hard time reading this because it was very depressing at the beginning but I am glad i stuck with it to see what happened in the end.
Nothing is as it initially seems in this story full of surprises! Easy to read, well written, suspenseful  novel with interesting characters.
This book was a great read. Kinda skips between characters at some points though. The ending was great. I did not expect that kind of ending.
I found all of the characters to be very unlikeable.  The plot was thin and you could guess the killer pretty fast—the one you least suspect.
I didn't particularly like any of the characters. Couldn't empathize with any of them. And the lead was annoyingly weak for most of the book.
It started out a little slow and I was tired of hearing Rachel whine. But then it got better and better and I couldn't put it down. Loved it.
Great book from start to finish, engaging and I was on the edge of my seat the entire time reading his book.  I would recommend it to anyone!
I enjoyed the story being told from 3 different women. The author did a good job ensuring the facts were clear enough to understand the story.
This book held my interest from the beginning and the twists and turns of the plot  were sometimes predictable.  I would recommend this book.
I really enjoyed Girl on a train, great characters and plot that keeps you<br/>wondering right up to the last few pages . Hard to put down .
Great book! Many twists and turns to keep you interested! Very well written! I will read this again! My thanks to the author for a good book!
Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.  We have all looked out the window of a train or car and wondered about the houses we see.....
Well written...held my interest. A little depressing...but a good mystery! I could see it really happening. Could not put it down at the end!
Excellent read. A little hard to follow as the main characters are introduced as it jumps back and forth in time. But then it's a page turner
It keeps you guessing. I would read other books by this author. I liked the ending. Once a cheater always a cheater, he got what he deserved.
Interesting twists which leave the reader trying to figure out who killed the woman and changing ones mind several times throughout the book.
Very easy to read, and highly engaging. I thoroughly enjoyed this book... until the end. I was left a little deflated. Good read nonetheless.
The hype built this book up far more than it's worth. Somewhat entertaining, annoying protagonist. I will check out this author again though.
Was a great story. It was confusing reading on s kindle tho. Wanted to be able to flip back and check the dates/speaker. But it was worth it.
Held my interest entire book!  Loved way written with each character telling their story.  Conclusion was a welcomed and unexpected surprise.
Good e..tough<br/><br/>Good enough to read all the way through....but would need to have estrogen to appreciate it fully.<br/><br/>Junius
If you loved gone girl, them you will love this thriller.  Great story with twists and turns and a surprise ending. Easy read for the summer.
Quick predictable read. Moderately entertaining but not to the level expected. Would i recommend to friend?...not really. It was just okay...
Picked this for book club. Could not put it down! Can't wait to discuss tomorrow night. Did not see the twist at the end. Wish it went on....
A dark storyline. I felt sorry for the narrator which I struggled w at times. The author did a nice job of getting me hooked. Worth the read.
Page turner that makes you wonder every time we hear Rachel's story and what Anna worries about. Riding a train and what you see on that ride
I thought it kept your interest in trying to figure out what is going to happen next. Lots of twist and turns! Right up there with Gone Girl!
Interesting approach to writing.  Once I figured out the characters it was difficult to put down!  I'll definitely recommend this to friends.
Thoroughly enjoyable.Suspense aplenty, well drawn characters,some empathetic and some fun to hate! Will definitely look for her future works.
Honestly, I enjoyed it (or at least finished it), but this is no "Gone Girl." I would recommend this book as a 3rd string beach read.
I love this book!  So suspenseful.  Well written and believable.  Even though you don't always like the characters you keep rooting for them.
Ugh I was expecting so much more. Boring and not suspenseful and just frustrating to read. Major disappointment for a book I expected to love
A little drawn out but not bad. Entertaining enough to keep my interest. Started becoming predictable towards the end. Overall, easy to read.
Loved this book-- haunting and addicting all the same. The book is very well written. Characters come alive in their first-person narratives.
This book was so good. It took me a little bit to get into but one I did, I couldn't stop. Such a great read with twists that I didn't expect
Saw a poster for this book while traveling through the airport  so happy to have seen it- couldn't put it down. Great read, very suspenseful.
you will NOT able to put this down.  This is the summah thrillah!  Too bad Hitchcock isn't around to direct this movie - brilliantly written!
I was spellbound from the first chapter of this unusual story;  it was very hard to put down!  I'd recommend it to anyone over the age of 21!
Really interesting thriller written in three voices.  It was difficult to like these three characters as you try to understand their motives.
Liked the setting ,the train. Hard to follow chaging narrator. Nice to know intimate thoughts of each. Too much violence described at lenght.
Great read! Loved the suspense and not being able to figure it out! Interesting how the characters all connected! Highly recommend this read!
The start was a bit slow and I was not sure whether I should continue reading. However, the pace picked up and it was truly an exciting ride!
Loved this book! Couldn't put it down! Suspenseful and amazingly written to make you really think. Love the twists in plot and the characters
Started a little slow but as it went along, it got really interesting AND scary!  The ending was a real twist....good characters & good plot.
I found this book riveting. It was one that was recommended to me from a friend and I could not put it down. I highly recommend this mystery.
Definite page-turner. Perfect tale for reading in the dark, at night before bed. The girl takes you with her on the ride--and it's thrilling.
Great story that draws you in from the Starr. Finished it in two days!! The twists and turns will hold your interest until the final chapter.
This book was fantastic!  I couldn't put it down!!  This needs to be made into a motion picture and it will do phenomenal at the box office!!
Quite a good novel - suspenseful and slightly surrealistic - I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good mystery but with a twist.
great book, love the back and forth between characters and the suspense. i agree with other reviews, if you liked Gone Girl, you'll like this
her character was annoying -yet i stayed  w it and was rewarded.<br/>tells tale of disappointment- hope - self serving interests- redemption
The premise was more interesting than the story. An okay read. I couldn't connect with the characters and the end was pretty obvious early on
I 'm still reading it but so far, I've found it different and interesting. Maybe when I finish reading it, I can give a more detailed review.
Couldn't put it down. Great characters and twists and a most unexpected ending, definitely recommend this one..Better than Gone Girl IMHO.
Couldn't put it down.kept me riveted with each character.highly recommend . Each chapter unfolds each character like puzzle pieces.great read
Entertaining and unexpected twists made this book a fun read. Would definitely recommend. The story was suspenseful. A hard book to put down.
This is a very tight, twisted tale of interconnected lives and lovers. Very suspenseful and intriguing. I Tried not to finish it too quickly.
Well-woven plot.  Believable, complex characters.  The story unfolds in unexpected ways. Will definitely look for other books by this author.
Very slow to start and I considered not finishing it...but after a bit it took off and became better developed. I'm glad I gave it a chance.
I enjoyed the twists in the plot.<br/>The reason why Rachel could not remember anything was believable as were the characters in the story.
My book club chose this book and I made it through the book. I would not recommend it. I see no redeeming qualities. Petty, trashy subjects.
Remember the early going, names and especially dates of chronology. This will keep you up all night, with or without a gin and tonic nearby.
Enjoyed this mystery ......who done it very much.... would have given it 5 stars if the characters were more developed.....worth reading....
This well written story provides interest, thought and story.  It enables the reader to see several perspectives on the singular story line.
If found the book to drag a bit until the last third, then you are really reading a whodunit.  I liked it better once it picked up the pace.
Really enjoyed the read but found it predictable midway through. However would definitely recommend to someone else or for a book club read.
I thought it was a well written, it kept your interest. It was a good read.<br/>I enjoy books like this.  You try to figure out who did it.
Well written.  But none of the characters, including the principal protagonist, is at all likable.  This is not a "feel good" story.
I thought this was a great book! Fast paced, interesting plot, great characterization; everything a good read needs. I hated to put it down.
The beginning was only so-so.<br/>The end was great!<br/>Well worth reading.. Couldn't put it down once I got into it.<br/>Excellent book
Just finished reading this amazing book. I give this book a 10. Great story that holds your attention until the end. I couldn't put it down!
Although an unusual story line, this novel is gripping. Even though, it's challenging to keep characters straight, reader can relate to all.
The beginning of the book was very confusing.  It took a long time to get going. I didn't care for all the back and forth with the chapters.
Has suspense, though I figured it out well before the plots was revealed.  Well written and worth reading.  Would look for the author again.
I was hooked from the start and couldn't put it down. The point of view was creative and interesting. I look forward to reading more by her.
Character development of the main character is excellent. The story kept my interest with constant guessing of what happened and who did it?
This book was chosen as our first book club read. I wanted to pick a book that would be for different types of people. It was a good choice.
It took me awhile to get into this book but once I did I didn't want to stop reading until the end. I felt sorry for the people in the book.
Twisty turny. Kept me guessing. Well written and entertaining. I enjoyed it! Kept my interest away from the monotony of the elliptical. Haha
The "heroine" is just too weak to enjoy the book. Slow until the end. Good ending though. Both female characters showed strength in the end.
I don't want to be inside any of these characters' head!  There are supposed to be different women, but their voices are very much the same.
This was a good who done it...a real page turner. The ending was a surprise to me. Following the stories of the three main women engaged me.
I didn't like it in the beginning - but all of a sudden the pace picked up and you actually couldn't put the book down till you finished it.
Yes, this book is great! The reviews don't lie. I finished it in 1 day, b/c it was so fascinating and such an easy read. Highly recommended!
What starts as a bland suspense develops into a complex character discovery. Intense moments and no clue as to whether murder was committed.
This was an entertaining book. The characters were engaging and the plot moved at a steady pace to keep me interested. I would recommend it.
First book in a long time that I couldn't put down. Well written. The characters were well developed; I highly recommend reading this story.
I fail to see why this book was on the top of the bestseller lists for so long.  I finished it, but I thought it was predictable and boring.
Good venue, great writing, never leaves you alone.  You need to know how it is going to end.<br/>I will be searching for this author again.
I wasn't sure I was going to like this book when I started it, but I quickly found myself unable to put it down... Lots of twists and turns!
This book held my interest from the Kindle sample to the last page.  Loved the characters, and the suspense kept building. Nice summer read!
I read this book in one day, reluctant to put it down. It's definitely a page turner, keeping you on the edge of your seat, always guessing.
I thought it was tedious reading in the first few chapters, but my interest increased as I read on.  Not sure why it was such a Best Seller.
I could not put it down!  If you liked Gone Girl you will love this....gripping and dark, psychological thriller.<br/>Completely engrossed.
I couldn't put the book down. Excellent use of first person by several characters. You see the action from several different points of view.
I didn't like the book at first, but when I got into it further it got better.  I don't think I  would like to read another like it, though.
Very exciting book to read.  You cannot put it down and it keeps you wondering about each character!  Hope they make a movie about this one!
Great character development.  I had just completed Gone Girl so this was a little slow moving in story line.  All in all a worth while read.
I thought this book was entertaining and suspenseful.  Written from the point of view of the three different characters made it interesting.
The beginning of the book was riveting.  Unfortunately near the end things just became too far fetched for me to find it a true page turner.
I thought this book was overly long and the separation of the narratives of so many  different characters was a source of impatience for me.
The beginning was a little slow but by the middle I was hooked. Ending was very unexpected and I liked that I didn't guess how it would end.
Easy read.  Mystery.  Sad, meddlesome, main character....a bit of a mess, although prerhaps well intentioned..  It was a book group choice.
Very believable characters that brings you right into their lives and keeps you there until the frightening end. A book you can't put down.
If you like stories like Gone Girl you'll love this one. It takes your couple chapters to get into it once you're in you can't put it down.
If you like "Gone Girl" you'll love this book! Just long enough to keep you wanting more while still feeling satisfied. Great read!
I was confused at first but once I got the people sorted out moved right along.  I must say I was shocked that it ended so abruptly though.
This will make an excellent movie. With the right actors of course. Well written, fleshed out characters, easy to follow, hard to put down.
Pretty sad kind of life and the things that happen to them.  However, it was hard to put the book down as I wanted to know how it wold end.
Great read! Hope they make a movie out if it! Love the way it ends! Suspenseful.<br/><br/>Surprising! Want to read more from this author.
Good character portrayals, and I kept on reading to find out if I predicted the culprit, and I did. So, it was only an average book for me.
Great book with well drawn out characters... Couldn't stop reading until the end, well paced and satisfying... Highly recommend this one...
I was unable to put this down from the start. One of the best books I've read in a long time. Never gets boring with many twists and turns.
This book was AMAZING! It's been a while since I have read a book so good I couldn't put down! Definitely great if you have read Gone Girl.
Excellent book to read on vacation. Original plot with lots of suspense and thrills throughout. Would definitely read more from this author
I thought the story dragged.  It took forever to get to anything that made me want to keep reading and the characters were not sympathetic.
This is an interesting story that was a quick read but didn't take too long to figure out.  Good characters and plot didn't twist too much.
I really like this book.  I thought that some parts of it were a little slow, but overall, it was a good book.  Quick and easy summer read.
If you liked Gone Girl, you will love this book. While it isn't as well written as I would have liked, it is suspenseful and unpredictable.
Grabbed me from the start.  Loved the deep bond with each of the characters.  Twists and turns kept me on the edge of my seat till the end!
Good beach read. I didn't know where it was going...not predictable. Strong character development, even though they were all creepy people.
This books a Page turner.  I Couldn't wait to find out how it all played out.  I wasn't disappointed.  Now I wish I had more pages to read.
I enjoyed The Girl on the Train. It usually takes me awhile to read a book, work gets in the way, but I couldn't put it down. Great ending.
Good reading. Read the book in two days.Easy to follow. Eeven though chapters are broken up into the individual characters, they mesh well.
I love this book and cannot put it down!!  Any stories that have<br/>such interesting characters creates a desire to want to keep reading.
Good mystery read.<br/>Involves you in each characters life<br/>Short chapters make for a quick read<br/>I'm sure it'll be a good movie.
Started slow, I nearly quit reading at about halfway through, but went ahead and finished.  The second half was much better than the first.
interesting story. Portrays an alcoholic extremely well and I enjoyed the intricately woven stories.<br/>No spoiler alerts here.  Read it.
Page turner...  Kept me guessing until the end!  Great summer reading...  I was surprised by the way the author pulled everything together.
Slow in the beginning but it picked up toward the end. Still not what I expected and no comparison to Gone Girl like other people have said
I couldn't put this book down! It's a good mystery with a very sad main character.  Good for a weekend escape with a book.  Lots of twists!
A thriller nonetheless with lots of twists and turns to keep you interested. I wish that the character of Rachel was made more sympathetic.
Well-written; interesting perspective.  Character relationships a bit confusing, at first; easier as you get into it.  Very enjoyable read.
Stayed with it. Wish I hadn't.  Woe is me.  Longest poor me pity party on record and yet no happy ending for anyone, especially the reader.
This was a decent, suspense thriller. It was slow and tedious at times but it didn't take too long for it to catch my interest. Enjoyed it!
Very good read.  Excellent characters.  Lots of twists. Easy to embrace characters. All in all an excellent thrillet. Highly recommended. .
I absolutely could not put this book down...the characters were real and flawed and searching for peace and love. Thrilling and suspenseful
An excellent page turner. Couldn't put it down. Will keep you in suspense page after page after page. Builds up like a running locomotive!!
If you liked "Gone Girl", you will like this one too. Twists and turns galore. Loved it after the first few chapters. Couldn't put it down.
OMG!  This book was so good.  I read it on a road trip from Illinois to Alabama. I was totally engrossed. What a shock ending!  Great read!
This book kept me in suspense until the very end. Usually I can figure out " who done it" right away, not this time. Excellent read
Kept my interest & attention! I do recommend this book. Good character development & not too predictable. Good choice for vacation reading.
Great characters and story! Enjoyed the plot and twists! The story was very suspenseful and quick to read! I would definitely recommend it!
Super suspenseful read. Love the switching back and forth between first-person perspectives. If you liked Gone Girl, you'll like this book!
of abandonment issues and self esteem at its best when addressing ones priorities in life.  What really gives us joy at the end of the day.
Finally finished. It was a bit confusing at times, jumping from one characters perspective to another until I sorted them out . Main character a bit pitiful.The characters were well written and interesting. At times it did seem to drag on. The ending ties all the pieces together quite well. Main character still a bit pitiful. All in all I enjoyed it.
The girl on the train: it takes a bit to take off, but once it does - it keeps one's interest and one's keeps reading until it is finished.
Pretty good book. Liked the characters different stories. Not completely unpredictable, but still a good read.<br/>Worth the read, really.
Surprising plot twists, and a deep look into the fragility of the human psyche when put through severe trauma. I highly recommend this book
I loved the descriptions of the alcoholism, so on target.  The shame, the selfish thinking, the blackouts.  Interesting plot.  Great title.
Wasn't thrilled with the book at first but as I got into it, I started to understand what was going on and had a hard time putting it down.
I could not put this book down. It was written so well and twisted like Gone Girl. I highly recommend it! The writer kept you wanting more!
The book was riveting.  Even when you figured out "who done it", the author kept the book interesting.  The ending was a surprise.
Gripping and detailed - I was lost in the world Paula Hawkins created and felt very attached to the main character by the end of the book.
I may have missed it but it seemed to be about a girl with reasonable intelligence and ability who wasn't trying to get her life together.
After a slow start, I couldn't put this book down. It was suspenseful, funny and I loved how the plot thickened and left me saying WHAT!?!
Started rather slowly and bit confusingly switching between characters.  However, clever build up of tension and some nice twists of plot.
Slow going at first, almost to the point of boring. I put it down but then picked it up again after a friend read it and said it was good.
Expertly written, so hard to put down.  You will not be disappointed.  Tragic events seen through the eyes of even more tragic characters.
I enjoy looking and like to think that I see things.  It is a brain exercise and as I see I reflect on my life.  I enjoyed this narrative.
What a good story...characters with flaws and dreams, lying taken to an extreme level and once again, proof suburbia can be a scary place.
At the beginning I was confused, but as the plot unfolded, this book hooked me!  The story line was different, twisting, and challenging !
Not bad.  I wondered why it was a best-selling book for so long.  It had an interesting concept, suspense, and good character development.
All the characters are well defined and complex. You really do not know who to suspect. I would recommend this book to any mystery lover!!
Good book. Really enjoyed it. Different way of writing, but get into it, and you are sunk.  Look forward to reading more from this author.
It was so slow and hard to get into until about halfway through, then it picked up and I couldn't put it down. I'd rate the last half a 5.
What a suspenseful book.  I loved reading it and it kept me on the edge of my seat.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a thriller.
I really like the different points of view each chapter was told from...it's very similar to Gone Girl but the ending isn't as sinister...
Very good read. Interesting,suspenseful,well written. I enjoyed this book very much. If you are looking for a gripping mystery,this is it!
Obviously, this is not great literature.  But if we're judging by the standard of fluffy mystery novels, you have to admit it's a page turner!
Excellent suspenseful<br/>Must read, if you liked Gone Girl meet the Girl on the Train<br/>It has you trying to figure out " who did it"
Interesting characters and plot although pretty dark and gritty. Not what I would call a light summer book to take to the beach and relax.
Good read but not this best book I have read. Took me a long time to complete. I wasn't in to it that much. Interesting but not thrilling.
A slow tightening ride of tension and anticipation, as you try to solve the mystery, helpless to stop reading. Hitchcock would be pleased.
It was a great story once you got passed all the whining and self pity expressed by all the characters in the first half of the book. jmho
I read this for a book group.  The consensus was it was poorly written and boring.  The majority of the book group were very disappointed.
I really enjoyed this story.  Lots of twists and turns, and I never suspected how it would end.  I highly recommend The Girl on the Train.
Good read...a whole bunch of pathetic people, but well written, always wanting to find out what's happening next!<br/>A gripping mystery!
Very good read!! Sheds light on alcoholism !! Very compelling story!! Alcohol infidelity never good combination !! Really sobering read !!
Very typical of modern British mystery in its darkness. Do not read if you are looking to feel good. Easy to predict ending. Well written.
It kept me interested from the beginning. Lots of different plots and characters who always surprised you with their connection to Rachel.
This book keeps you wondering and until almost the end you get exactly the idea.  Interesting book.  Keeps you wanting to keep on reading.
The book Is well written; but by the middle of the book, it becomes fairly obvious to anyone who reads mysteries who the killer has to be.
OK but not very inspiring.  Characters did not seem real.  Wanted to get to end to see mystery solved but not really enjoying the writing.
Wow! This book was great from beginning to end. It was very hard to put it down because you just want to know what happens. Very easy read
Loved this book! So hard to put down and kept me guessing throughout. Highly recommend this book and can't wait for more from this author!
I was pulled in quickly and it never let go. A dark story but with redeemable characters, characters I could care about. Highly recommend.
A psychological thriller! Just when you think you have figured out whodunit, there is another twist in the story. I could not put it down.
Interesting plot twists, but characters have no redeeming qualities.  Maybe will be a Lifetime Network movie someday, but that's about it.
I wasn't able to put it down. Has a Gone Girl quality and pace.  Chapters are short, leaving you with the need to read just a little more.
I read this book in half a day, I couldn't put it down!! Fans of Gillian Flynn will definitely enjoy this one. It's a definite can't-miss.
I just couldn't put this one down!! The book was well-written and the characters were believable.  Keeps you guessing all the way through.
Compelling story that moves at a steady pace. The characters are well developed and you can feel the emotions that they are going through.
This book kept me engaged throughout. What I would call a overturned. Anyone with a love for human nature and mystery will love this book.
Read this in less than a day....very good the plot twists and turns....hard to put down....clear your calendar so you won't be bothered !!
I almost never pre-order books before the release date but the synopsis of this book caught my attention.  This book was so compelling that I finished it in one sitting. I always judge book by two criteria:  Do I care what happens to these characters? And can I put myself into the scenes the author is describing?  Amazing character development, with each character being both believable and "real" and I cared about each one of them, even the support characters.  Ms. Hawkins descriptive writing placed me right there on the train with Rachel, in the garden with "Jess and Jason" and in the "number 23" house where Tom and Anne lived.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys the build up of a great psychological thriller!
The girl on the train is a great read.  Your faith in people will be tested.  The author ties the characters vulnerability together well.
Creative plot, intriguing characters, good dialog -- ingredients for a great read.  Kept me guessing until the end.  Highly entertaining!
This is a slow starter, but all of a sudden you will realize that you have been drawn in and can't put it down.  Really really good book!
The unique way of telling this story by having each character tell it from their perspective chapter by chapter held you attention raptly
This was so great and very suspenseful.I highly recommended this book to all readers.I was very excited reading this an am sad it's over.
Loved the main character, Rachel, in this book.  She certainly was off balance, but very smart in her own way.  An enjoyable page turner.
An easy read, a little slow at the beginning but suspenseful ending! Definitely recommend reading this to anyone looking for a good book.
It kept me guessing the entire book. I didn't want it to be the one I thought and luckily it wasn't.  Great read. I couldn't put it down.
At some point,  you suspect just about everyone, which is what makes it so suspenseful. If you like a good mystery, this book is for you.
I can not force myself to finish it.  It is boring and depressing.  I have no idea why it is on the best sellers list - sorry I bought it
At first I didn't understand the women and the timeline importance. Then it became addictive.  Good summer read although not a happy one.
A big waste of time.. I wanted to read it since it's becoming a movie. Not an enjoyable read for me. Couldn't find one likable character.
I had a very difficult time in the beginning of the book to keep reading. The book got better and the writing flowed more toward the end.
Quick read. Format similar to Gillian Flynn novel. Not a super original plot but interesting at times. Character development was lacking.
It was hard to me to like or have sympathy with any of the characters.  They all seemed to be narcissists.  Each was lieing to the other.
It took a bit for me to get into it...the first chapter didn't grab me. But, boy did that change fast! I eventually couldn't put it down.
Not one thing did I dislike.  Captivating read with great character development and story line twists. Looking forward to the next novel.
Clever story but the main character, Rachel,  was hopelessly tedious and irksome. Read for a bookclub. Could not wait for it to be OVER .
This book kept me interested from the beginning. I didn't have any idea what happened until the end. Great development of the characters.
Very dark and depressing novel.  I was so glad to finish this book and move on to something more enlightening with a more enjoyable plot.
A captivating suspenseful mystery that has you questioning what is real and what is imagined. Similar to Gone Girl with different twists.
Not quite as good as gone girl but worth the read. You really don't feel like drinking after being in Rachel's head for a chapter or two.
I thought this book was great! It was suspenseful and interesting. It kept me guessing the whole time. I would recommend this great read.
I gave this book three stars because it was moderately entertaining without much depth. Totally predictable ending and not much suspense.
This book was chosen through my book club- I typically enjoy historic fiction or memoirs. I really liked it though and am glad I read it!
Entertaining and thrilling! One of the best books I have read in quite a while. If they made this into a movie I would absolutely see it.
Great Read, could hardly put it down once I started it. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for  a good Mystery/Thriller.
Great pace.  A little confusing at first with alternating persons narrating the story but once you are in, you feel the pace - thrilling!
Interesting book that was perfect for a book club discussion!  Interesting characters and a true lesson that things are not as they seem.
I loved this book as it kept me interested from the beginning to the end.  I always wanted to get back to it and I didn't want it to end.
I loved this book, and could not put it down. It was a fast, thrilling, suspenseful read! Very complex characters that kept you guessing.
Enjoyed the twist and turns of a cleverly crafted plot.<br/>Great book to read while commuting on the Metra train to Chicago's downtown.
Slow to start, didn't love the main character for most of the book but then the last 30% of the pages were fantastic! Good summer read :)
I read it when it first came out and at first I didn't like it.  I felt it was boring. But stay with it! It was really worth reading!!!!!
Very good read.  I didn't want to put it down.  Read it in 3 days and usually takes me a month or so of nightly reading to finish a book.
The first half of this novel hooked me and kept me very engaged.  I was disappointed with how predictable the story became as it unwound.
I didn't care for the book.  It didn't hold together for me.  At times it wasn't clear whose point of view the story was being told from.
This book was everything I had hoped it would be. I enjoy a great mystery thriller. The characters are complex and it keeps you guessing.
It was slow getting into it but it grabbed me....  And I couldn't wait to find out what was happening...  Good book. I really enjoyed it.
Interesting, but odd plot. Well written. Slow moving in the beginning, interesting plot twist at the end.keeps you reading until very end
highly Recommended.  Kept you in suspense with a surprising ending.  Better suspense novel than Gone Girl.<br/>Very fast read. Thumbs up
The characters are very real. Their also very quirky.  I like the twists and how Rachel was finally able to see what Tom was really like.
Kept me interested enough to finish the book but none of the characters were likable so made it hard to care about what happened to them.
Couldn't wait for the agony to be over.  A true waste of my time.  It just drug on and on and on.  Would NOT recommend to anyone to read.
Good mystery...love and betrayal....and wine is no comfort.  Ladies who reap what they sew with bad taste in men.....Be true to yourself.
This is one of those books that's hard to put down. So, best not start it if you've got stuff to do. 'Who done it' is a genuine surprise.
This was a little hard to follow with all the back and forth from past to present. If you like Ruth Rendell then you will like this book.
Beautiful, entertaining, unpredictable, full of emotion from start to finish! Amazing book. Can't wait to see a movie based in this book.
So many twists in the plot that you will not expect it to end the way it does...if you like that kind of read, then this book is for you!
What a gripping novel! This was a page-turner. I was on the edge of my seat as the story continued to unfold! A must read for the summer!
I did not like this book.  There was way too much jumping around from one character to another.  I would not recommend to anyone.  Sorry!
Great book, couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book if you like suspense. It reminded me of Hitchcock's "Rear Window".
This is dumbest book I've ever read,! The reviews on this book were great I wonder who the readers were,or where they came from...
I enjoy a novel that has a plot with enough twists and turns that keep me guessing the major climax. This novel accomplished this for me.
Interesting twists and characters. Definitely makes you think and keeps you on your toes. Highly recommend to anyone who likes a mystery.
Fast paced suspense and mystery. Engaging throughout. Believable, odd characters. Psychologically spot on. Good stuff for the modern age.
A truly edge-of-the-seat read.  I was fascinated by what was happening and could hardly wait to have time to sit back down with it again.
The book is a convoluted story with greatly disfunctional characters.  Both the characters and the plot keep you guessing.  A great read.
This book had me hooked from the very beginning! Keeps you guessing from start to finish. I would recommend this book to everyone I know!
Sad and dark and depressing and finally truly horrifying.  I prefer my entertainment a little more entertaining. Not even a good mystery.
well written novel, an easy read. the characters are interesting, but the plot is quite obvious.<br/>nevertheless its a fun book to read
Great suspense novel! Fans of gone girl will enjoy this read! Raw emotions throughout the whole story. You sympathize with each narrator.
Fun story... Nice thriller that kept me reading the whole book!  I would recommend this to anyone looking for an escape,from the mundane.
One of the best books I've read in a long time. Interesting and complex characters. It has a great plot that builds to a surprise ending.
Surprise ending but slow moving.  Nice read, bounces around need to tally pay attention to dates.  Will try another of this authors books
A real page turner that keeps you guessing right to the end of the book.<br/>Even people that don't enjoy thrillers will enjoy this one.
Liked the writing a lot.  The characters are all one step over the line-- edgey<br/>Well worth reading  - and read much of it on the train...
A compelling story all around.  The characters are believable, the twists in the story keep you turning page after page despite the hour.
Fast paced, with a twisting plot.  Who should you believe? Who is lying? Enjoyable read. Well written dialogue and challenging plot line.
Read the book in two nights...couldn't put it down!  Just when I thought I had it all figured out, another twist came along!  Great read!
A gripping page turner from the beginning...if you liked Gone Girl you'll love The Girl on the Train! I read the entire book in two days!
Even though I figured out early on that Tom was the killer, the suspense continued because of the character development and revelations.
bit to long and drawn out,  I usually drop snook after 100 pages,but exceptional suspense. If you can get into the book it is excellent.
The story was kind of drawn out for only having 6 or 7 characters. Kept you guessing until the very end, but not much action in between.
Kept my interest, but thought the ending was very weak. Thought that Rachel could have ended stronger with recovery and maybe a romance.
I couldn't put this book down, great read. Kept me interested the entire time, looked forward to picking it up and continuing the story.
I didn't like the book at first because of Rachel's self destructive behavior.  But, once I got past that, I couldn't put the book down!
The suspense builds from the first page. The twists and turns in these dark lives left me uncomfortable but unable to put the book down!
A great summer time read.  Something you want to discuss or share with another.  I thought I had figured out the ending but I was wrong!
Kept me interested. Easy read.  Liked that the chapters were told from different characters' perspectives. Good summer read! I liked it.
This was a great book of suspense.  You did not know the outcome of the story until the end so you could not turn the pages fast enough.
Mystery novel with many twists and will keep your attention.  Has a feel similar to Gone Girl. Was a little predictable towards the end.
A mesmerizing, delightful, engrossing read. Character-driven, with suspense and tension. I loved every page and was sorry when it ended!
The story line was good, but I got fed up reading about her whining and her drinking. I wanted to scream, "Enough, already!" PJC
Great read<br/>kept me guessing the whole time<br/>crazy but well developed characters<br/>Recommend to anyone who enjoys Flynn books
Main character not a likable figure. Whiny and makes terrible decisions. There were some twists but not enough for me to rate it higher.
Page turner,didn't see the end coming. I would love to see this on the big screen. Ready for the next good read recommendations  please!
I loved the twists & turns of perspectives in this book. it keeps you guessing! I love the writing style of this author. excellent read.
Great fast paced read. I enjoyed the separate perspectives. I highly recommend this and will be looking for other titles by this author.
Really liked this novel. It was a real page turner, I would highly recommend it. You would never have guessed the outcome until the end.
It was difficult  to  follow the characters at first - especially since some had 'different' names.  I think it would make a good movie.
Not as good as Gone Girl.  Not sure why everyone seems to think it is so good.  Rather predictable and a bit tedious until the very end.
Awesome psychological thriller.  Not normally my genre of choice but it was recommended to me by a friend.  I really enjoyed reading it!
I found the book to start slowly but the story and the characters built until I couldn't put the book down. I would highly recommend it!
I loved every page of the book and couldn't put it down for a second! I think that this is my new guilty pleasure genre, murder mystery!
Throughly enjoy it  couldn't put it down something in the story line just made me keep reading so I could get to the end to find out why
Well written with a few unexpected twists.  A very realistic portrayal of alcoholism and controlling behavior and love induced blindness
Starts out really, really slow...boring but once you get into it, it's better.  Still do not see why on the best seller list for so long
I enjoyed the way the novel was sewn and woven in time. It was a very improbable plot but empowering to know that the bully got his due.
I enjoyed the book, but it is not one I would recommend one read late at night or if one wants a relaxing story. It is an anxious story!
At first I thought it was boring, but once it picked up speed a bit I couldn't put it down. Great writing, easy and interesting to read.
The book started a bit slow but ended with a bang. I loved the twists and turns.  About halfway through the book I couldn't put it down.
I haven't been as hooked on a book since The Help.  I could not put it down until I was done.  Better than Gone Girl.  Loved every page.
Starts out great but halfway through becomes predictable. Not many surprises. You can figure out rather soon the direction of the story.
I really enjoyed reading this book. Fast paced and totally unpredictable. Excellent read. Great characters and no lulls. Explosive plots
It took me s little while to get into this one and then BAM hooked. Like can't get on with my life until I read the entire book, hooked.
Awesome book!  Very suspenseful.  Would highly recommend this book!  Have seen mixed reviews and I am glad I took a chance on this book!
This is a great story!  After reading the first three chapters I couldn't stop reading!  Love the plot twists and character development!
WOW!  What a ride!  This one has it all folks -- all 7 Deadly Sins, that is. Maybe eight. And it keeps you guessing right up to the end.
I recommend for all who like drama. Not as twisted and clever as gone girl but just enough suspense to keep you turning page after page.
An interesting story that keeps you reading.  Somewhat confusing as narrator keeps changing.  Compelling read but gloomy and depressing.
One sentence early in the story gave the plot away.  Nevertheless, the book was pleasant to listen to while I recovered from an illness.
Terrific story, told from a very unique perspective . Starts a little slow ... But builds up a full head of steam like a runaway train .
exciting, suspenseful.  At first a bit difficult to follow,but keep on as the story evolves and you will be surprised at the conclusion.
The book starts off a little slow at first, but then you get hooked. Not quite as bazaar as GF's books, but still catches you off guard.
Rarely do I read a story where I care for none of the characters.  The characters lacked depth. The story was contrived and predictable.
Starts slow and keeps on building.  Good read and tough to put down.  Good vacation book to read when you can read from start to finish.
A great thriller that was thoughtful and interesting. The complexity of the flawed characters and narration made for a real page turner.
Wow...what a page turner!  Once you start it is hard to put down.  The characters are telling  the tale but who is telling the truth??!!
Not sure why this book was so hyped up. I felt like it was slightly predictable or that I've read a book with a similar story line/plot.
Can't stop chasing the story till the end, though the murder's last confession isn't that dramatic, just a man can't end another affair.
Who believes a drunk?  She doesn't even remember or believe her own version reality...except when she can't forget what really happened.
This book builds on events slowly but keeps the reader engaged all the way to the end. I would recommend this to all my reading friends!
This book was very intriguing. It is the first one in a while that I was unable to put down. There's a big twist at the end. I loved it!
You can't put this book down. What a swirl of characters and plot twists! You are along for the ride and there is no telling who did it.
Engaging from the start.  Definitely a page turner and would recommend if someone is looking for a "Gone Girl-esq" type of book.
Great thriller. Could not stop reading it. Definitely reminiscent of Gone Girl with multiple surprising plot twists throughout the book.
Moves too slowly.
Never put it down
sorry I bought it
I lived this book
Boring narrative.
Good and different story.  Always moving.  Occasionally you had to figure out which person was talking, but that was not a big problem.
Great story with a lot of twists and turns, I found it hard to put it down! Recommend to anyone looking for a fast and intriguing read.
From start to finish, this dark tale is gripping and entertaining.  A thoroughly fascinating and mysterious read, almost until,the end.
Predictable story, monotonous characters and average writing. Would not recommend to avid readers. Far better books out there for sure.
Novel started out slow and the development of the characters was sometimes difficult to follow. The ending was very suspendful however.
Gripping enough, but the female characters are too much alike, and the alcoholism becomes tedious. Great sense of place. Decent pacing.
This was definitely good and a fast read - just not great.  I liked that the characters were flawed and that the ending was unexpected.
Told from the perspective of 3 individual women  whose lives intersect in unpredictable ways until the very end. I couldn't put it down
I couldn't stop reading this book.  I loved reading from the different characters perspective. And, I enjoyed the unpredictable ending.
Gets you wound up by the end - have to keep reading to find the answers. Well written and every character has a twisted little secret..
This was a great story!!  Loved the way it was written from different characters perspective!  Kept me interested right up to the end!!
Somewhat of a twisted story but enjoyed it very much.  It kept me wondering and trying to figure out how everyone was really entangled.
I enjoyed the book, however, I didn't find "anything to write home about".  A good read but I don't understand all the hoop-la.
Sociopaths abound in the world.  So much damage. This book is fiction, but the author makes you wonder, is there a sociopath next door?
Enjoyed very much. Different and a very interesting concept with the clues of what the girl on the train saw. Could not wait to finish.
Good - not great.  So many characters - all fatally flawed.  Hard to find one to root for.  Confused as to the comparisons to Gone Girl
Interesting plot wouldn't let me put the book down. I did see whodunit before it was revealed, but it was still good to hear the "why".
Similar to Rear Window.  Good read, but the ending was too obvious.  Enjoyed this novel very much and would read another by the author.
I couldn't put this book down.  It captured my attention from the beginning to the end with many surprises along the way.  A must read.
Could not stop until it was over. What a ride! Can't wait for the movie! Better than Gone Girl.<br/>Need a new book about each person.
I couldn't put it down. Intoxicatingly good and the first time I've ever been inside the mind of a sympathetic alcoholic.  Buy it. Now.
Good book.  Took a while to get onto it and keep the characters and days and times straight, but toward the end I couldn't put it down.
This book surprised me - and i am an avid mystery reader.  It upset me and yet I could not put it down.<br/><br/>Will read her again.
Totally surprised by ending. Had me staying up all night to finish the story unfold at the end. Weird that there was not one nice guy .
Started a little slow, then became a page-turner, then slowed again at the end. Overall I liked it. I would still recommend to friends.
A twisted tale of love, marriage, divorce, heartbreak, affairs and addictions of all sorts.  I can't wait to discuss with my book club!
A definite page turner...but make sure you know your characters or you could get lost along the way.  I loved all the twists and turns!
Was good, but not as great as I expected. I kinda figured it out halfway through.....I didn't like the characters all that much either.
This book is very well written. I loved the twists and turns. I could really relate to the characters. So real! I definitely recommend.
Amazing book! Keeps you guessing to the last minute! You think you know but then you second guess yourself. Highly recommend this book!
An gripping read from the first chapter. The story follows three women from their POV. Easy too read if english is your second laugage.
Amazing book! Keeps you on your toes. Each perspective keeps you digging for more and you won't be able to stop until you reach the end
l quite enjoyed this book.l expected more after l had to wait a month to get it from the library.A good holiday read but didn't love it
Expected much more - didn't care about any of the characters, so the story had very little meaning to me because it just didn't matter.
I thought it was well written and suspenseful with many twists to retain your attention.  A good read that I would recommend to others.
Very twisty and mysterious , a good read and very hard to put down. You find your self going back and forth, not knowing what to think!
Keeps you intrigued and on the edge of your seat the whole book through! Absolutely loved it, read it in two days! Couldn't put it down
it was ok.... a little slow at times but ok. the one thing that was annoying was the jumping around chronologically chapter to chapter.
Excellent! Great writing! Very suspenseful up until the very end! Would highly recommend this book-- an excellent beach read! Thank you
Recommend. It's making me write at least twenty words to post my stars. Weird. If you like a quick read mystery, you'll like this book.
Suspenseful lots of twist and turns. Paula  kept you guessing almost to the end a teal page Turner what a messed up bunch of characters
Good novel.  There were times I wanted a little more details about events that occurred.  Otherwise, it was great and hard to put down.
This isn't going to win any awards, and the story is basic enough, but it's a good holiday read or something to pass time on a commute.
Engaging story.  The author has a keen understanding of the effects of alcohol on women, which made the story authentic.  Well written.
This was a great read!  As fast paced as Gone Girl but not quite as twisted (just normal-level twisted)!  I didn't want to put it down!
absolutely loved this book. would read all over again. hope they make it into a movie one day. a must read. surprises in every chapter.
This book was great! I was interested through the whole thing. The plot took many different turns. Best one I have read in a long time!
A page turner. Don't think I would recommend it but seem to keep telling people about it. So who knows, guess that is a recommendation.
Mystery reading at its best.  Do yourself a big favor and read this book!  Your summer will not be the same until you do.  Great read!!
This book is a page -turning thriller. Chapters feature different points of view of the women characters. So good I read it in one day!
One of the best new books I have read in some time.  Great story and a perfect "beach" read.  You won't be able to put it down.
I don't usually like stories like this (with a mystery thrown in) but this book was great. I liked how the writer shifted perspectives.
This is a great book! If you liked Gone Girl you will like this too.  A little more fast pace than Gone Girl...I got hooked right away.
The Girl on the Train is similar to Gone Girl in that the characters are unreliable narrators.  I enjoyed the book but did not love it.
Good book.......sometimes I got confused about the characters, because it flipped back and forth, otherwise it was a pretty quick read.
Character development and twists and turns kept me on the edge of my seat. This was my first Paula Hawkins novel and I'm now a big fan.
I thought this was a very engrossing storyline with well developed characters.  The ending was very unexpected which made it memorable.
Great Book. A little hard to get into at first, it jumps around from person to person. But once you get into it, you can't put it down.
What a great book.  I couldn't put it down, and even though I knew I was close to the end of the book, you were still kept in suspense.
Throughly enjoyed this page turner. Good pacing, surprising ending, and well drawn, sympathetic characters. I was hooked from page one.
An entertaining read written with a similar flavor as Gone Girl, I found The Girl on the Train not as suspenseful, dark or captivating.
Quick read.  Depressing story but couldn't put it down. Sad characters. Really no great message here behind the story but entertaining.
This was a page-turner narrated alternately by the main characters, who were complex and capable of justifying all their bad decisions.
This book had a very interesting and exciting story line. I found myself loving each and every chapter!! Definitely recommend this one.
I could not put this down. It reminded me of Hitchcock's Rear Window. It really reeled me in.  If you like suspense you will like this.
Kept my interest throughout the entire book. Surprise ending.  Wondering what happens to Rachel in the future. Does she find happiness?
characters that seem to havee no redemptive qualities--did not care for this book and do  not know why people are making a fuss over it
This is a great suspenseful read that reminded me of Gone Girl. However this story is unique and I did not expect the twist at the end.
Couldn't put it down!  I can never figure out the endings of her books.  She's an amazing story teller. I would recommend all her books
If you like dark suspenseful novels then this book is perfect for you. I don't like either, I read this for book club and wish I hadn't
The author did a great job of character development and suspense. I liked that I didn't know who the bad guy was for most of the story.
At first  I didn't understand that the person telling the story kept changing. Once i realized what was happening I enjoyed the story.l
Interesting story but a  bizarre plot and definitely unbelievable.  The writing is good and at times,even gripping.  I give it 3 stars.
Well written; suspenseful. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys plot twists. Goes "Gone Girl" one better. Couldn't put it down.
This is one of those books that I couldn't put down. I love the writing style and will definitely read more by this author. Intriguing!
I couldn't put it down. I read it in three days. It has a "Rear Window" feel to it. I also listened to it in the car with Whisper Sinc.
an interesting story line with a few twists and turns throughout the story! an ok book, but not as good as all the hype, in my opinion.
Loved the themes, style of storytelling and characters. A quick read that pulls you in immediately and keeps you reading until the end.
What starts as a depressing narrative of a life in tatters quickly erupts into a murder mystery that keeps you guessing and reguessing.
This was a suspenseful, thrilling, psychological drama... I enjoyed this book and would read more by this author. Great book club pick.
You know when the book is so good you pace yourself to make it last? Yes, this is that book-loved it, absolutely thrilling page turner!
Well written. I liked the format of first person narrative for each character. The book had a little bit of everything. Very well done.
Well written, but very disturbing characters whose lives all revolve around sexual encounters.  Only read it because my book choose it.
It was pretty amazing....I kinda had a hunch about the ending in the middle of the book...as it does gives clues...enjoyed it very much
This was an OK read. It did not have the intensity of "Gone Girl" and I found none of the characters the least bit sympathetic.
I can see this being made into a Lifetime movie...but I hope it doesn't happen. The storytelling is good and last few chapters intense.
Awesome book-had me guessing the whole time! Highly recommend it! You won't be disappointed-not one little bit-read it today-right now!
Lots of twists and turns, it keeps you guessing. A little longer and drawn out than it needed to be Imho, but engrossing and well done.
A bit confusing at first but once you catch on it sucks you in ! A bit alike in theme to gone girl, but different and well worth a read
Fantastic book and quite original. Characters were great and it was quite unpredictable.<br/>Loved it from start to finish. Must read.
This was a book club pick and I didn't know anything about it, but just dove right in. Couldn't put it down. Absolutely fantastic book!
Very enjoyable read. I loved the story and would highly recommend to other readers. I would look forward to other books by this author.
Modern style for a modern novel. At points slow developing, but awakens deeply when the roads cross and the real subject becomes known.
Great read. Suspenseful from the start. Surprise ending. I want more...hoping for sequel. I highly recommend this book and this author.
Very gone girl. Good fun fast read. Actually more believable than gone girl. Recommend for light reading, maybe while riding the train.
I enjoyed the first three quarters of the book more than how it ended. I was disappointed the ending turned into a pseudo action movie.
The characters are not well-developed enough; the three women are quite similar.  It seemed a bit contrived, but was an enjoyable read.
Short, easy read.  Not a bad who done it, written from a unique perspective.  If you're looking for light reading, this is a good book.
Fully entertaining story, engaging from the first chapter to the surprising ending, can't wait for the next book to be written by Paula
Interesting story line told through the eyes of three women.  Many twists and turns that keep you guessing.  The book is worth reading.
Stayed up all night to read this book! Plot twists. Strong characters. Best book I've read in quite a while.  Reminded me of Gone Girl.
This story starts you on a train and you don't want to stop reading ! A good mystery until the end! I enjoyed going along for the ride!
I had a hard time getting into it, but the more I rread the more I wanted to read.The ending was not what I expected.Would recommend it
Didn't like the skipping back and forth between characters. Only read a couple of chapters. Good promise just couldn't hold my interest
Really good book!! To much reading back and forth between characters. It would have made me stop reading if it wasn't for the good plot
I loved this book!!! A bit confusing at the start as to who is who- but couldn't put it down after that!  I see a movie in its' future.
Quick read so you can help find the killer.<br/><br/>Love the views from each of the women.<br/><br/>I could feel the train moving.
I enjoyed the read; it kept my attention and it was difficult to put this book down!  I thought I had it all figured out...I was wrong.
Great thriller. Flawed characters. If you liked Gone Girl, you will enjoy this book as well. Very Hitchcockian. I couldn't put it down.
Captivating. Exhilarating. Loved it!! Can't wait for more from this author. If you liked gone girl or other thrillers you will love it.
Could not put this book down!!!!! I can't wait to read another book by this author!!! One of the best books I've read in a long time!!!
I'm always hesitant to try a new author. I'm so glad I took a chance. This book was amazing. This is a book you don't want to put down.
I really enjoyed this book and the way the story was narrated from each of the characters perspectives.  A really well written mystery.
Read this book in two days and I couldn't put it down even at work.  It gets you from the moment you start and keeps you until the end.
I heard a lot about this novel so I ordered it for my kindle...I pushed my way through it , but wasn't as good as I expected it to be.
The story was great, lots of unexpected twists and turns. But I couldn't make myself care about any of the characters....Disappointed!
First ever audiobook and I loved it! Every spare moment I had for a week straight was spent holding up my iPad listening to this book.
I expected to like it better. It went too quickly from one character to the other. Sometimes confusing. Movie will probably be better.
Sorry! Found the story tedious and characters one dimensional,  Only read halfway through and then dropped it in a  book donation bin.
Worthy of the time. It is entertaining.  Since there are a limited about of characters, it is a bit predictable,but still a good read.
The characters are well developed, appropriately human and consistent. The story is fast-paced, but deep enough to hold your interest.
Well written book. Very intriguing with a love story intertwined with mystery, romance and wonder.<br/>Maybe there might be a sequel!
The main characters made me feel much better about my life.  Other than that its a decent read.  My life is not changed because of it.
I liked it! I think Hawkins tried too hard to make Rachel's character interesting. I enjoyed it a lot, though. I totally recommend it!
Suspenseful, yet depressing. This is a fast read. The characters lives are bitterly sad, but intriguing and very twisted.  Good author
A great read.  The suspense keeps you turning the page.  Hawkins' style flows easily and the story is uncomplicated, but well layered.
Such an interesting, poignant tale of love, and loss, and lies! It made we want to ride the train while I was reading it! Good ending!
Beginning very confusing, main character drew no empathy from me, pathetic and weak. Whole book was characters talking in their heads.
I chose this rating because once I picked it up, I couldn't put it down until i had finished it, that doesn't happen to me that often!
Hard to follow with the alternating years and different people alternating their stories.  Expected more considering the high ratings.
Great book!  Kept me guessing and could not put it down!  Well written, great story with surprise ending!  Highly recommend this book.
Easy reading, thought provoking, and an eye opener for anyone that drinks too much and maybe shouldn't.  Interesting and entertaining!
I never would have suspected that would be the killer . Great read . Highly recommend this thriller. Can't wait to read the next book.
This is the most exciting book I've read in a long time! I couldn't put it down. With a twist at the end that was most unexpected ....
This book was read by me in two days - I just COULD NOT put it down.  I really enjoyed the characters and the continuity of the story.
A story every bit as exciting as Gone Girl. Hard to put it down! I enjoyed this novel immensely! Great writing, hope there is a movie!
I liked it. It held my attention. I didn't solve the mystery until the main character did. So it wasn't predictable. I'd recommend it.
Although none of the characters were very likeable, you were involved in their lives relatively quickly.  The ending was not expected.
I guess after hearing so many people talk about this book I expected it to hold my attention a bit more.  I was slightly disappointed.
I really enjoyed tis book.  I saw a review comparing it to Gone Girl, aol I thought it would be worth a try.  I could NOT put it down.
Story is too drawn out. Main character is annoying to the point I wanted to give up.  Good insight into the thinking of an alcoholic .
Excellent read.  Just when you thought you knew where the storyline was heading,  big surprise.  Thoroughly enjoyed every single page.
Not at all what I expected.. Great character development .. Held my attention.. Woke up in the middle of the night " one more chapter"
Terrific read, unusually structured, beautifully developed characters and a satisfying little twist at the end. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
The story was good and most of the characters developed well.  The way the dates flashed back and forth was a bit difficult to follow.
Story of love, lust and revenge. Similar to Gone Girl but told in different characters voices.  Definitely recommend.  Good beach read
Could not put it down. Every time I thought I knew what was going on, there was a sharp turn to throw me off. Nobody is who they seem.
Suspenseful, interesting, kept me wanting to read. A literary masterpiece? Not really, but definitely not a waste of time and/or money
Very predictable. It wasn't a bad book, but I felt that it took too long to get to it's predictable climax and then rushed the ending.
Poor character development and every character is so fatally flawed that by the end, you don't feel anything but hate for any of them.
A quick read, suspenseful.  Anyone who enjoys mystery novels won't be able to put it down.  Some British slang but still an easy read.
It moved at a slow trains pace but kept building.  The last half of this book is a never put it down kinda read.  What a great ending.
Very good read. I wish the main character weren't so sad and slightly pathetic but it's very suspenseful with a nice twist at the end.
It was agonizing..it kept my interest, but I just wanted to find out "who done it" and finish the insanity. Not my cup of tea.
Excellent .....but following all the characters when I had to stop and start the book due to allotted time, made me lose some details.
You think you know each character but each chapter reveals another layer until you can't stop reading.Good Read from beginning to end.
It's been many years since I last read a book in one day.  I could not put it down!  I was totally immersed in the story.  Great read!
But once I got the characters correct I could not put down the book. I like the fact that the characters easily could be people I knew
The further I read in this book, the harder it was to put down. I don't usually read this genre but I was engrossed by the characters.
Confusing at first but kept my interest to the suspenseful ending.  I highly recommend this book.....it's worth your time...Good read.
Unpredictable plot, believable characters and dialogue; out of the 100 or so books read in the past year, this one ranks in the top 5.
Great book. I really enjoyed it and couldn't put it down until I finished it. In my opinion having a flawed hero rooted it in reality.
Best book I've read in ages. Exciting realistic  and very satisfying. I thoroughly recommend it. Paula Hawkins is a master storyteller
Good mystery; however, impaired narrative structure and 1st person voice of Rachel fluctuates between being imprecise and declarative.
A great thriller! You cannot put it down until the end!!! Highly recommended novel. The ending is such a twist. Very good read indeed.
OMG, not sure why people are loving this book, my friend highly recommended it, I was so bored and depressed I almost didn't finish it
A compelling read but without the originality or cleverness of Gone Girl. I got tired of Rachel's constant drinking early in the book.
This book was full of suspense.  I literally could not put it down until I finished the last chapter.  I finished it in one afternoon.
I was surprised by how the book ended, I didn't see the twist coming. I love the fact that it is told from 3 different points of view.
This is a very well told story. I like the way it switches characters for each chapter to get all perspectives. Good suspenseful read.
I liked it, I wouldn't say it is great but it is a good read ... I would recommend it to anyone who likes this type of novel / mystery
Interesting and intriguing story. A bit confusing at the beginning but pay attention to who is speaking and the dates of the chapters.
Set time aside, you won't be able to put it down .<br/>Never a dull moment, the characters are well defined.<br/>Highly recommended.
A very exciting novel , keeps you on suspicion<br/><br/>A very exciting novel , keeps you in suspense right to the end. A great read
Great read. I could feel how she saw life outside the train. Fantasy is fantasy. Things always seem to work out. In a round-a-bout way
I enjoyed reading the book, at the beginning was kind of lost with the characters, later I did understand and could follow it through.
Initially I found the time line confusing. But it turned in to a riveting read. Good plot twists and turns, leading to a grand finale.
Fast paced, full of suspense and interesting characterizations.  I enjoyed the book and look forward to more books from Paula Hawkins.
Did not enjoy the book very much. One main characters, Rachel, was annoying and hard to like. Would not recommend this book to anyone.
Very enjoyable read. Several friends recommended it and I'm glad I took their advice! Loved the setting and the build up of the story.
Great quick read! Good mystery, even if some parts are predictable, enough other aspects are surprising enough to make it a good read.
Very exciting mystery. The author made me feel like I was there. Every emotion and every situation practically jumped off the pages...
Interesting characters. Lots of twists and turns. Enjoyable read on a rainy day. You won't be disappointed if you like suspense books.
This has been one of the best books I have read in a while. It definitely kept me on the edge of my seat! Full of twists and suspense!
It was somewhat confusing at the beginning but improved as it evolved. Had to finish in one setting. Late night but very good reading!
Very much in the style of Gone Girl. A mystery. Flawed characters. Obsession. I couldn't put it down. I know I'll miss the characters.
I loved the method of each chapter written from a different character's point of view.  Well written, nice twist at the end; loved it!
it was a good book, not great. If you are looking for a easy page turner without a lot of depth to take on vacation this is your book.
I really enjoyed this fast paced gone girl feel.. I love the way that the books chapters alternate between the different characters :)
Fantastic read!!  Well written and full of suspense, while thought provoking and emotional. A great read I highly recommend this book!
Couldn't put the book down. Each chapter brought you deeper engrossed into all the characters. Great ending. Not going to give it away
Fast read. Ok story. Didn't like most of the characters so hard to drum up sympathy for them.  Found some of the plotlines farfetched.
Couldn't put this book down. Finished it at 2 in the morning.  Suspenseful. Can't wait to see what happens. Kinda dark and depressing.
Fabulous. Easy to get lost in the characters. Sinister.  Lies and deceit.  Great ending. Recommend this to anyone who likes a mystery.
It peaked my curiosity even through the middle of the book when I couldn't wait for it to get moving. Short easy read. I recommend it.
This book is one of the best I've read in years -- enthralling, twisting, suspenseful. Excellent, surprises you when you least expect.
This was such an excellent book. The telling from three different viewpoints kept me engaged. Just an excellent and entertaining read!
Loved the premise but was disappointed with the expanded story. Read at night before bed so that might have added to slight confusion.
This book was seriously even better than gone girl. So suspenseful and kept my interest the whole time. Would definitely recommend it.
This novel was excellent.  It keeps your attention and keeps you wondering page after page. I will read more of Paula Hawkins' novels.
I enjoyed the book, it was suspenseful and the girl on the train finally got sober and took care of business,  I drink a toast to her.
There were so many twists and turns...  I couldn't put it down!  I highly recommend this to someone that enjoys a "who-dun-it"
Very dynamic book the plot  is extremely interesting , the end a surprise and a very good read, I would recommend this book completely
I enjoyed the book very much.  The way it was written going from character to character was different but I liked the way it was done.
Interesting perspective, written first person from the various characters.  Drags a little for the first half but the end is worth it!
I bought this for my wife and then decided to read if(ran out of Alan Furst novels). It's well done and keeps you guessing til the end
An easy read that is hRd to put down. The mystery of the real murderer is constantly changing as you get into the character's motives.
I can't remember ever being this disappointed in a book.  A very boring at least until the end where it became a bit more interesting.
Enjoyed it! A few areas where there were some "holes", but all it all I was interested in the characters and the story worked.
This book was just okay for me.  I thought it started off really well but then it seemed to just drag along for the rest of the story.
This book was so riveting that I read the entire thing in one day and totally enjoyed it.  Definitely very interesting and not boring.
You'll love every page.  This is a Compelling from start to finish.  Great writing with a tight plot line.  Have fun reading this one!
I was recovering from retina surgery and had to finish to the end with one eye behind my back.  That is how much I enjoyed this book !
Great gradual build of tension.  Couldn't stop reading it. Each character had a distinctive voice and you can feel all their emotions.
It held my interest through the whole book. All the time I thought that the wrong person had committed the murder. It was a good read.
This is one of the best mysteries I've read all year.  The story is imaginative and unusual, and I couldn't put it down for very long.
What a great read!  The novel starts a little slow but picks up the pace.  After several twists and turns, it has a surprising ending.
Boring book. Very confusing the way it jumps around. I closed it before even finishing it. How it got such rave reviews is beyond me!!
Book was good, but not my best read.  Dragged a little in the middle.  That being said, I would tell people it was ok.<br/><br/>Edie
What a book, it would make a great movie. For a little while I thought the main character had multiple personalities, boy was I wrong!
Had a hard time getting into it.  Really confusing in the beginning.  Wouldn't have felt bad had I missed it.  All in all it was okay.
Compelling thriller, without being stupid and cheesy like most of them are. Page turner with great characters and an interesting plot.
I've not finished it yet, but am enjoying the way the author is revealing the past. Looking forward to finding out why Dorothy did it.
The writing is crisp but the plot a bit plodding and obvious. Unreliable narrators are interesting to a point but then tedium sets in.
Excellent twists and turns make this hard to put down. Some big surprises in store that make it hard to predict what will happen next.
From beginning to end a sad story of a depressed person. No real point or substance. I felt compelled to finish but even that was sad.
A real page turner. Better than Gone Girl. There is no one innocent in this story. Things happen to us, but worse people happen to us.
Excellent read.. The writing is excellent, unfolding a character/ plot driven story that keeps the reader from wanting to put it down.
Lots of twists and turns, keeps you guessing<br/>Really a very good read!  Would recommend to anyone who's looking for a good mystery
Read this in one weekend. A similar read to Gone Girl.....exciting, fun book that is interesting and keeps you guessing until the end.
Couldn't put it down  very cleverly written with twists and turns. I would recommend this for anyone who likes psychotic all thrillers
It was an interesting and fast moving mystery. Quick read and fun. Can read it in a single evening but it wont keep you awke worrying.
It's 1230am..whew! Non stop,curious,twists and turns.  The interweaving of the 3 ladies' stories is brilliant. I was fooled two times.
I couldn't put it down. Really,I stayed up all night and read it in one sitting.<br/>Interesting characters,great plot twists.<br/>I
I downloaded this book hoping it would be like Gone Girl and wasn't disappointed.  Having it set in England made it that much better!!
Great story..couldn't put it down...loved it.  Cannot wait for the movie!!!  I found myself relating to Rachel. Anna and Megan. Wow!!!
This was a fantastic read! A great suspense novel with a great twist! I look forward to more great works from this incredible author!
I couldn't put this book down. I definitely suggest this book. Very entertaining. Love this genre. Also looking forward to the movie.
Great book! Very suspenseful and well written. It kept me guessing until the very end! A must read if you like suspenseful thrillers!
Always looking for a good book that I can't put down.  This was definitely one of those books.  Now I need to find another like it...
The book is a simple, quick read that is somewhat suspenseful. The only thing that's obnoxious is how pathetic the main character is.
The book started great and continued till the last word. A well crafted story, a riveting read. The characters were very well etched.
A page turner that had me finished in two sittings!  Peering into the lives of others trying like mad to figure out what is going on!
Best novel I've read in a long time.  It seems every chapter adds another twist to the plot.  I hope Paula Hawkins keeps them coming.
I did not like the characters in the book. I felt it was hard to get into, but finished the book anyway. Was not one of my favorites.
Couldn't put this book down. Intriguing! Love the way it was written!<br/>I recommend this book to anyone that likes a good mystery.
Amazing twists and dark turns. A true page-turner! I feel very satisfied and complete, now that I'm finished reading it. Superb book.
Loved this book. Well written and kept my attention all through the book. I normally am not a mystery lover but this was outstanding.
even though I figured out the bad guy before it was revealed, this book was very suspenseful and surprising.  I enjoyed it very much.
The book started out slow for me and just about the time I was ready to put it down, wow!  What a great plot and what a great ending!
I could not put this book down! I was seriously reading on my breaks and lunches at work! The book kept me interested the whole time!
I will recommend this book to anyone that loves mystery and suspense. I was surprised at the ending and how it turned out. Excellent!
Great read! I love that it was written from a unique perspective, or perspectives, actually. Totally thrilling, couldn't put it down!
Took me a little while to get me bearings with the flow and the perspective, but once I did I was hooked. A page-turner till the end.
Kept reading, as I thought it would take me somewhere interesting.  What a dead end.  I do not understand the hype for this monotony.
This was predictable and slow. Seemed taken from Hitchcock. Not especially well written either.<br/>I am surprised it is so popular.
I couldn't put it down! It's so much more fun than gone girl... Unpredictable, tightly drafted, suspenseful. A great fun page turner.
An excellent read......I couldn't put the book down and the ending was worth the wait.<br/>Interesting characters and good storyline
Great vacation book. Goes quickly because you can't put it down!  Get the characters straight from the beginning or you will be lost.
I'd heard great reviews about this book and wasn't disappointed.  It kept my attention and I was interested in reading it to the end.
Couldn't put it down! I had all I could to take a break. I became a part of the investigation and needed to solve the mystery myself.
I enjoyed this one.  I like the way Flynn writes her books, from different character perspectives.  Didn't see the end coming either.
The last chapters are all you need to read. The main character is sooo boring, whiney and I really struggled to get through the book.
Loved it - slow to start but not too far in it grabbed me and I couldn't put it down.  Look forward to more stories from this author.
Loved all the different people telling their stories, the building of the plot!  Great mystery that keeps one guessing until the end.
Great read, kept me turning the pages. Was a little different flipping back and forth between people, but I really enjoyed the story.
I was looking for anothe read like Gone girl.  This was a good second novel.  Not quite as good, but still kept me turning the pages.
This book had such potential, but the plot twists at the end were frenzied and disappointing. I wouldn't recommend Girl on the Train.
Good psychological mystery that takes a major left turn at the end. On the level of '"gone girl".<br/>A page turner for sure
Really enjoyed this book.  Fast moving story line kept it interesting.  I can see what it is so popular.  Would recommend to a friend
I couldn't put it down! I loved the format of morning & evening as well! Read in under 2 days! I just had to know what happened next!
I almost didn't read it because some reviews said that none of the characters were likeable. That may be so but it was a great story.
Riveting! More mystery than psychological thriller, but a very interesting and well-written story. I loved the alternating narrators.
I didn't really care for Gone Girl. This book was somewhat the same. There will be a lot of people who probably will enjoy it though.
The girl on the train is not the best book I have read.  I don't like books that keep going back to the past and back to the present.
Loved the story, I had to finish it before I laid it down, very exciting.I never thought that the book would end the way that it did.
Thrilling, gripping, very entertaining read. Also, it's a manageable length- good to fill a few days of mystery reading at the beach.
A real page Turner. Could not put it down. So different from other reads. Kept you thinking  and leading you in  different directions
I found I could not put the book down - not entirely full of surprises.  The principle characters were well depicted and seemed real.
Very well written. Excellent character development and very well paced. It completely held my interest and was very hard to put down.
Glad I read this about alcoholism, abusive relationships and the many ways we cope.  Highly recommend both book and excellent author.
I couldn't put the book down therefor it was a fast read for me.  Very enjoyable....lots of twists and turns.<br/>I really liked it!
It held my interest.  Got somewhat tedious but had to keep reading to find out what was going to happen next.<br/>  Surprise ending.
Who both need psychiatrists, self involved to the ninth degree. Ending has a nice twist but who wants to spent the time to get there.
Very suspenseful and well scripted mystery.  I found it hard to put down, even though I don't usually read this type of novel (dark).
I had a hard time putting this book down. Such unpredictable twists and I really had emotional responses to the characters. Loved it!
This is truly a gripping novel of intertwined characters. I did not want to put it down. It was a bit too long but very entertaining.
This was a good book, I finished it rather quickly and definately recommend it, it kept you turning pages and nto wanting to put down
I read this is two afternoons. I just had to know the ending. The characters were developed well and I sympathized with many of them.
Definitely ended differently than what I expected! Makes you not want to trust anyone. Good, fast read, but I wouldn't see the movie.
This book was a page turner. It was hard to put down! I loved the main character and the development of her story.  It's a must read!
I really enjoyed this book. It keeps you guessing and on the edge of your seat. I finished this book in a day. I highly recommend it.
I had difficulty getting into this book at first. It picked up and I really wasn't sure what the outcome would be until the very end.
Not the greatest I have read recently but a handy page turner on a holiday or while traveling a little drawn out for not much return.
Had a hard time staying with this one in the beginning, but half way through, the train leaves the station and I was on a great ride.
I enjoyed the book after I got into it-it seemed slow at first but I got engrossed in it finally and enjoyed it.  Interesting ending.
Full of suspense. Just when you think you have it all figured out...Bam! Well written, intoxicating and a truly worthwhile must read!
The story dragged on in places, so I found myself trying to hurry through. As I was closer to the end, it finally peaked my interest.
It was an interesting type of writing but it got a bit much after awhile. Pulled it out a little at the end to save it from a 1 star.
In a word: tedious. Interesting, well researched, but tedious. The psychologist rang true. The alcoholism felt real. Hard to believe!
Fast paced, nice twist, but predictable ending.  Don't really see what all the hype was about.  Have read better more exciting books.
Intense and couldn't put it down. Enjoyed the different voices of the three women. If you liked Gone Girl you will like this one too.
I was hooked right away as soon I dove into the book. The different character perspectives kept it really intriguing and interesting.
Hard to put down. You have to pay attention to the timelines, which are a bit confusing at first. But other than that, a great story.
Takes a while to "get into it." After it gets going and you get a sense of the characters, it holds your attention very well.
I couldn't put his book down. Tons of scandal, cheating, murder, and other suspenseful, terrible stuff. Good way to spend a night in.
This was an okay read.  The characters weren't very sympathetic, and the alcoholic woman's actions were often downright unbelievable.
Could not stop reading this book.  Captivating...so well written. Rich characters. Felt like I was right there with them!  Excellent!
This book was enjoyable. It was a bit hard to keep the dates straight reading on an electronic device, but the story was interesting.
Great character development and plot.  Nice job by the author dropping clues along the way to keep you guessing. Very enjoyable read.
So much fun. Easy to read, exciting, funny, and constantly moving. I'll be looking for more books by this author. Highly recommended.
Because of all the publicity this book received I guess I was looking for more - I was somewhat underwhelmed by the lack of suspense.
Very slow and somewhat confusing at first, twisting and turning storyline at the end though. Good writing, mystery, plot, characters.
laborious read..overrated..did not hold my interest..although i knew what the writer was doing..so it appeared to me to be contrived.
I really enjoyed this book. It is the best book I read in a while. It was suspenseful and not at all predictable. A true page turner!
A very interesting story, the main character gets self-analytical at times which gets interesting. You find yourself pulling for her.
The different layers added to the story as it progressed kept me wondering what would happen next.  I really enjoyed this light read.
This was an unexpected find. It was an amazing ride. This book was worth the read. Super good captures a human truth in a unique way.
Suspenseful from start to finish. Great read will keep you on the edge of your seat flipping pages to find out what will happen next!
Well written as always, sympathized with all the characters and their sad stories. I can't wait to read another novel by Ms. Hawkins.
This book has so many twists and turns. You're always playing the detective while you're reading. Surprises non stop. Excellent read.
This book keeps the reader guessing the entire time. Very well written, and great character development. Well worth the time to read.
It keeps you second guessing who you should trust and who's side you should be on. Love the different perspectives of each character.
The book was frustrating. For some reason it made me think of Gone Girl. It really got me though and finally the end a huge surprise.
Some very disturbing characters, but certainly an intriguing story and hard to put down. Good thriller, along the lines of Gone Girl.
This book is a lot like Gone Girl.  It was slow in the middle.  There is a twist at the end.  I liked it and read it for a book club!
Tries too hard to be mysterious and suspenseful. Long winded and storyline was not believable. Not a good read for fans of gone girl.
Kept the level of interest high.  Interesting that none of the characters were stable or nice.  Wished there were some normal people.
Starts out slow, but picks up speed at an incredible pace. Wow. Great book.  Never a dull moment.  Can't wait for a movie to be made.
Absolutely loved this book, recommended it to all my girlfriends. Couldn't put it down, perhaps not a real mystery but very enjoyable
I loved it. I couldn't put it down I needed to know more and who and when and why and then I was shocked! I can't wait for the movie.
best book I've read since Gone Girl,exceptional writing, great characters,I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good read
A good read if you need to search for  a character you can like and do not mind failing .  Life is more than sex and  the f---- word!
I started out really liking this book.  After I finished it, all I could think was that it was just OK.  The ending is disappointing.
Interesting who done it. Written in a diary format. Lots of switching between characters. Comparable to "Gone Girl" in style.
Strange and not very interesting at the beginning but exciting absolutely while reading. Could not help myself but read without stop.
This was a really interesting read.  It's kinda hard not to like Rachel, the main character, in this book, but she's a complete mess.
It's been a long time since I've read a book that I could hardly put down. I would gave given it 5 stars if not for the bad language.
Great page turner.  Perfect for book clubs.  It is a great ride. Highly recommend it.<br/>I must look for more books by this author.
Keeps you guessing the whole book. A lot of screwed up people, hard to figure out who is worse. I'm looking forward to her next book.
It had me on the first page. Love the change in voice in each chapter. I thoroughly enjoyed the story telling. Finished it on Amtrak.
Not the best "thriller" I have ever read. A little different because it took place in England. Similar to "Gone Girl"
So many plot twists and wonderful, albeit flawed characters.  Kept me guessing until the very end! A page turner I couldn't put down.
Really enjoyed this one.  Lots of twists that keep you guessing as to who did it.  Like how it all ties up at the end.  Recommend it!
This book can grab you and keep you...read it all in one day.  But...I knew the outcome early. If you think you know, you probably do
Such an enjoyable read!  Filled with twists, turns, and suspense.  Will definitely look for more from this author in the near future.
A clue of girls and I decided to read this together. long distance.<br/>Oops! I read it in two days.<br/>I could not put it down!!!
Very interesting book.  The author kept the reader curious and wanting to read every page.  Twists and turns.  Very highly recommend.
Very good book. Quite a twist of characterization, but makes you stay focused till the very end. Excellent weekend book to recommend.
Started slow and I even wondered if I should continue.  I am glad I did.  A very different with 3 women carrying a story.  Good read.
Could not stop reading....was a great 1st timers book. The characters were vivid and compelling I will look for more from this Author
Characters not believable.  Poorly written. Predictable. A bit boring.  Not sure why this book is popular.  I would not recommend it.
This book certainly held my interest and I would recommend it - just make sure you follow the dates at the beginning of each chapter.
Intriguing story with diverse personalitys in each character. The guilty person was not easy to determine in this well crafted story.
It was slow reading in the beginning. It took me awhile to get into this book half way through it it picked up  and finish quickly .
Disappointed in this book after all the hype bout it.  Easy to read. Switched back and forwards between characters through the book.
I found it confusing at first, read first couple of chapters twice...then realised what was going on and enjoyed every minute of it.
Unappealing characters caught up in unappealing situations. Giving it a 3 is a stretch for me. I think my expectations were to high.
Fascinating look into the minds of three wounded souls, all revolving around the trains.  Surprising plot twists.  Hard to put down.
A book that keeps you interested and wanting to know more.  I really enjoyed the writing style and didn't want to put the book down.
Suspenseful, but not entirely a surprise ending. Took a while for it to get interesting, but once it did, it was good. Worth a read.
I had a hard time putting this book down once I started reading it! The ending was totally unexpected- I would definitely recommend!
This book was excellent! Which is a surprise after reading Gone Girl. The ending was a surprise and it definitely held my attention.
I thought I had figured it out midway through, and was compelled to keep reading to learn the outcome. Suspenseful, Satisfying book.
One of those that you cannot put down until finished.  The violence and mention of sex was not offensive as no real detail is given.
Quick paced story.  Couldn't put it down.  Sorry it's over.  Easy to follow the characters.  Great summer read.  Perfect beach book.
Loved it!  Hawkins develops her characters in a way that keeps you turning the page to find out what's going to happen to them next.
Very good taut thriller! At times you begin to question who is who. I highly recommend taking a ride on this train. It is fast read.
Very interesting and good read.  I hated all the characters, but couldn't put it down.  Couldn't wait to see what was hapening next.
Intriguing and hard to put down- the characters are pithy and emotionally scarred. I couldn't put it down, had to finish it quickly.
Great summer read! The end was a true page turner and it was a fun summer distraction - never knew who the killer was until the end.
It kept my interest until the end ....really??? It was as if the author did not know how to end the book and someone else took over!
This book will engulf you and leave you wanting more. With its twists and turns you are able to experience each character's persona.
A rear window type mystery  . You'd hope better for the main character who willingly puts herself in one bad situation after another
Kept me interested, easy read, though it did get a little predictable midway through. I would definitely recommend as a summer read.
I loved it! Couldn't put it down - too many nights I had to force myself to stop reading. Great writer thoroughly enjoyed this book.
A must read for everyone. I am 100% sure that every human being can identify with at least one of the persons depicted in this book.
It was a little hard to get into at first but then I just didn't want to put it down!! Better then the rest and a must summer read!!
Loved it. Couldn't stop reading. So much struggling in this book, each character with his or her own story. Enjoyed this book a ton.
Don't listen to me on this one.  I was just not in the mood for this.  Too depressing, I could not get in to this one.  Maybe later.
This book kept me on the edge of my seat in wonder!  You had to keep going so as to figure things out!  Great summer reading choice!
Great read....did not expect the ending.  The characters evolved as you read the book.  Worth the read...Worth the purchase. Thanks!
This book has suspense and twist and turns in abundance. A great read! I love a good murder mystery and this book didn't disappoint.
This book started out slowly, but it soon got me hooked. I spent the rest of the book changing my mind over what I thought happened.
I couldn't put it down! I've been starting books for months but never finishing them. I finished this one and was sad it had to end!
It was disjointed and weird. I didn't feel like it flowed well. The story was good. The writing was good. The execution was lacking.
Twists and turns in the book keep the suspense a. A very exciting read. I would rec o mend this story to anyone who liked Gone Girl.
Just a good 'old fashioned "who donnit" story told in a style similar to "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn. Do Recommend.
Once I started reading I couldn't put it down.  I was ambivalent about Rachel from the start, but by mid-book I was rooting for her.
Good read with suspenseful twists that made it very entertaining. Has a "Gone Girl" vibe to the story. Definitely recommend!
Some compare to Gone Girl , I think it is more like a Hitchcok tale. Characters are all flawed. Great story  easy read. Page turner.
From the first chapter, I was hooked. This us a good who done it. I like how the story was told from the perspective of three women.
I gave the book a three rating because I felt it was , at times hard to follow. I bought the book because it was highly recommended.
This was actually a pretty good book but the author went on to long about the main character being a loser. I would still recommend.
This is a well if predictably plotted yarn ,poorly written  non sympattic caracters . Pulls you in .dont start cause you will finish
Very exciting book.  Hard to put down.  Characters are somewhat flat but the story is a blast and will keep you involved throughout.
it was a good story.  it kept my attention.<br/>good beach read.<br/>I like this type of format.<br/>you'll figure it out though.
I don't like this book because it is depressing to read. The plot is predictable too. I don't understand why this book get so hyped.
There is a reason this book has been on the best seller list for so long.  Climb on board and prepare yourself for a thrilling ride!
A good suspense story that makes you want to continue to follow the twists and turns of the plot, and before you know it, it's over.
I did not care for the book.  After 4 or 5 chapters I found it somewhat confusing and quit reading it.  I thought it very depressing
I feel like this book could have been 100 pages shorter.  The ending was too predictable.  Might be ok to read on a beach somewhere.
I thought the first 1/3 of the book was a little slow, but characters began to build and turned out to be a very well written story.
Well-written, fast-paced who done it. Quick reading mystery with an unreliable narrator who makes for several plot twists and turns.
Sometimes hard to keep track of the inter-connectedness. A little disappointed in the official reveal of the murderer. Good overall.
This book grabbed my attention from the beginning, the suspense kept me wanting to read any chance I had, great twist for an ending!
Extremely well written. I enjoyed every word. Really descriptive story that was a joy to read and kept me in suspense until the end.
It was very slow to develop the characters. The last on fourth of the book was great and full of surprises as I expected it would be
A great page turner. Thoroughly enjoyed a book that kept me guessing. Gone Girl fans here is some competition. Read it for yourself.
I found reading on the kindle hard to go back and check some facts. Think it would be better to read in book form. Good read though.
Great story from the perspective of a defeated alcoholic. Comuters, drinkers and divorcees will all empathise with the heroine. Yes.
This was a very interesting book, well written and an intriguing plot. I couldn't put it down. I can see it being made into a movie.
Did not get interesting for me until about 3/4 of the way through.  Once it picked up it was good but by then I was almost finished.
Amateur writing, very surface level character development, not surprising or original, wish I hadn't spent the money on it but alas.
Such an amazing book...a must read for anyone who enjoys Gillian Flynn novels. Finished this book in one day, could not put it down!
Quite the "who done it". It is so refreshing to read a book that doesn't have a predictable ending! This one will keep you guessing.
I loved this book. It is not what I thought the book would be about. Loved the way the author kept you guessing till almost the end.
Could not put this one down. Read it in 48 hours. It draws you in instantly and keeps your attention all the way through to the end!
This story line was predictable and overdone. The main character was Whiney and uninteresting.<br/>I would not recommend this book.
This is a great mystery.  The author has a feel for charactersation and reveals details of the plot in a way that keeps one reading.
Had just finished a novel that I didn't care for and The Girl on the Train was a breath of fresh air.  I enjoyed every minute of it.
A very good read.  It was well written and held my attention throughout.  Characters were well developed and found myself engrossed.
I am not a terribly fast reader but I was able to finish this book in three sittings. An easy, fast read for a rainy weekend escape!
I dare you to try to solve this mystery!  Easy read, fast paced book and if you liked Gone Girl you will love The Girl on the Train!
Narrative by alternating persons along with the fact that events were not presented in order of occurrence were sometimes confusing.
Similar to Gone Girl in the switching back and forth from character to character. Disconcerting at first, but fascinating at the end
Suspenseful and a great story!  I could not put this book down from the beginning!  Paula Hawkins is one of my new favorite authors!
I found it hard to keep the ongoing running in of characters straight, especially when I had put the book down and started up again.
I couldn't stop reading this book until the end. Great mystery! Very well written and described. The characters really come to life.
incredibly exciting read. pulls you in and doesn't let go. the story has wonderful twists and turns that will leave you wanting more
Highly rated. Well thought out taut plot. It never sagged, but kept my attention throughout. Have already recommended it to friends.
Grabbed my attention from the first page. Intriguing how the characters were woven together and you hear the story from three sides.
Very good mystery, not as bloody or as shocking as Gone Girl. It is a good stay up late read. Hope Ms. Hawkins writes another novel.
Kind of hard for me to get into...I had trouble keeping the characters straight at first.  It was a real page turner as it moved on.
This book puts you in the mindset of gone girl but is much more complex with each character!! You think you know but then you don't!
At first i thought i did not need to read about a looser then changed my mind that there was more to what an alcoholic goes through.
This book pulls you in and keeps you guessing what happened to Megan, who did it and why.  One of the best books I have read lately.
I was a little hesitant to buy The Girl on the Train but now I don't regret that I did. This book was suspenseful till the very end.
Wonderfully written thriller! Comparable to Gone Girl-a page turner until the very end! Recommended to all my friends and book club!
Well written fast moving great read.  Loved the suspense.  Found myself reading fast because the story moved so fast. Fun quick read
I almost put in down when I had difficulty getting into the first 50 pages.  So glad I pushed on because it became a very good book!
This book overall is an interesting read but the alcoholism becomes tedious shortly into the story and takes away from the suspense.
Hard to accept such evil infiltrating so many lives, but then we all probably have our hidden pretender that are too good to be true
Omniscient voice would have been much easier to follow. And I jut couldn't make myself care about Rachel until the lat two chapters.
An interesting approach with the timeline of the stories, but the story drug on and on in an effort to figure out one fateful night.
Thrilling and constantly changing. All of the characters are flawed making the story very compelling. The book was hard to put down.
Great characters, great plot, loved it! Reminded me of Rear Window. Rachel is a sympathetic character. People aren't what they seem.
A real page turner, I couldn't put the book down.  The main character is frustrating to say the least, but this is a real good read!
I did not like this book.  It had too much going on. I never did find out who the red headed man was;  Too busy  too many characters
A compelling read.  This realistic yet suspenseful thriller is one that everyday people can relate to. I didn't want to put it down.
2 stars for this book. Not the kind of novel where you learn and are also entertained. The plot is pretty good, but content is poor.
If you liked the suspense in Gone Girl, you will undoubtedly enjoy this book as well. It keeps you guessing until the last chapters.
Great read and would make a great movie, very suspenseful, flawed characters, loved it!<br/>Would love to read more by this author.
The beginning in my opinion is slow with a lot of sadness. The story Has an interesting premise and is a bit intriguing. Good ending
This book is a real page turner despite very unlikable characters.  They are all flawed which makes the end all the more compelling.
It was a page-turner -- kept my interest all the way even when the main character did some very stupid things.  I really enjoyed it.
Highly recommended! Quick ,easy,and suspenseful!  Couldn't put it down, characters came to life, hard to figure out! Enjoy the book!
Reading this for a book group, I enjoyed this book and it kept my attention, however it became somewhat predictable towards the end.
I had identified every character as the killer by the middle of the book . A really novel approach to story telling and a great book
Interesting story line, although a bit far fetched at times. It did remind me of 'Gone Girl' in some respects. I would recommend it.
I read this book in 5 days on vacation. I was absolutely hooked. Great thriller and easy read. Would definitely recommend this book!
A quick read for even the slowest of readers! You can't put it down. And the plot twists and turns all the way till the final pages.
Weak plot.  The culprit/murderer was easily deduced with Megan's narrative regarding travel with lover to another part of the world.
Definitely a page-turner! This is one of those novels that leaves you thinking about the characters even when you're not reading it!
This book held my interest right from the beginning, a intriguing wandering story line - great would read other books by this author
Completely entertaining, interesting, marvelously written and can't wait for more!  All anyone would want from a reading experience!
I was told that this book was a great page turner and it totally was!  Enough thriller to be exciting, not enough to be frightening!
How well do we ever known anyone, really? Immensely readable, a cautionary tale for all, but, most especially, for women. Memorable.
Held my interest the whole way. Like a good roller coaster ride. Never a dull moment. Looking forward to read another by the author.
The story kept me turning page after page. Glad I picked it up and started reading!! Great suspense story that had me from the start
Very intense.  Did not figure it out halfway through like I normally do. Highly recommended. Can't wait to see it made into a movie.
Excellent!  Had me engrossed from the beginning and all the way through.  Kept me in suspense and wondering.  I highly recommend it.
Deft character development of a flawed character who is actually lovable despite her failings. Good suspense via her alcoholic fog.
Loved this novel. I couldn't put it down. Recently heard it's becoming a film and I'm so excited! Truly a piece of written artwork.
I was confused about the players but loved the ending<br/> Kept me involved. Rosanne<br/>I would think twice reading it at night.
Book elaborated on too many repetitive emotional thoughts.  Book did not get good until the  last few pages.  Boring until the end.
A good read.  Killer revealed at the end but there were many suspects.  A look at some one with alcohol addiction and verbal abuse.
Very slow moving the first 60% of the book.  Ending was predictable...  This book was not at all what it was hyped up to be for me!
Great narration and escape read - didn't disappoint. Completely invested in the flawed Rachel. Will recommend to many friends soon.
Very boring.  Big disappointment after all the hype.  Didn;t even waste my time finishing it.  Makes a good book sale contribution.
The book was interesting and it kept in suspense because you did not know who did it. I enjoy the suspense and it was well written.
The ending was predictable for me. It was fun getting there but somewhat fizzled with the big reveal. Easy read. I still recommend.
I plodded thru the book, waiting for it to get better... It's not the worst book I've read, but that isn't much of a recommendation
I have to say I was disappointed. While the story did keep me reading, I felt like I knew where it was going every step of the way.
Although I really enjoyed the first 80% of the book, after a while it turned into a cheap flick and I had a hard time finishing it.
Truly riveting. We all know people<br/>Like this, and pretend we don't pick up on their lies and manipulations. Fantastic writing.
Good story, although I found the ending not so believable. Despite that, I read it in 2 days. I'd read more of this author's works.
While I know it's not consistent with everyone else, I found this boring, predictable and sad.  Not even vaguely clever.  Ah, well.
Simply put, I couldn't put it down. When I had to, all I could think about was when I could find the time to pick it back up again.
Flew through this book. It keeps you guessing till the end. Very fast paced. I also had the audio version which was done very well.
Excellent book!  Our neighborhood Book Club chose this, and enjoyed reading the book, and had a fabulous discussion at our meeting.
Fast, fun read. Not as much complexity to the plot or the characters as I would like but still fairly satisfying. Great beach book.
Written by a woman, about 3 women and maybe written for a woman.  I'm a man and I'm so sorry I purchased it and read it to the end.
Keeps you guessing till the end, I enjoyed the different the characters.it is well written, couldn't stop reading. Really well done
Loved it. A real page turner. I read it for my book club and some thought it was predictable, but overall it was enjoyable for all!
Well told mystery that keeps you guessing to the the end. A very flawed main character, frustrating and refreshing at the same time
an excellent read.  it's good ... gone girl good ... well maybe not as good but right there close ... with some nasty little twist.
A well written, face paced, heart throbbing tale about human nature and weakness. Loved it!  It made Gone Girl look like a sleeper.
Hard to put down, intense, uncomfortable and well done!  I enjoyed it very much, I highly recommend this read. You won't regret it.
Really enjoyed this book. There was a good twist at the end. The lead character is a bit annoying but besides that would recommend.
Good read but predictable.  I was thrown by the symbol of the clothes that went nowhere. It kept my interest but not a great finish
This was a great book. I am not a reader but got this to have something to read on vacation Ioved the book finished it in two days.
Read it in one sitting! Loved the characters, great writing, lots of twists and turns! Suspenseful and exciting.  Loved this book!!
I read this book by mistake actually, got it mixed up with a similar titled book that seems to be trending now. It was a good read.
This book is very engaging.  I immediately felt empathy for the main character.  The ending was neither predictable nor surprising.
I did not like it at first.  I found the characters to be too unstable, but I decided to continue......soon I couldn't put it down!
From all the reviews of this book I expected a great story. I was very disappointed. I did finish it but didn't get into the story.
I could not stop reading from the very beginning.  Love this book.  Suspense and anticipation throughout.  Surprises at every turn.
Very good read and would recommend for a lazy Sunday. 4 stars because the plot did get a little cliche' and unrealistic at the end.
The book started a little slow for me but then I could not put it down. Lots going on which kept me always wanting to turn the page
Very depressing in the beginning.  I had to stop reading it and then come back when I was in a better mood for it.<br/>Good later.
Good mystery!  I found it a bit difficult to get into--characterization didn't hold my interest--otherwise, an interesting mystery.
Could not put it down. A little hard in the beginning keeping track of who is who, but once you get into the meat of it, wonderful!
Suspenseful yet fun reading. Hard to put down. From a man's perspective very interesting to experience the women's thought process.
Great book- loved how it is written from different characters stories and all along trying to figure out how it will come together.
This book was so good! So many twist and turns! Never knowing who to believe! I couldn't put it down! I highly recommend this book!
One of the best mysteries, I have read in a long time.  Only a four because it was a little hard to follow jumping people and time.
This book was quick to read and thoroughly had my interest.  Not my usual genre but I really enjoyed the story line and characters.
Enjoyed this book...had some difficulty in keeping the girl characters straight at the beginning, but did like the mystery element.
Fantastic book! I couldn't put it down! When you think you have it all figured out, the story unravels to reveal how wrong you were
A great read that keeps you guessing throughout the book. Some interesting twists keep readers engaged... Story moves along nicely.
Could not put this book down! The twists and turns were intriguing.  The end was unexpected and yet, perfect. This is a great read!
It was alright.  Not terrible but also not the kind of book that grabs your attention and makes you miss your stop on the train. :(
So suspenseful. Twists and turns on every page right until the very end. I couldn't read fast enough! I highly recommend this book!
This book was found to be one of those books that makes you feel as if you are there... good book! I read it to the last paragraph.
Couldn't put this down since I picked it up. When I couldn't read it I was thinking about when I would be able to next. Great book.
This book has many twists and turns. Unexpected growth occurs between the characters. The story keeps you reading and wanting more.
Engaging book but very depressing, messed up characters and a predictable ending. Good boom overall but certainly not a light read.
Very good thriller. I thoroughly enjoyed, although I didn't find the ending as "shocking" as some other readers. Recommend.
Awesome story! Held my attention didn't want to put it down..great summer read, light and easy enjoy while sitting in a beach chair
Good mystery and I enjoyed the writing style of telling the story only from the points of view of the three lead female characters.
I had to keep reading the book to find out the what's the why's. It was a good read and would recommend it to friends. Great ending
WOW, able to keep my attention until I was more than half way  through, finished the next morning. Shared with my friends  already.
Enjoyed reading it......held my interest.It is a little complicated in places though!!!I found the ending a bit of an anti climax!!
Loved it!  Characters were great and I was interested from the very beginning.  Her writing just reels you in!  Highly recommended.
Truly, I would rather read than write reviews. "The Grl on the Train" was a smooth and stead read. I really liked it a lot.
Huge page turner that had me guessing the entire way through. Highly recommended for vacation reading or stress buster distraction.
What a thriller! MASTERFUL! I never saw the ending coming keeps you guessing! Highly recommend to anyone looking for a summer read!
I like a book with the view of alternating people. I would think of this as a "chic book", don't know that men would enjoy.
This book captures the pain of alcoholism and abuse perfectly. It shows that we never really know anyone as much as we think we do.
I did not like this book because the subject matter was so awful-alcoholism, affairs and murders from several dysfunctional people!
At times the jumping from past to present became a little cumbersome, but overall the book held my interest and I enjoyed the read.
I found this book just average. It did have good twists and turns, however I did not find myself hardly able to put this book down.
Amazing plot twist at the end! I was totally surprised! The author is my new favorite because of the way she transitions her story.
Took many dates that were jumping around with all the characters. The plot was exciting. I will n o t recommend t h at others areas
It was a bit of a struggle to get into, but then it got interesting. The idea for the story is unusual, but an interesting concept.
Reminds me of Alfred Hitchcock!  It kept me guessing until the very end!  Might have to read it again!  Now that I know the ending!
The plot was tedious, filled with unrealistic characters in ridiculous situations. I considered the book a waste of time and money.
very good read.  It draws you in from the first page I<br/><br/> Very good read. It draws your attention from the very first page
I found this book very weird but nevertheless impossible to put down.<br/>If you enjoy psychological novels, this book is for you.
A great read, sinister plot, very suspenseful and great ending. This thriller is bound to sell well, look forward to her next book.
LOVE LOVE! Great book. For those who love "gone girl" this is definitely a good read. Great writer can't wait to read more.
Unattractive characters but still somewhat engrossing story.  For fans of Gone Girl, it isnt as clever but still good vacation read
Until the last quarter of the book, it is needlessly slow and plodding. Almost didn't finish it...but slogged through till the end.
Enjoyed the book very much. By the end I think you could guess who was guilty but it was an interesting trip getting to that point.
Good, fast-paced, well written book that kept me interested from page to page.  Sometimes, that takes a really good book to do so!!
Easy to read ... refreshingly Brittish setting. Strangely interesting considering the whole book is based along the one train line!
very fast read, a little confusing at first while introducing all the characters but it all fell into place eventually.  Good book.
I really enjoyed this book.  Even though I thought I knew  who did it I was anxious to get to the end to see how it all played out.
Started this morning and finished in one day. Great read with unexpected twists. Maybe I will drink a glass of wine....maybe not!!!
I loved the story and the writing format to get inside the characters' heads. I was guessing until the end. Good job Paula Hawkins!
I really loved the story line- in my head I kept thinking "plot twist!!" every couple of chapters... but then ugh, So. Much. Fluff.
Interesting way Paula Hawkins used each character to tell their story. Easy how a person can form their own ideas of what they see.
Great reading for over half the book , but then I figured out "who done it " early on so book lost it's excitement for me .
This book keeps your attention from the moment you begin. So many twists and turns it will truly keep you on the edge of your seat.
Love it from the beginning to the end.  It's been a while since I've read a book that has kept me so involved from start to finish.
I could NOT put it down.  It was consuming.  It remained a mystery for most of the book.  Even when I knew, the suspense continued.
Thrilling page turner with a twist. The characters are very complex, interesting and different. You won't regret reading this book.
I loved this book.  It was well written and held my interest throughout. It was a real page Turner .  I highly recommend this book.
I couldn't put it down. I loved all the twists and turns and the ending was excellent. I've already been recommending to my friends
Serious subject matter but good read. Recommend for fast easy read. Timely and all too true and sad. You never really know someone.
Couldn't put it down, but I felt the ending was a little contrived..just kind of came out of no where.. Not to give anything away..
Twisty, turning, delicious, quick read.  Slow to start, but once it got going, I could not put it down.  Love those kind of books😊
Nice page turner. It starts a bit slow but warms up well. Thoroughly enjoyable with a satisfying completion. Good vacation reading.
Did not enjoy the book.<br/>None of the characters were likable or believable.  They were a needy and pathetic cast of characters.
Couldn't put it down! The story constantly had me engaged and trying to figure out what was going to happen. Well written for sure.
This was a compelling story on how love can deceive.  It was a page turner and I enjoyed how the author brought the story together.
I couldn't put it down. It was suspenseful and interesting. It's unfortunate I couldn't find a character to like. I hated them all.
In addition to the mystery element, I especially like the way the author developed the characters and presented them through voice.
Starts off as a "downer" book but picked up some so I did finish it. Just a bit too depressing though the mystery was good.
Good read.  Face paced.  I read this book in about 4 1/2 hours....1 sitting!!  Reminded me of Gone Girl but I liked it even better.
Great read, I just had to see what would happen, the ending did not  disappoint!!! I will be looking for more books by Ms. Hawkins.
Enjoyable read.  Will be a wonderful book club discussion.  The train and train tracks are like additional characters in this book.
Suspenseful, can't put it down once you start reading. Very well done. Highly recommend for anyone who enjoys a well told whodunit.
I loved the damaged heroine's voice. I felt for her and found myself pulling for her despite her determination to destroy her life.
It was entertaining and kept my interest! Could have delved into the devastation of alcoholism a little more but overall was great.
It was a good book. I liked all the characters and how you got to know them. I was kept in suspense until the end. Enjoyed the book
This book was well written and kept my interest from beginning to end. I really enjoyed it and look forward to reading more by her!
Well drawn characters in a suspenseful story. Memorable plot that keeps you guessing. I'll definitely seek more from Paula Hawkins.
Much repetition in the first half.  I was disappointed.  Some critics compared it to  "Gone "Girl", another book I didn't care for.
Slow in the beginning, but got better and better as I got further into the story!  Would recommend to any adult that likes mystery!
The Girl on the Train was an excellent book. Terrific writing.  Would definitely read another book by this author  very suspenseful
Excellently written,engaging developed, interesting storyline with satisfactory ending even though mystery evident fairly early on.
I loved the different view points of each character, and how the characters tied together. Well written all the way up til the end!
A good read Kept me interested enough to keep reading.  It was written very much in the style of Gone Girl which I also enjoyed.  .
The main character was so unlikable I found it hard to get through the book. It was suspenseful, but uneven. I would not recommend.
A bit of a page turner but not a particularly good book,The writer seemed to try to make is suspenseful but only made it confusing,
Great story, I am going to find more titles by this Author!  Highly recommend this book to anyone seeking a psychological thriller.
Good character building and lots of twists and turns. I read it in three days. Enjoyed it immensely.  Will recommend to my friends.
Good story interesting way it was delivered a sad view of married life.brought the story to a very fast ending with the final TWIST
It seemed amateurish. And a little confusing with three women telling their stories. But I like the ending. It kept me entertained.
Worthy of all the praise it is receiving - consider it a must read! I finished it in 2 days because I never wanted to put it down.<br/><br/>This is a GREAT "who done it" novel told by 3 different narrators - an alcoholic that has missing and disjointed memories; a woman with a past that haunts her; and the woman who stole the alcoholic's husband. All 3 are dysfunctional in their own way and draw you further into the story. When one goes missing - is it foul play? If so, who is to blame? You will change your opinion multiple times throughout the book. I can't tell you more without giving it away so you'll need to read it and figure it out on your own. Just be ready for a roller-coaster ride when you do.
I had been wanting to read this book for a while and snagged it on sale through Bookbub.  Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down. I got drawn in to the lives of three women who didn't know how tightly interconnected their lives were until one goes missing. It was interesting to see how Rachel imagined the lives of those she saw from the train window each day. A simple game we all play when we pretend to know what is going on in someone's life just from appearances. Who knew such dark secrets could be hiding just beneath the surface of happy people that we see?  The author did a good job of character development amid a suspenseful tale.  I highly recommend this book if you like suspense and mystery.
Wanted to read it all the time....nice pace, some originality and our main character very well developed.  Thanks for a good read.
Paula Hawkins' book, The Girl on The Train is spellbinding!  I couldn't put the book down.  It is well written and worth the read!
I don't think I've been this disturbed or terrified by a book since Gone Girl. It's a tad predictable, but nonetheless terrifying.
I found the first half of book very confusing.  Then the story picked up and became interesting.  I expected more from the reviews
I loved the book and will definitely order again from this author.  The book was used but looked brand new.  I was a happy camper.
I couldn't put the book down. Leaves you guessing from the beginning to end, wondering what will happen next. It was a great read.
A little slow at first, and hard to get in to, but it picks up and becomes a book that you cannot put down.  Definitely recommend!
I thought it was a little slow and predictable...took me along time to get through it as I kept falling asleep. The ending was ok.
A good story, but I grew weary of the alcohol induced reasoning and memory impairment. The book reminded me of Lifetime TV movies.
The book really reeled me in. I enjoyed it. At times I was a bit confused by the different perspectives, but it worked itself out.
Great story.  Starts off setting up the situation slowly, and then begins to snowball...gets crazy fast, and has an amazing story.
After reading about 75 pages, I could not continue anymore! I am sorry but I got bored and the story did not capture my attention.
I loved this book and had trouble putting it down.  It had many twists and you think you figured it out and it takes another turn.
I felt like the book was a little drawn out but has a good ending. Overall a enjoyable read. It reminded me of the book Gone Girl.
Fast read, somewhat confused over which one was married to whom. I sailed through it in 1 1/2 days. It certainly kept my interest.
This book held my interest, and was hard to put down.  Did she really see what she saw?  Things aren't always the way they appear.
When I first started this book it didn't make a lot of sense, but, it turned out to be very cleverly written and well worth while.
This book was more than a page turner. Don't start until you have two days to non stop read because you won't want to put it down.
The main character was an alcoholic and  consequently she couldn't remember or justify her behavior.  Plot was confusing and weak.
I recommend this for a summer read.  It's a page turner.  This is not a book that will change your life but it will entertain you.
Quick read. Story moves along nicely, like a commuter train:) easy to follow, suspenceful.  Perfect for a vacation or summer read.
Did not hold my interest.  Could put it down for s few days at a time.  Like a book that I don't want to put down until I am done!
Great character development and plot that keeps the readers attention.  I would recommend to those who like a good murder mystery.
The Girl on the Train is fantastic!! I had a hard time putting it down! It keeps you guessing until the end! A definite must read!
Very good novel. She keeps you guessing until the end. Written from the perspective of three of the female characters. Great read.
Loved it, thought it was very well written and thought Rachel's dilemma was excellent. The best suspense thriller since gone girl.
Love this book. Kept me on the edge of my seat.  Finished it in a day because I couldn't put it down.  I'm waiting for the movie!!
Fabulous page turner. The characters so believable and alive! I could not put this book down! Paula Hawkins is a wonderful writer!
One of the best mysteries I've read in a long time!!  Wow wow.  Great job.  Wow, so many plot twists!  My heart is still pounding!
Twisted read.  Keeps moving.  The POV changes seem tedious at first but begin to move the story well.  Overall highly recommended.
The story unfolds in a quiet way at the beginning, but soon grabs your attention. By the end, you're totally absorbed in the book.
Couldn't put this book down. Well written! I would recommend this book to everyone. You aren't sure where the story will take you!
Intertwining stories of human errors amongst real life, raw feelings + true challenges make for a thrilling and unpredictable gem!
Pretty awful. Started out strong, ended badly. There was no depth or context to this book. Gone Girl readers will be disappointed.
Great thriller! I couldn't put the book down. I loved reading each characters sides of the incidents. I highly recommend this book
Love this book definitely not what I was expecting! Keeps you intrigued!! Definitely would recommend to anyone for a good thriller
This book has a way of making you feel a certain way about each character. Very hard to stop reading once things start to unravel.
A captivating read although somewhat predictable at the end. It held my attention the whole way through. Very similar to Gone Girl
Well crafted story that demands your attention to follow it.  Definitely enjoyed the trip through the story, on its winding paths.
The book kept you interested but it was depressing. The main character is an alcoholic. There was an interesting twist at the end.
Best book I've read in a long time. Very easy reading, a great mystery, and I couldn't put it down. Everything you want in a book!
Took me a little while to get into...then hooked! Great read...edge of the seat, nail biter...couldn't put it down until finished!
really enjoyed this book - interesting approach, I enjoyed the different perspectives and the twist. The mind is a powerful thing.
I don't enjoy reading a book when literally everyone is despicable or a total mess. Have to say I did not guess the ending though.
I haven't read a suspense story in a long time. It kept my interest. I think it will be a great discussion for our<br/>Book club.
Fantastic read.  Written in 1st person, very little dialogue. But well developed characters and story. End a surprise and a shock.
Definitely not what I expected. Lots of twists and turns. Probably would have enjoyed it more if I read it in one or two sittings.
I thought for sure I knew the ending within the first few chapters... boy was I wrong!  Great book!  Well written.  A page turner.
the book was good but not great. it was somewhat predictable at the end. character development of Rachel,especially was very good.
A page turner. Be prepared to stay up all night & lend your copy! It's been awhile since I've had a new book draw me in like this!
It draws you in from the very beginning and you don't want to put it down until you're done.  Better than Gone Girl in a few ways.
I  think this novel was overrated and a friend of mine agreed  Sorry Paula ,but I enjoyed A J Waines  Girl on a Train much better;
This is a dark page-turner, but not particularly well written.  It's hard to bear if you know any real-life alcoholics or abusers.
Storyline kept me going till the very end...suspenseful...but confusing characters so much that I had to write it down for myself.
Well-developed characters had me guessing until the end. Highly recommend this book! Great, quick read. I finished it in two days.
interesting, intriguing and surprising... enjoyed and recommend it ''.. don't have any more words but need another book now please
I enjoyed the book. I don't remember reading such a good, compelling story from several different perspectives. Masterful writing!
Loved this book. It was so tough to put it down and go about my day. I could not wait until I knew who was to blame! Awesome read.
You rock along with theGirl on theTrain...every bump and sway along the way!I couldn't put it down till it worked its way through!
Destinct characters with entwined story line.<br/>Disturbingly difficult to put down.  I wish i were not finished with this book.
It was a brilliant book, it had a slow start but it picked up right away. Unexpected twist that shocked me but overall great book.
Quick Read that kept me guessing for quite a while. Never truly loved any of the characters but did want to find out what happened
It's been awhile since I've had difficulty putting a book down.  Suspense filled with stories woven together perfectly. Thank you!
A great story about how one single minute can change a whole life. I read the paperback from my husband and could not put it down.
Couldn't put it down. Great story. Loved the way it's told from different perspectives. Definitely recommend this book to everyone
The Girl on the Train was a riveting mystery that keeps you guessing until the end! This was a great read for young and old alike!
I was disappointed after all the hoopla preceding it.  Didn't like any of the characters and found the ending very unsatisfactory.
Intrigued by the book jacket!  Did not disappoint!  I find it crazy how people can write this stuff!<br/><br/>I would recommend.
It is fast paced but a bit uncomfortable and a bit unbelievable at times. I would still recommend it as far as entertaining value.
Couldn't put it down!<br/>Loved the twists and the way the story is told. Looking forward to reading more books from this author.
I loved this book, very well written with a twist at the end.  I would highly recommend this book.  It is better than Gone Girl!!!
Loved the characters and the ever present train.<br/>Read it as fast as I could, just like the sound of the train thrumming along
I liked the book. Interesting story. Took me a while to like the main character, but she wraps it up nicely in the end. Fast read.
Liked it...didn'T love  it. Yet, it did hold my interest and character development was thorough and characters felt "real"
Liked the book, but not an outstanding read. No redeeming characters. Repetitive descriptions. Wanted it to be better than it was.
Gripping book, keeps you guessing until the end. Easy and quick read, ironically perfect if you are taking a train ride somewhere.
A suburban woman disappears and many lies are told before enough truth is found for closure. It is a great psychological thriller.
I started this book in the morning and could not put it down.  What a page turner! I loved the book and would highly recommend it.
Keeps your attention.... Ends a little quickly if you get what I mean. The mystery is solved and then.... The end. But a good read
The plot had some great twists, it was very suspenseful and the dark tone and unreliable narration made it terrifying. Great read!
I thought the approach to the story was very interesting.  I really enjoyed it.  Kept my curiosity going through  the entire book.
Fantastic book! Love books written in 2 POV. Could not put this book down i had to know what happened next! Hope they make a movie
Great book, keeps you thinking. Reminded me of Gone Girl at times. Highly recommend this book. The ending was not what I expected!
I was captivated pretty early in, hard to put down the last half! I definitely recommend people who like twists to read this book.
A true page turner !!  Great Who dun nit. Wonderful characters to follow on the journey thru the novel. Have fun reading it I did!
The writing is fast-paced and keeps the reader guessing. Great suspense, and believable characters. This book kept me up at night!
I enjoyed this book all the way to the ending! Well written and suspenseful, a must read! Would enjoy other books by this author.
Well written, flows along quickly!  Keeps the interest and keeps you guessing.  Enjoyed the human interest side immensely.  Try it
Very intereste and suspenseful,<br/>You really get caught up into the characters.<br/>Keeps you guessing all the way to the end!
I could not put this book down! Amazed at the twists and turns, and the deep plot development. I would highly recommend this book!
I did not like the book.  I finished it thinking something redeeming would appear but......it didn't.  Not my cup of tea.  Shawnee
A depressing book filled with dysfunctional characters. Who needs this? Not the sort of subject matter a happy person should seek.
I liked the story but it was rather hard to get into. Once I established the rhythm, it was very interesting and held my interest.
THE STORY REMINDS ME OF AN ALFRED HITCHCOCK PLOT. THE WRITER VERY CLEVERLY  LEAD THE THE READER ON A WILD UNKNOWING "WHO DONE IT!"
Suspenseful and riveting.  There are many twists and turn to keep you guessing.  I couldn't put it down and would highly recommend
Wasn't sure how I was going to like it but as I read on and figured out how it was put together it actually was a very good story.
This one was pain to start with slow and boring beginning.<br/>Boy, was in for surprise. One  of the great books I read recently.
This was good...I had trouble keeping the two female characters separated at first as did a friend of mine...but it's a good book.
I really enjoyed this book.  I love a great mystery and this book did not disappoint.  It kept me guessing all the way to the end.
A page-turner of an unlikely heroine. Once I got past my first negative impression of the main character, I couldn't stop reading.
While it held my attention, I had a little difficulty because all the characters had so many problems. It was a little depressing.
For the first time in a long time i had no idea how this book was gonna end!!! Truly a fantastic book you wont regret reading it!!
A good read that keeps you guessing.<br/>Characters are well developed and multi layered. Lots of psychological twists and turns.
Fun read but the characters are all in need of social services. You never really bond with any character as they are not likeable.
Awesome book, kept reading way past bedtime, until I finished! Highly recommended to all who enjoyed gone girl and similar novels.
Excellent service but did not really enjoy this book as much as was expected from the earlier reviews.  Just not my style I guess!
I feel this book was well written. it kept me at the edge off feet. I would think this book would be a great read for a book Club.
This is one of the best mysteries I have read! Congrats to Paula Hawkins for giving us an unusual, unique approach. Very creative!
Page turner.  Wish I could give 4.5!  Would give it 5 if there were some sort of deep life lesson, but really it's just super fun.
A real page turner! A great 'who done it'. I loved the way the characters 'evolved' I can't wait to share it with my book club. :)
Excellent, keeps you wondering until the end. You will feel like you know Rachel by the end, but yet she will surprise you.<br/>.
