This most recent effort by John Grisham follows an attorney who practices in the Fifteenth Circuit of the United States in federal and state court. His name is Sebastian Rudd and what makes Rudd unique compared to most attorneys is his willingness to accept clients no other attorney would take. These range for an accused child molester/murderer, a rage prone boxer, a crime don eager to escape death row, and a man with ties to human trafficking. His most important client, however, is himself for the often acrimonious custody hearings he faces against his ex-wife. Accompanying him at all times are his silent bodyguard Partner and a heavily armored van that serves as both office and transportation.<br/><br/>The novel unfortunately often felt like a collection of short stories pasted together, with Rudd as the only figure who maintains a continuous narrative. Rather than focus on one trial throughout the entire book, every thirty to forty pages Rudd will win or lose a particular case and then move on. While this may accurately reflect the life of defense attorneys, it unfortunately does little to flesh out the characters into ones the reader can actively sympathize with or despise. Similarly, despite Rudd's repeated proclamations that he is a rogue lawyer, he actually is a pretty honest one. While he is willing to pay cops for information and occasionally represents bad characters, about the only sanction-worthy act he commits throughout the course of the novel is bribing a court clerk to get a particular judge to hear his civil suit.<br/><br/>Despite these flaws, Grisham clearly displays that he was (and still is) an attorney. He has a good handle on the minutiae of courtroom criminal procedure and paints a portrait of an attorney whose character, while exaggerated, is believable. He also creates an interesting series of cases for the attorney to handle. The ending comes somewhat abruptly, but it is in such a manner that I suspect Mr. Grisham has a sequel possibly in mind. If he eventually does write one, I will be sure to read it.
Sebastian Rudd is inconceivably poles apart from the other central characters in John Grisham’s novels. He is impatient, contemptuous and dangerous but he’s also smart and resolute – someone you’ll easily root for. Or for that matter, he's someone you’ll instantly find repulsive. He’s divorced, with negligible parenting concerns for his young son, except that occasional visits. Yet, he has strong concerns veering toward madness for the cause of justice, and most of his clients are people with cases the average lawyers would hesitate to touch. With a bodyguard who bundles up as his driver, bodyguard and all-in-one, Sebastian Rudd, the rogue lawyer in Grisham’s latest thriller is unlike anything you have read before.<br/><br/>Rogue Lawyer by John Grisham follows Sebastian Rudd’s legal battles as he works out of a van after his office was bombed. Our legal ace has a lot on his hands as he battles for others as well as himself. One of the cases involved the molestation and drowning of two little girls. The accused Gardy was once a member of a satanic cult with a history of sexual perversion. With this fact known to the prosecution, Sebastian has much work to do. There’s also a case involving a crime lord who killed a judge and is facing death row, and a retired homeowner who opens fire on a SWAT team. Sebastian is also confronted with the daunting prospect of losing his visitation rights with his young son as his ex-wife is mounting a legal challenge to cancel it.<br/><br/>When John Grisham spins his brand of fascinating legal thriller which is a cocktail of a swiftly paced thriller, twisted tales and legal rudiments, you are in for an exciting ride. There’s the excitement and the huge anticipation. But Rogue Lawyer fails to meet my expectation. Though a huge, huge fan of the author, and someone who really wanted a massive blockbuster of read, this is more like Sycamore Row and a notch of an improvement upon Gray Mountain. Having said that, let me make it clear my appetite for Grisham’s legal thrillers will never wane. I largely enjoyed the book but it is nowhere near the intensity and appeal of A Time to Kill. The character development, pointedly that of Sebastian Rudd, was polished and finely done. And I really enjoyed the first-person narrative. Though the different stories, or rather the different cases, were all tied in together at the end, the climax was a bit flat and rather disappointing. Yet, I’d try out a John Grisham thriller any day than any other book for the simple fact that he's the best out there.
‘Rogue Lawyer’… well, they certainly nailed this title. I’ll not torture you with the usual jokes about lawyers that we love to hate, rather I’ll torture you with having you read this review instead of reading this wonderful book. John Grisham is a talent, but even I thought he was hard pressed to try and get me to like Sebastian.<br/><br/>A lawyer who doesn't play by the rules and who defends the scum of society… yeah, I need his address so I can send a Christmas card. And that is just the surface stuff. As you read this book you’ll find out more about this guy that would make a cat hanging out at a San Francisco wharf refuse spill turn up his nose.<br/><br/>But as I read more and more of this story, I found myself (kind of) liking this guy. But that may have something to do with his supporting cast: Judith… it’s been a long time since I’ve read a book where I wished for the death of a character as much as I did this (removed bad word because of Amazon’s rules) woman. I set aside a special type of hate for her. Then there’s Tadeo… this guy has the brain of Kendra Wilkinson and the arrogance of Trump. Had this book been longer I would have sued the Grisham estate for neck injury due to my head shaking.<br/><br/>Rounding out this cess pool circle of friends is Arch. If Dr. Frankenstein were to ever to experiment with sleezy ooze, Arch would be it’s ordure. That’s all I’m going to say because I feel the need to shower just typing his name. Now keep in mind, those are the headliners. There are a ton of extras who colorfully add their own crime spice to this broth of filth. Grisham truly shows us the bottom of the barrel with the clients AND the lawyer.<br/><br/>Now this book did have a different feel to it. To me, ‘Rogue Lawyer’ was a story of snippets of Sebastian’s life, and not one complete story. And even though it was told like that, it didn’t feel choppy. There were a couple times where it got a little preachy though. John tackles two hot button social topics, and in the narration of it, gets a bit Joel Osteen-ish. Nothing big, just… obvious.<br/><br/>I think is a solid piece of work by Grisham that falls somewhere between ‘The Confession’ and the ‘The Litigators.’ Not all drama and not all fun. While reading this story there’s really no good place to pause and take a break. So unless you are one of those readers who can go through a book in one sitting (I’m not by a long shot) then prepare to do a lot of sneak-reading. I enjoyed reading this book and I’m comfortable in saying you will as well. Good reading, fun reading, quick reading, thoughtful reading. It’s what we expect and what Grisham delivers. Once again.
I don’t really think you can all this a novel.  It’s a series of vignettes, short stories and thin novellas strung together to seem like a single narrative: it’s not.  There is no overarching conflict or thread to the book.  The transitions between the stories is nonexistent. This seems more like the Matt Scudder short stories that Lawrence Block does between novels: little standalone pieces.<br/>In addition, the characters feel either flat and lifeless or incongruous. The Rudd character is largely cribbed from Connelly’s Mickey Haller and completely one dimensional.  The cops and lawyers on the other side are untrustworthy liars and blood thirsty. All in all, this feels like a not ready for prime time start to a new series/character that should still be undergoing development.
I am a huge Grisham fan. As someone else said, the sections that talk about legal strategy are really well done and engaging.  Other than those too few bits, this is a half-star book at best.  When I was a few pages in I thought "This would make a great movie! Mathew Mcconaughey would be perfect". I read a few more pages and realized the reason I had that reaction was because I have already seen Mcconaughey in this movie as the Lincoln Lawyer.  This reads like a first draft for that book or maybe the first draft for the stories that would one day be developed into that book.<br/> Mickey Haller was troubled but likeable.  Rudd and everyone else in this book are paper thin, unpleasant caricatures: the emasculating lipstick lesbian, the corrupt politicians, the too good to be true child, the reformed welfare thug who now lives with his feisty grandma who cooks all the time!<br/>Not only are the characters poorly drawn and unpleasant but many of the plot points and actions are very improbable if not impossible. I'm a natural cynic but even I am not quite ready to believe that things are quite as bad as Rogue Lawyer would have us believe. It doesn't count as a clever plot twist if what happens is so absurd as to be distracting.<br/>And yes, this "book" clearly was intended to be short stories of some kind which makes the narrative disjointed and the characters even less developed.  The most annoying thing and the tip off that these were meant to be read separately at some point is the repetitive back story explainations that show up again and again and again.  It is mentioned three or four times throughout the book that Rudd loved his ex-wife once but married her out of a sense of duty when she became pregnant.  We are told this repeatedly and purposelessly. We understood the first time. What never gets explained is why on earth he loved her.  She is an obnoxious character and even in the most harrowing of scenes Rudd has nothing but bad to say about her. For that matter, why would such an iconoclast feel the need to marry a woman he admits to hating just to do the right thing.  He unabashedly admits to not wanting to be a father and to not having much desire to be a good one since he's there. Ugh.<br/>Skip this and read Lincoln Lawyer or any other Grisham.  And please Mr. Grisham, no sequel!
Coming off of Gray Mountain, which was a pretty good legal thriller, it looks like Grisham is slipping back into clichés with his latest book.  Grisham basically perfected the legal thriller, so it’s not exactly his fault when the writing goes to a by-the-numbers legal procedural, which manages to both be gritty and lethargic.  The “rogue” lawyer Sebastian Rudd is a stereotyped “street” lawyer who worries "There are plenty of people who'd like to kill me right now”  because he runs up against so many bad guys who mean him harm, including the police as well.  Think of the grizzled private eye novel, and insert a lawyer, and that is what you have here.<br/><br/>Sebastian ends up in nowheresville where his client is fighting for his life against the charge that he's brutally murdered two little girls in a spectacularly gruesome crime. Hitting the standard with misdirection, fighting against the norm, grizzled weariness, Rogue Lawyer meets all the criteria for your standard Grisham thriller.  The book is rife with legal thriller stereotypes, from the lazy judge, to the clueless jurors, to the hulking bad guys.<br/><br/>In all, though this will be a fine book for a Grisham fan, the threads are starting to show in this work which we have seen time and time again.  It will certainly serve well for his fans, and is a fine quick read for anyone else.
Way over priced for a book of short stories.  Also, I expected a one plot novel which this was not.  Each story had a stand alone plot with some central characters.  Some of the lesser characters, such as the lesbian ex-wife, were reintroduced each time with not enough time spent on characterization.  The ex-wife did nothing to add to the story with the exception of irritating the readers.  I realize there may be some corruption in any government organizations, but murder, kidnapping, extortion, etc. seemed to be an extreme.  If you are expecting a novel you will be disappointed.  I am surprised Mr. Grisham and his Editors would think they could pool this off of the readers.
If John Grisham is ever in urgent need of help from the police, for his sake I hope the officers that respond haven’t read this book. I understand this is fiction, but I seriously don’t understand how Grisham, his agent, editors, publicists and publishing team thought it would be a good idea to create a protagonist that denigrates police officers and other public officials on nearly every page of the book. I would be very interested to read a review of this book that is written by someone affiliated with law enforcement.<br/><br/>There is even a character that declares he is going to renounce his citizenship and leave the country because he can’t take “it” anymore. “It” being America, I guess. Well, hey, in the real world I have lived overseas in service to my country and I have been in places where the people truly live in fear of the cops and the government. And guess what? It doesn’t look anything like America.<br/><br/>Again, I know this is fiction—but even setting aside the asinine ramblings about how corrupt it is in America, this is still a terrible book.<br/><br/>It is divided into six parts, and they are so disjointed that for the first half of the book I couldn’t fathom why it was being sold as a novel. It felt like a collection of unrelated novellas. There is very little dialogue in the beginning of the book. It’s “this” and “that” and “then” and on and on it goes. The threads do finally come together, at least somewhat, in the second half of the book, and for a moment I thought it might even get interesting because there was a scene that perfectly set up the rogue lawyer to show some growth as a character … but geez, it turns out he was right all along. The cops, mayors, judges, soldiers and city councilmembers are all evil.<br/><br/>Honestly, if this is a reflection of John Grisham’s worldview—and it might be, because as he did with GRAY MOUNTAIN he tends to insert his causes into his writing—then I feel sorry for him. I don’t care how much money he has, it must be a miserable existence to have such a bleak outlook on life. Look, I get it—we have problems in America. Things aren’t perfect. Fiction is a great tool for illuminating those problems and generating discussion for how they can be fixed.<br/><br/>But that is not happening with this book.<br/><br/>I simply can’t recommend it: 1/5 stars.
I'm usually a Grisham fan but this is a truly terrible, grossly irritating book.  First off, it was done first---and better--by Michael Connelly.  Second, it is neither a short story collection, a novella or a novel but some sort of crude amalgam off all three.  Third, though well written--and what Grisham isn't?--it's still annoying as hell.  Maybe his next book will be better.
Sabastian Rudd alias Mickey Haller is an extreme example of copy-kat writing if I have ever read an example.  The back cover of Rogue Lawyer<br/>lists a profile of Sabastian Rudd or should I say Mickey Haller in a bulletproof van instead of a Lincoln towncar.  After writing Gray Mountain which<br/>in my estimation went nowhere Mr. Grisham ( Rogue Lawyer) is an example of a writer who seems to be on the downhill of his abilities and must resort to copying an idea used very successfully by one Michael Connelly....shame indeed!
Rogue Lawyer is the worst John Grisham book that I've ever read! I didn't like the format or ANY of the characters in the book. As a John Grisham fan I was extremely disappointed.
Well, it's finally happened! A Grisham book that I do not like. Dare I ask....did he really write this as a stand alone book, or did he take all of the notes he's gathered over the years and glob them into something he calls a book? I wasn't fond of Grey Mountain, but at least it held my attention. This one....not so much. As the widow of a police officer turned detective, I sort of resent how he protrays the police. In today's climate, where every day you see people blaming every bad decision on the police (never the bad guy) I  think you, Mr Grisham, have done a diservice to our protectors. Also, this smacks of Lincoln Lawyer, just not as well written or interesting. Unlike some reviewers,  I liked Sycamore Road........I liked the characters........and I could see another movie out of that one. I am regretting buying this particular book. To make bad matters worse, I recommended it to a friend before I had read it......based solely on the previous books by this author. I won't do that again. You have given me lots of reading enjoyment....so I am not marking you off my reading list over this one failure but please do better next time.
A real cop out by the author. A series of short stories without a continuing plot. I am surprised and very disappointed,especially from this author, who I previously liked so much. Save your money if you are expecting a "real" Grisham woven tale.
Not his best work. I started reading the book and it became somewhat familiar, like a Michael Connelly novel. It reminded me of the Lincoln lawyer series. I have read all of Grisham's books and have loved each for different reasons.  They were all well written, had twist and turns, and exciting.  Unfortunately,  this was simple, predictable and without a lot character development.  Most of all, it was like other stories I have read. The book was just not original and felt that way throughout.
Length: 352 pages.<br/><br/>A few years ago I read a Grisham novel that felt like it was merely phoned in, it was so poorly written. Until Rogue Lawyer, in fact, I thought it was better, more enjoyable, to just wait for the movie.<br/><br/>Then, on a lark, I pre-ordered Rogue Lawyer. True, this character is not so entirely different than others Grisham introduced to us. Rather, he is a wizened, hard-boiled version who is believable to me.<br/><br/>Possibly my difficulty with Grisham was that I was too familiar with his writing style and needed a break. At any rate, I love the pace of this novel, which is largely a factor of the dialogue Sebastian Rudd uses to paint us a picture. At least I experienced the scenes as if I were chatting with the guy.<br/><br/>Rudd could almost have been written by Stephen King, but would not have worn a tie and would have been speaking with a language more befitting a guy from the hood, instead of a hardened, cynical street lawyer.<br/><br/>Other reviewers may disagree, but I think this is a good story with a lawyer who could almost have been a Philip Marlowe if he'd chosen detecting for a profession.
Scattered story. It seemed like I was reading a draft that would make a good story if polished and reworked.
I have been an avid John Grisham fan since the 1980s and always look forward to reading his next book. This is the first one I do not like and wish I had not wasted the money to purchase. I do not understand why this book is being called a novel as there is no plot. This is instead a collection of unrelated short stories with the only connection being the central character. Missing are the fascinating characters, riveting plot with twists and turns, and engaging thought-provoking story that I expect from a Grisham novel. I found the stories to be boring and cliched, and felt the book was preachy rather than entertaining. I sincerely hope that this is not an indication of the direction that Grisham is going for his future books.
Michael Connelly did it first and better.  In my opinion a rip off of  The Lincoln Lawyer
I have not yet finished the book but so far have been disappointed. I love John Grisham but this has not impressed me. The main character is not very likable and most of the others are almost cariacatures of the evil, dumb, fat, corrupt public officials. Just not up to his usual page turning work, at least for me.  Of course, one of my all time favorites of his is "Playing for Pizza" which is completely different.
its unusual for me to stop reading a book once I've started. Unfortunately Rogue Lawyer is one of those exceptions. I keep waiting for those layered, flawed, cherishrd Grisham characters to develop; instead we're given insipid Mickey Spillane dialog from wise cracking bad guys, deadbeat gumshoes and other absurd stereotypes (! beautiful but cold as ice lesbians! heart of gold hookers!). The bad guys are sooo bad, theyre kidnappers, drug kingpins, sex slave sellers and serial killers all rolled into one-and as mentioned before story lines only loosely tied together. a waste of money.
Some time ago, Grisham decided he wanted to be a 'serious' writer and began to distance himself from legal thrillers.  He went to his publishers, and said he no longer wanted to write about the courtroom.  Too bad, they said, and insisted he write the remaining legal thrillers on his contract.<br/><br/>This pissed off Grisham, who said in an interview that he would write them, if forced, but he would go out of his way to write bad ones.  And he did.  The legal thrillers he wrote at that time were crap, and you could tell he was phoning it in.  I was really angry, because I had spent a lot of money on his books, and I remember wondering at the time if he was thinking of his fans when he was deliberately writing the crappy books, or if he ever thought about how hard it can be to afford a book in some families and whether or not he owed it to us to give us his best efforts.<br/><br/>In any case, I've never read a single of his books that wasn't a legal thriller, and I never will.<br/><br/>I don't know why I bought this.  But I'm glad I did.  It was engaging and well-paced and worth every penny.  I couldn't put it down, and I want to jump up and down and scream "he's back!"  Its a lot of fun to read.  Rather than one case, he tells a series of stories about different cases that all end up tied together, a lot like Lawrence Block's 'Hit Man' series.  I never got bored with the story.  I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a good read.
I wonder if Grisham is fixing to reform the justice system.  This series of linked novellas examines the influence of politics, the War on Drugs, sex trafficking, and violent video games on the police and the judiciary and tells it like we all know it is.  Read it!
I'm in love with Sebastian Rudd. Please, oh, please let there be more books about this totally bad boy lawyer. John Grisham has long been a favorite writer of mine and he just gets better and better.
Another great one by Grisham! Started one afternoon,and finished the next. Good reading time and time again. An intricately woven story line. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
This is probably the worst book I have read from Grisham, it's stilted and really looks at undeveloped short stories about a lawyer many of us are not likely to appreciate.  While the arguments are about the system, this character is not necessarily one riding to the rescue or solving the problems that exist.
So, so disappointed with this book.<br/>1) It doesn't read like any other Grisham book and I've read them all. It's almost like he loaned his name to some hack.<br/>2) It's not "a book" but a collection of short stories with the same leading cast.<br/><br/>Stories actually aren't terrible, but not up to Grisham's normal level.
ROGUE LAWYER is John Grisham’s Howard Beale moment. Beale was the television news anchorman in Paddy Chayefsky’s 1976 dark comedy, Network. After being informed by station executives that his low television ratings made his dismissal inevitable, Beale arrives at the live broadcast of his show and pours out his anguish over the declining state of broadcast journalism. He instructs his audience to go to their windows, open them up and scream, “I’m mad as hell, and I’m not going to take this anymore!”<br/><br/>Many bestselling writers appear to be willing to avoid taking controversial stands on contemporary social issues. However, Grisham seems to relish attacking the perceived ills of society as the basis for many of his legal-themed novels. Through decades of bestsellers, he has attacked the death penalty, unethical lawyers, the vice of money in judicial campaigns and numerous other problems of the American justice system. In his latest effort, he has ratcheted up his displeasure to a new level --- this time, he takes on steroids. For Grisham, justice is no longer an element of American criminal law.<br/><br/>Attorney Sebastian Rudd is the lens through which readers will examine the criminal justice system, and it will not be a complimentary portrait. Rudd is a unique character, a solo practitioner who does not even have a law office. His vehicle, a large Ford cargo van, serves as his office, which past events justifies. Rudd has a legion of enemies, both former clients and police officers who have seen their professional lives heavily damaged by his “take-no-prisoners” approach to trials. He has avoided a permanent office ever since his last one was fire-bombed by an arsonist who was never apprehended. His legal team primarily consists of his driver/bodyguard, Partner, who Rudd describes as his only friend. Their bond was sealed when Partner, represented by Rudd, was found not guilty of the murder of an undercover narcotics officer. Like Humphrey Bogart and Claude Rains in Casablanca, it was the beginning of a beautiful friendship.<br/><br/>Grisham has multiple targets in his criticism of the criminal justice process. He has chosen to present his case using an episodic format; the result is a series of short novellas with Rudd’s battles with police, prosecutors and judges being the overarching theme binding them together.<br/><br/>In the first such episode, readers are introduced to Rudd as he defends his client against a capital murder charge. The crime, which involved the murder of two young girls, was heinous and brutal. The public is outraged, and the media frenzy is enormous. There’s just one problem: Rudd’s client is innocent. For years, Grisham has been a vocal opponent of the death penalty, writing and speaking of its tragic shortcomings. The number of death penalty cases where convicted defendants are actually innocent is astoundingly large. Why? Grisham makes it very clear: “If a prosecutor gets caught cheating, he either gets reelected or elevated to the bench. Our system never holds a bad prosecutor accountable.” As Rudd struggles to prove his client’s innocence, we learn an important fact. Rudd has no qualms about fighting as dirty and unfairly as circumstances warrant. The only way to fight evil is with equal amounts of evil.<br/><br/>The second case focuses on the militarization of police departments across America. Doug Renfro, an average suburban homeowner, is awakened one night to the sound of intruders. He grabs for his gun, and shots are exchanged. The result? Renfro is seriously wounded, and his wife is killed. The intruders are the local police department’s SWAT team, invading Renfro’s home because they believe he is involved in the illegal sale of prescription drugs. They are wrong, incredibly wrong, but double down and charge Renfro under a state law that does not allow a citizen to fire at police officers even if the officers improperly invade his or her home. As Grisham describes this case, his anger jumps off the pages. Why didn’t the police just ring the doorbell during the day and ask some questions? “The answer is simple: These guys think they are part of an extreme elite force, and they need their thrills…”<br/><br/>There are further examples of injustice in the remaining chapters. This is an angry and perplexing book that raises numerous questions while leaving just as many unanswered. Sebastian Rudd is a fighter for justice, but to achieve a just result, he often resorts to injustice and illegality of his own. You can certainly read ROGUE LAWYER as an entertaining legal thriller, but in fairness you should ponder the important questions it asks about America’s criminal justice system. John Grisham would expect nothing less.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Stuart Shiffman
I was initially disappointed when I realized that this book is a series of novellas rather than a full out novel.  Even though the protagonist, Sebastian Rudd, the "rogue lawyer" is the main character in each story and the stories do, in some cases, tie together it is not a conventional novel. I got the feeling that John Grisham created a recurring character he could use for a series of novels, began to write but ran out of steam with each idea.  Rather than toss what he had written, he simply incorporated them all into this book. That having been said, the main character he created is unique, interesting and fun to read about.  The stories are entertaining, though somewhat repetitive in nature, because they're always about the rogue lawyer, who walks a very fine line between doing his job in a legal manner while he pushes the envelope of legality to the breaking point in every case.  The opposition in all cases are those to whom we normally look to maintain our justice system and are portrayed as a bunch of corrupt, bumbling, loutish brutes or bureaucrats.  Spoiler alert, they don't get away with it and our hero, Mr. Rudd, shows them up for what they are.  Only in the last novella does Grisham depart somewhat from this formula.  I always enjoy Grisham's writing style and will continue to read everything he writes.  Baseball players don't hit home runs every at bat and neither do authors.  In this case he hit a solid double, creating an enjoyable read with fun characters, both good guys and bad.
Hang around trial lawyers and you will hear war stories. You can trust me on this because I tell them all the time. Sebastian Rudd is a criminal lawyer who is not particularly afraid to cross the line into actual criminality. His life is defined by cases and by trials. When the cases and trials are over he moves on to new cases and new trials. Such is life at the bar for even the most ethical of practitioners.<br/><br/>John Grisham has structured this novel like a collection of war stories. These are not mere war stories, they are simply great war stories. And the mystery the reader will confront is whether or not any of these events will ever be tied together by the end. I am not going to reveal that.<br/><br/>What I will reveal is that Rudd is Vinny Gambini on steroids-figurative steroids at the very least, but perhaps the real stuff. Unlike Vinny he has real talent and can master even a hostile courtroom. Rudd is completely over the top-the kind of lawyer who will cheat and lie if called upon and somehow is able to deliver first class representation to his clients some of whom are first rate people but most of whom are societal dregs.<br/><br/>This is a lawyer's book. It is one we will laugh about along with our favorite quotes from one Jerry Callo, Gambini's "stage name". However, you won't have to go to law school to treasure this book. Even yutes will love it.
worst grisham book ever. overpriced for a series of short stories. additionally, the main character is a rip off of mackey haller the lincoln lawyer. i cant believe i waited so long for this grisham book only to get 350 +/- pages of garbage. doesn't rate the 1 star i had to give it........
I rated this 5 stars partly to counteract some of the lower ratings that I felt were a bit harsh. However,  I enjoyed the read and identified with Rudd who was the lead character, and I read the story pretty much non-stop until the end, breaking off only for a night of sleep.  I do admit it did resemble a series of novellas much of the way, but there was a constant thread in terms of location, family, friends and it all came together at the end I thought.  Bit disappointed in the end as it felt like there was more to be told seeing as he was in a bit of hot water I thought and he had ties he just would not walk away from.  Hoping that's because he has another Rudd book in the works.<br/><br/>Those who might not like the book are those who are part of the "police state" as Grisham likes to call it, and of course any one in the justice system and those who benefit most from limits on damages in civil suits, primarily insurance companies.  Grisham speak a lot of truths in his books, this one included, many of which are largely unspoken in a non-fiction setting such as in newspapers and mainstream newshows.  Doesn't seem to be doing much good though.
I've been reading John Grisham's books for years and some of his earlier books rank highly in my favorites of all time. I was disappointed this time around. ROGUE LAWYER was a less than so-so read.<br/><br/>It really felt like a bunch of short stories that the author tied together by using one lawyer to try all the cases noted - which could have worked but ended up feeling just thrown together.<br/><br/>Sebastian Rudd is a defense attorney, not liked by the DA's office, by the police, usually by his clients, and definitely not by his ex-wife. He doesn't have a permanent office since someone firebombed his last one so he does business out of a fortified van, driven by a man who is combination chauffeur/bodyguard/consultant and is called Partner - who he rarely talks to.<br/><br/>The book looks at a few of Rudd's current cases, usually alternating chapters, with choppy writing and very one-dimensional characters.<br/><br/>I was disappointed in the book and was especially disappointed in the ending, which was abrupt and left some of the plotlines dangling.
Every cop hater cliche in the book. Unimaginative, insalubrious jail cells, dishonest prosecutors and judges keeping the system going by putting on sham trials that can only be stopped by a Rouge Lawyer. I want my money back!
John Grisham writes well. I have read every book he has published. However I cannot help but get the feeling he is treating his readers quite cynically now. From developing excellent novels with well crafter plot lines and stories that give the reader pleasure, I find his last two books (including this one) seem to demonstrate a person that has become tired of what he does.<br/>I can understand that because after all he has written many good novels, some of them great and all of them interesting. I do not like that he has resorted to some sort of casual and careless writing style and one cannot help but get the impression he simply churns this out for the money he can make off his name.<br/>There is an underlying sense that this book was not actually written by him but rather that he has put his name on someone else' work.
I thoroughly enjoyed Mr. Grisham's latest novel.  Thought the ending a bit strange, but considering the chacracter, it was most appropriate.  I got angry at times throughout the book for the sheer stupidity of the police force.  I felt so sorry for that one man that lost his wife and then he got arrested?  Are you kidding me?  But he did get justice, or not really, but as much justice as old Sebastion could muster for him.  I don't always enjoy Grisham's writing, but usually I do.  And this is a great one.  I couldn't put the book down.  I kept wondering what would creep up next in old Lawyer Rudd's life.  His wife is a kick and a half!  Seriously?  Can't believe anyone could be that conniving or stupid for that matter.  All in all, an excellent read.
This is really no stars. I am more than halfway through this "novel," and am putting it down. It is not a novel, but vignettes or stories based around the central character. As has been noted by others, the character is strikingly similar to the one created by Michael Connelly in the Mickey Haller stories from the mobile office with driver, former wife who's also a lawyer, child, etc. Very disappointed in the author and the publisher who put this out.
I thought when I bought this book I was going to read another exciting courtroom drama with a central plot, etc.  Instead, it seems more as if I bought a series of short stories, each without very much drama, and I dislike short stories for good reasons, so I'm not really thrilled reading this book.  I will force myself to finish it because the characters are interesting and because I spent some money, but there it is too much about legal injustices and not enough action.  I expected more from Grisham.
Well, he didn't phone this one in, but it was close. Very disjointed. Rudd, the main character, is a cartoon of a lwayer. Michael Connelly did it better with Mickey Haller in "The Lincoln Lawyer" and "The Brass Verdict". Much more believable. I gave up on this one 1/3 of the way in. Sorry I wasted my time on this.
What happened to the John Grisham that wrote those great books like A Time to Kill, The Firm, The Rainmaker?  When did he start just pushing out the books -- two new books a year -- instead of righting great novels?  Maybe this is the price of success but The Rogue Lawyer is another Grisham effort that falls short.<br/>I suggest to read books by Michael Connelly who is still working at his craft.  Enough time spent with Grisham
I'm beginning to judge a book in my old age by whether I doze off while reading. I certainly didn't with this book. It is a complete delight. It reminds me of a Mickey Haller novel by Michael Connelly only better. It's like a series of novellas linked together in a pleasurable chain. I have read a bunch of Grisham's books, and this is by far the best. No wonder it's #1 on the best sellers list. It deserves it.
Entertaining book for awhile ..... but turns out to be just a collection of short stories with an ending that screams numerous sequels. While entertaining it's not up to any of the author's previous efforts and could have been written over a long weekend.  For some reason it makes you feel like you're waiting for a Sue Grafton ish "S is for sequel."
In this novel, Grisham explores current issues such as militarized police forces that commit violent crimes against the very people whom they have vowed to "protect and serve." There is no doubt that this country's judicial system needs reform. "With Liberty and justice for all" should become more than an empty promise, a glib sound-bite.
I thought this was up too John Grisham's usual superlative, terrific novels.  Sebastian Rudd is a gritty realistic lawyer with a gun and an attitude to match!  Even with that he still has heart.  It did have a few different cases he handled which some might think is more short story like, but it was pretty cohesive.  I mean in the space of a few months lawyers do handle multiple cases.  (I worked for lawyers I know).  A great book and terrific read.
I love Grisham's books, so much so that I'll buy the next one anyway.<br/><br/>This one was just awful.<br/><br/>Plusses: Potentially interesting main character and a very easy read.<br/><br/>Minuses: Well, for starters there was the total lack of plot. Or any kind of suspense. Or character development. Or ending.
Do NOT believe any of these reviews - Including this one. None of us have the communication skills to truly relate how much you will enjoy this book ---- IF you like John Grisham. And any rating less than five stars, you folks are (I'm sure) wonderful people, but you are kind of missing the point with this writer.
Grisham gives another look at the judicial system, its awkwardness and often arbitrary reasoning. Judging is no longer about law and fairness, but about finding loopholes, secondary motives and favors. The proof is in the numbers, there are too many people in jail in the US. Excellent book!
I really enjoy just about everything John Grisham writes, though I'm not a huge fan of his short stories(or anyone else's for that matter), and this book felt more like a collection of short stories.  There was no urgency of a life and death trial as in his other books, but, John Grisham really knows how to write up a character and this book is no exception.<br/><br/>Sebastian Rudd is a lawyer who defends criminals and has the lifestyle to prove it. He works out a van because he likes to be a moving target for the many people who want him erased, starting with the police.  It's funny how the men and women entrusted with keeping us safe, can bend the facts when things to don't work out their way as in one of the stores in this book.  An elderly couple have their unprotected internet connection used by the neighbor boy to buy drugs, and when the police break down the wrong door, killing two dogs and one elderly wife, Sebastian Rudd is called into the defend the elderly man from the police and to keep him out of jail for firing back at the intruders(police).<br/><br/>Throughout the book I enjoyed Rudd's on-going battle with his ex-wife, also a lawyer, who wants to keep Rudd away from their accidentally child together, so that she can raise him without Rudd's bad influence.  The boy's name is Stretcher, and name Rudd of course hates, and who would want their child named after something that we put dead and dying people on to take them to the hospital?<br/><br/>And speaking of names; Rudd's partner is named Partner, which is either really cute, or just plain stupid, but Partner is a wonderful character who drives Rudd's van, and assists him in every other way, including being Rudd's body guard when necessary.<br/><br/>Grisham writes beautifully, his characters are quirky, and fun, and his plots are always interesting. I've never regretted starting or speed-reading to the finish of a John Grisham book, and I find that he's only getting better with age.
ROGUE LAWYER by John Grisham creates a brand new Grisham character, a criminal defense lawyer named Sebastian Rudd. When I first started reading I thought I had picked up one of Michael Connnelly’s Lincoln Lawyer books. Rather than the legendary Lincoln touring car of Lincoln Lawyer fame, Rudd works out of a dilapidated aging van outfitted as his office. He has a driver named, Partner, who doubles as his bodyguard and part-time friend. Sabastian Rudd is a brilliant criminal defense lawyer, a protector of the underclass and, at times, defender of despicable criminals. He is an in-your-face, tenacious lawyer who prosecutors and judges dread dealing with in a court of law. He wins most of his cases, loses some, but always keeps the legal system on their toes. Rudd has an ex-wife, Judith, who married and divorced him before their son, Starcher, was born. Judith, also a lawyer, lives with her partner, Ava, and periodically takes Rudd to court seeking to cancel his measly 36-hours a month visitation agreement with their eight-year-old son. She claims he is an unfit father which Rudd admits to. The book features several separate stories with a loose connection to one another. One features the abduction of the local police chief’s teenage daughter; another, Rudd’s defense of a very dangerous drug kingpin; and another, the criminal defense of an out of control cage fighter.<br/>Grisham has created an interesting character in Sabastian Rudd, a quick-witted and often humorous criminal lawyer who fights like a bulldog for his clients and who is determined to win at all costs. Grisham knows how to put a story together, one where the reader cannot wait to read the next exciting page. And yes, there is even a bit of romance within the pages. Rogue Lawyer is a fun read. I give it a 5-star rating.
For years now, I've been detecting a certain sociological bent to J. Grisham, and a corresponding thrust in his novels.  His "An Innocent Man" delved into the complexities of police misconduct and overreach, and now it seems Grisham has biases to come full front.  Not content with stories about downtrodden clients getting extreme justice, as in "The Rainmaker," now Grisham seems to require his law enforcement/government officials to be mono-dimensional stooges (I lost track of how many times Rudd, his character, refers to the police as "clowns") and engage in nothing more than evidence tampering and legal tricks to convict the wrong person and save themselves from actually having to do work for a living.<br/><br/>Most of this I could take, but Grisham writes in the first person, as in so many of his previous works.  A line gets blurred with the use of first-person narrative, because only the most skilled of writers can prevent his own personality, temperament and biases to bleed into the narrative wholecloth.  Grisham is very skilled, but unfortunately his bias is beginning to show, and in a big way.<br/>This novel is mis-named: it should be called "Rogue Cops."  It is little more than a montage of horror stories about police misconduct and overreach, and the lengths that prosecutors are willing to go to in order to secure a conviction.  Grab the likeliest suspect, indict, build a case that supports it to the exclusion of all else, including the actual evidence.  In one part of the novel, a judge is so biased as to deny every motion of the narrator, and affirm every motion of the prosecutor.  Really?  A far cry from 'Rainmaker,' which was sensationalistic enough without being completely unbelievable.<br/><br/>In Grisham's invented world, the police and prosecutors are only effective because they have $$, tools, law, jurisprudence, and the vast majority of control mechanisms on their side.  Once these begin breaking down, their Keystone Kops stupidity and gyrations serve only to further undermine their cases and bring the whole thing down like a stack of cards, as the narrator stands by giving assistance and watching gleefully.  We broke into the wrong house?  Oh, poopies.  Well, indict the owners as co-conspirators so we don't have to admit it.<br/><br/>I believe such things do happen, this being the real world, with flawed and imperfect human beings occasionally at the helm -- remember Mike Nifong?  The through-line of Grisham's work here (and lately) is that Mike Nifongs proliferate like little pink bunnies throughout the justice system.  Running wild, mis-indicting EVERYBODY, and posing a threat to good people across our nation.<br/><br/>Grisham's heroes?  The low-life types at society's fringe, who step in and help our hero because our hero -- like a kind grandfather -- supports them with legal advice, $$, and paternalistic attention.  Sorry for the spoiler, but one of the rogue lawyer's "assistants" is a MMA fighter who is -- STILL! -- the head of an urban drug-distribution syndicate.  How is he sympathetic at all?  He only does it to feed his downtrodden, illegal immigrant family, silly.<br/>Oh, awww, I had no idea.  How sympathetic.  Wow, those bad cops.  Those bad, evil, corrupt, wicked "protectors of our society."<br/><br/>Rock-solid writing by Grisham, but symptomatic of a mindset that I have a hard time sustaining.  I don't know that I'll purchase one of this man's works quite so quickly again.<br/><br/>Recommended, with caveats.
I have liked almost all of Grisham's novels...almost.  The few I didn't like were of the non-lawyer variety (those of you who follow his books know exactly what I mean.)  He is one of the authors who I anxiously await the release of his latest edition and more often than not I pre-order them for my Kindle.  His last book was horrible...the one about strip coal mining, "Gray Mountain."  I don't think I could even finish reading it, it was so bad...so completely and blatantly and obviously and redundantly (do you get my drift yet) a political/environmental propagandandistic (is that a word?) bunch of overkilling hogwash that I couldn't believe that I was reading a genuine John Grisham novel.<br/>  So I wrote and told him (ignored by the way) that I didn't like it and was giving him one more book to bring me back into the fold.  I'm not sure that this one "did" it, though.  Buyer beware:  this is not the typical Grisham novel that we grew to love. Rather it is more of a collection of short stories that are, only occasionally and oft times remotely, connected together...sort of...sometimes.  Any one of his 4 or 5 or 6 separate stories (I forget how many because they all sort of coagulated in my mind) might have made one great "real" Grisham novel...the old Grisham anyway.<br/>  I almost quit reading the book about 30-40% into it (Kindle version, remember) but made myself stick it out to the bitter end.  Had I stopped at that point I would have given the book 2 stars because in all fairness the early short stories were entertaining and well written...they were just short stories.  He did sort of wrap the book together at the end...although there's at least 2 or 3 loose ends out there (but please oh please don't come back to them in book 2 someday) so he "earned" a third star in my humble opinion.<br/>  So this book is ok...just barely ok...unless you have a lot of other books to read.  Might I recommend John Sandford, Vince Flynn, Brad Thor, Sue Grafton, Tom Clancy, Ted Bell, Joel Rosenberg...or a lot of others instead?  I doubt if I will pre-order Grisham's next book.  I'll have to read the reviews first...and maybe just maybe wait till it comes out at my library.  Be forewarned.
This is a rather formulaic book that follows Sebastian Rudd, a rogue, seemingly nomadic lawyer who travels around the local, unnamed city he lives in and takes on the cases that no other lawyer would be willing to take. He is a champion for justice, a lawyer who has no qualms about being unethical when he considers the injustice of the system. He is willing to take all sorts of risks for the benefits of his clients, and he is not worried about death or injury, despite the fact that the threats of both constantly loom over him.<br/><br/>This isn't a typical Grisham book. For one, it's more a series of short stories revolving around the same characters, rather than a novel with a single plot. Every thirty or forty pages, a new case arises and Rudd takes it on, but some of the supporting characters remain with each case. I have read other reviews and it's evident many people weren't fond of this style. Frankly, I would have preferred one story so as to allow for a better development of the characters, but it was unique to see Grisham work with this format. I don't think the results were bad, just not necessarily the best they could have been.<br/><br/>The book, overall, was enjoyable. The plot(s) did manage to unfold rather quickly, the writing style was quite suspenseful and I was interested in finding out what would happen to the characters. However, this isn't to say that the book did not have its flaws. Not only was the format of multiple cases not the best, Rudd seems like too much of a knockoff of Michael Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer, Mickey Haller. While Haller works out of a Lincoln Towncar, Rudd works out of a van. Haller has his driver Earl and partner Cisco, and Rudd has his partner, Partner (no kidding). Both take on cases most would be unwilling to take, and both are not hesitant to make unethical choices for the benefit of their clients. Unfortunately, Michael Connelly did a much better job developing his plot and character--there is no way that this story and Sebastian Rudd come close to Mickey Haller. The development of the character just isn't there, and most of the exciting courtroom scenes are summarized and not played out exchange for exchange.<br/><br/>Another disappointing aspect of this book comes in the form of Grisham's proselytizing. It's one thing to inject a few of your political/social opinions or leanings into your book as an author, but its another to have those principles become the tenets and foundation for the book. Grisham dedicates pages of material to condemning trigger happy police officers, and paints nearly everyone in the government as incompetent, overzealous, corrupt and vile. I am sure that there is a great deal of truth to this in our contemporary society, but he went way overboard with his denunciation.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, a decent story (or stories) is weaved together and it makes for an exciting and thrilling read. While not on par with his other work, Grisham is still able to draw the reader in and maintain interest. He still has talent and is still a good writer.<br/><br/>All in all, this is a decent book. I do not regret reading it. I enjoyed the book, despite some of its shortcomings. I am appalled at some of the user reviews. Some people are making this book out to be the most deplorable thing they have ever read. It's not. Is the book a magnificent piece of literature? No. Is it worthwhile to read? Considering its length and writing style, yes. Some people are obviously prone to hyperbole, because I have read comments demanding this book be burned or tossed into the ocean. Let's be pragmatic and sensible here--it is not that bad at all. You didn't like the book? I understand. Say so, but don't call for the stoning of the author.
In 1987, author Scott Turow stunned the literary world with a courtroom mystery/thriller named PRESUMED INNOCENT.  The huge success of this novel not only re-ignited the legal thriller genre but also influenced a young author named John Grisham.<br/><br/>Grisham had little success with his first novel that was entitled A TIME TO KILL.  However, in 1991 he penned a juggernaut book called THE FIRM.  This novel took what Turow had started and kicked it up several notches.  Thus started a long and mostly successful literary career --- which included a re-release of his first novel.<br/><br/>John Grisham's name has become synonymous with the legal thriller and many of his works have been developed for film.  If you ask Grisham, the only film version that got it right was THE RAINMAKER.  But I digress.  With the release of ROGUE LAWYER, Grisham was being heralded as finally putting together a book that would launch him back to the top of the best seller list.<br/><br/>This novel will no doubt have success on his name alone.  I regret to say that there is little substance beyond the author's name for me to give a ringing endorsement.  I really wanted to like ROGUE LAWYER but had a hard time getting past the initial resemblance to Michael Connelly's THE LINCOLN LAWYER. Instead of doing his legal work from a Lincoln, Grisham's protagonist --- Sebastian Rudd --- does his from a converted bulletproof van.<br/><br/>Rudd is a controversial lawyer who defends seemingly open and shut guilty clients and get many of them of.  In the process, he has made many enemies, ruined his marriage and not endeared himself to any other attorneys.  His only 'friend' is the soft-spoken, hulking body-guard/van driver simply known as Partner.<br/><br/>What really annoyed about this novel (and many things did) is the over-simplification Grisham uses for proper names and titles.  Partner and Go Slow are just a few of the simple names given to characters.  The most glaring is the failure to set the novel in a real place.  Rudd simply works in City.  It is only towards the end of the novel that we find out City is not very far from Atlanta.<br/><br/>The novel jumps around between a handful of cases --- none of them very compelling.  A satanic child-molester/murderer, a man whose wife if killed during a police home raid, an ultimate fighter who killed a ref in the ring.  The last act of the novel involves an alleged serial killer named Arch Swanger.  He allegedly kidnapped and killed the daughter of a cop.  The only point ROGUE LAWYER gets interesting is when Rudd's son is kidnapped by the police in return for the location of the body of the one cop's murdered daughter.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the kidnapping is wrapped up quickly and what little suspense there could have been defused in the process.  ROGUE LAWYER is an epic fail, considering the high expectations from an author of Grisham's caliber.  I cannot understand why he chose to phone this one in when I have found his recent novels very entertaining --- especially his foray into baseball with the terrific CALICO JOE.  I hope this is the last we see of Sebastian Rudd --- but if this novel inevitably hits the best seller lists, money will talk louder than substance and this weak novel may spawn sequels.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Ray Palen for New Mystery Reader
Sebastian Rudd is a lawyer who defends scumbags.  He is unafraid of the inherent dangers that accompany many of these defenses, and he is a fearless negotiator who tries all angles available to him to ensure that justice is done even to the most unsavory characters.  The public thinks he is a scumbag himself for defending such vermin, and many of the vermin that he defends don’t deserve a lawyer of his caliber, and they don’t appreciate his talent or his ability to play with his gloves off.  He is tough and always seems to operate best when he is right along the borderline of ethical behavior.  He is divorced, his ex-wife is an industrial grade bitch, and he loves cage fighting in his off time.  He shoots pool at weird hours, and his office is in a van, driven by his bouncer, Partner.  The book weaves its’ way in and out of a number of seedy people with nasty legal problems, and he is in constant danger from many different places.  He deals with criminal behavior from the police in one instance, and he tries to defend a fighter who killed a referee in another case.  An assortment of people who are mostly on the fringe make this a very interesting read, with no real lasting value other than entertainment.  This book has a scattered plot; it seems to jump from one story to another without too much tie.  Grisham attempts to make connections by concocting some wild events that give the story a contrived feel.  The end is very unsatisfying.  It leaves too many loose ends dangling, and it feels like the author just got tired of writing, so he quit.  All in all, a satisfactory book to entertain.  It is high on entertainment, low on value.
I usually like grisham's books; but this one was choppy, a slap-dash plot.  Character development was poor.  It felt like several short supply tories were slapped together. The lesbian ex wife was stereotyped. She was one dimensional. A real waste of my time.
Okay shoot me but as far as I am concerned anything John Grisham writes is superb.  This twisting plot of several subplots is riveting.  I read his books to fast because I can't put them down and then it is over...ugh, I have to find a new book to read.
If I wanted to read a collection of short stories, I would have bought one.  I was very disappointed.  In this day of police annihilation, I believed Mr. Grisham's writing was inappropriate.  I will think twice before buying another book of Grisham's.
What a disappointment. This is easily the worst of Grisham's work. Such a fine storyteller he once was, but now he seems to be in it just for the money. As others have noted, it's just a series of ugly, mediocre short stories.
Read felt like a series of short story ideas that were tied together by  common hero. Earlier story ideas that never could grow to full length novels. Quick read, dynamic duo, leaves you wanting more. Incomplete
This book is more like a collection of short stories rather than a novel. Easy to read one chapter and pick it up later and read another one.  Doesn't have a cohesive plot throughout the book.  Would not recommend it to dedicated Grisham fans. Sure wish I had known this before I bought it.
A preview of a character and a series of plots that the industry that is John Grisham hopes will keep the writers' room busy between his novels and employed for many volumes falters on the first one.  Plot elements strain credulity, the writing style almost a parady of hard-boiled detective series, think Raymond Chandler particularly in his description of female characters, and the characters seem to have emerged off the pages of graphic novels.  The rogue lawyer--is he really meant to be as unappealing as he seems--lacks nuance and depth, his sidekick, Partner provides muscle, and the lesbian ex-wife and perfect kid are straight off-the shelf of left-over characters.  There are some Grisham moments--the criminal escaping his execution--but why is he so desperate for money that he sends his muscle to intimidate our hero--the effecting commentary on young black men in prison and the compulsive liar with the info on the missing girl who finally gets tedious with his knowledge of our hero's movements. Well, Stephen King is doing it, JK Rawlings is doing it, Nelson DeMille has done it, so why not John Grisham and his writers' room?
I'm only a few chapters into the book, and I feel like two stars is being very generous.  I know I shouldn't judge the book when I haven't really gotten into it, but...<br/><br/>The main character is a lawyer who has a penchant for taking on the unwinnable cases.<br/>He works out of the back of his vehicle, that's all fixed up with all of the amenities of an office.<br/>His driver and assistant, I guess you could call it, is a former client of his.<br/>He was once married, to another lawyer, became divorced/separated, and has a child.<br/><br/>Did Mr. Grisham read or watch Michael Connelly's Micky Haller/Lincoln Lawyer series?  It seems like a poor and inadequate rip-off of a much talented writer.  I don't doubt there are more similarities.  The first person perspective and reasoning of Sebastian Rudd feels far too familiar and similar to Micky Haller's reasoning and mindset.  When I saw the description from when it was announced, I thought it sounded a bit like Lincoln Lawyer, but never envisioned it would be such a blatant ripoff.<br/><br/>If you're wondering whether to buy this book, try a sample.  Save yourself some money.  Try Michael Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer series instead, for a much more rewarding piece of literature.
In another masterful legal novel, Grisham walks readers down yet another dark alley of the profession. Sebastian Rudd is a lawyer like few others who have represented their share of unsavory and downright scary clients. Rudd believes that everyone, no matter their background, personality, or personal beliefs deserves a lawyer who will go that extra mile for them. As a former member of the Boston Mafia turned author, I've dealt with my fair share of eccentric lawyers. Rudd takes the reader in several directions, taking on cases that nobody else wants. While he battles an ex-wife with a vendetta who effectively uses their son as a bargaining tool. Rudd is able to overwhelm his client with his antics. Rudd juggles the demons of his past and present while tying everything together in the end. Rudd truly invokes the power of words.
This is the second time lately I felt cheated and wished I had not stayed invested in John Grisham. The main character is relentlessly cynical and negative and thoroughly unpleasant therefore making difficult to either like or hate him. I just wanted it to be over (I have a compulsion to finish any book I start). One reviewer here said it read like a series of short stories rather than a novel and that is true, and none of the short stories are that interesting. It seems Grisham's attitude needs an adjustment. "Gray Mountain" was one long rant against fracking and preached endlessly, with little plot or character development. If I wanted to be educated about fracking I would have read a book by an expert. So, goodbye Mr. Grisham. I read them all but as you have run out of narrative gas, my engine has stalled.
It is a strange feeling. I start really believing in some conspiracy going on. First there is a relntless anti-police campaign in the media.second, there are books like this, filled with hatred to police, almost on the verge of histeria. What is goong on? Is this a preparation to some sort of knife and gun terror attacks like in Israel, where police will be too afraid to react? Or something even more sinister?<br/><br/>Or is it some sort of coincidence and I'm overreacting? Maybe the author just got his "inspiration" from the current "hot" media topic? I surely hope so.<br/><br/>As far as the book goes, it is not bad. A very good airport or long flight reading. Kept me entertained if could have shaken off the conspiracy thought. Solid two stars.
I've read pretty much everything Grisham writes but I'll admit after Gray Mountain (which wasn't bad by any means, just not my favorite plot & characters) I was a tad skeptical the Rogue Lawyer. I also had read a review or synopsis that said this was a combination of short stories and gave the impression that they weren't linked. I was looking for a classic lengthy novel with a convoluted but single plot. Either way, it was Grisham so I was going to read it anyway and I'm glad I did. This read greatly exceeded my expectations! It was Soo good that early on, I told my mom about the story so far Nd precede to read the rest of the novel out loud to her on our eleven hour road trip and now she's a fan too. Thanks again for a Great read John!
I was a bit disappointed. The book was almost lIke a collection of short stories, but not. Not Grisham's best
Not his best,  I thought I was reading Connelly,s Linclon Lawyer, shame on you for copying the idea
That was the first and best book by Grisham I read.<br/><br/>I n "Rogue Lawyer" Grisham continuously denigrates the System.  Cops are corrupt.  DAs cheat.  What's a Defense Attorney to do?<br/><br/>I almost gave up mid book, but forced myself to continue.  Grisham deals with social conditions of today.  Lesbian marriage, single dads, and crooked cops.  Interesting topics, but superficially handled.<br/><br/>In "A Time to Kill" I closed the book very contemplatively. I rethought stereotypes.  There was no moral take-away in this book.<br/><br/>Disappointed.<br/><br/>The second half of the book has its moments, but ends abruptly.
Prior to "Rogue Lawyer" any book by John Gresham was an automatic purchase for me. Those days are oficially over!<br/>Mr. Gresham has been one of the best... maybe the best, of the legal thriller authors. His writing style and story lines put him at the top of the genre. Don't know if he has become a product of his own success, or if he just doesn't care anymore; but he has approached the bottom with this work. My hope is that Gresham will find the drive for excellence that marked his earlier works,  and that his best books are in front of him.
I have read all of Grisham's books and really loved them.  This one was not very good.  I wouldn't recommend it.  This was a weak story, disjointed, confusing characters, very disappointing.  It jumped around and left some gaps.  I found myself going back a number of times to figure out who was who.<br/><br/>It's on the best seller list because of who the author is.  Same reason I bought the book.  It's called a legal thriller, but thriller can't describe this book.  It consumes time, and I didn't hate it.  I just was very disappointed.
I am a Grisham fan, but I can't get through this book.  I rarely don't finish a book, but all I keep thinking is what is the point.  Very disappointed.  This is a series of short stories about the same lawyer and unrelated clients.  They really aren't good stories either.  My husband is trying to read it also and is having the same reaction.  We both read a lot and I have never written a review before, but I want to warn others before they buy the book.  I borrowed it from our library and am very happy I didn't waste any money.
John Grisham's books have always been up and down, and this one is definitely DOWN.  While it's easy reading (his style is always easy to read), I couldn't believe that he would write a book that presents police officers and police departments as 99% corrupt!  Occasionally, a "good cop" is mentioned, but overall, the impression is that every cop is evil, on the take, and basically breaking the law for their own benefit.  I am so disappointed in this fine author for fueling the fires of anti-police sentiment.
Disappointing – I was looking forward to another great Grisham book and was so let down.  Grisham should be ashamed to publish this drivel.  The book is essentially a series of short stories written on such a low level that mid-way through I checked to see if this was a middle school child’s book.<br/><br/>There was no suspense as every event was telegraphed.  Even at the wrap-up, several subplots are left unresolved.  If this is intended to be a series, I will skip any follow-on books.
I've read every thing John Grisham has written. This book is not his best work. Its not a bad read, he is a gifted writer but just not up to par with his past books. I did like that his main character was flawed, I never did decide if he was more good than bad.  I expected more. I wish I had waited until the price came down before buying it. His last two books have been a bit of let down, is he loosing steam? I sure hope not. He is one of my favorites.
Better than the last book, but nowhere near John Grisham standards. This book has no plot and Grisham can't get off his anti-police soapbox throughout. I gave it two-stars because I think he did a decent job on character development of the main character. This book could have been so much more. He could have added a few more chapters and resolved a few of the conflicts. Instead it's almost like he got tired and lazy and just wanted to end it.
I typically like Grisham novels but this one just sucks. It is more preachy than anything else. Preachy against police, preachy against judges, prosecutors, and just about anyone that is not left leaning on the political scale which just comes across as one of those celebrities at an awards ceremony that is suddenly a social justice warrior for whatever the flavor of the week cause is.<br/><br/>Disappointing doesn't begin to cover it.
This is a case of the bad, the worst, and the ugliest...that is the arena of the rogue lawyer. He takes the most difficult cases that seem to get progressively more difficult as he goes deeper into the context. He will do anything to win in the end and some of his actions are not very "lawyerly!!!" It is a plunge into the underbelly of criminal defense law! Hang on...some of the turns are sharper than you think!!!
I would say this book is more of a rant than a story. I can believe that some cops are dirty, some prosecutors lie, some judges turn a blind eye one this, but COME ON! The use of absolutes regarding dishonesty and lies by the prosecution gets more and more tedious as they are repeated ad nauseam.<br/>Truly, the potential for a story is there, but it is actually a disappointing extended "soap box" speech.
This is a well written book by John Grisham.  I just did not enjoy the topic,  Unlike his other book Gray Mountain in which the reader learns about strip mining in the middle of an excellent story, Rogue Lawyer just deals with the dregs of human society and wherein even the best of the bunch lower their standards to get what they want.  You just want to take a shower after reading it to wash off all the slime.
Started reading early on a cool Saturday morning.  Went outside for a couple of hours to rake and burn leaves and came back and picked the book back up.  Just finished it on Sunday afternoon and already looking forward to the next John Grisham book.  LOVED the short stories that intertwined with each other to tell the whole story.  Once again I am happy to have read another book by John Grisham!!!
Not at all up to Grisham standards. Lacked the page turning excitement of earlier Grisham works such as The Runaway Jury and The Racketeer among so many other of his fine novels. The central character was neither believable or particularly likable.  And the legal nuance we have come to expect from Grisham was entirely missing. Unfortunately, The Rouge Lawyer was a pricey disappointment.
Grisham seems to jump more on board with the bash the police crowd and anti-tort reform trial lawyers, than in his past books.  He appears to have run out of material and is seeking current social progressivm to enter a new phase. This book finally just came to a tired, open conclusion which leads one to think we may see a continuing saga of Rogue Lawyer. No thanks, I'll pass!
Not the best writing by John Grisham.  I'm not a fan of first-person stories.  EVER.  And something about this story just seemed dull.  Maybe it's the fact that it WAS written in first-person.  First-person makes it feel more like a diary, instead of a story.  The element of legal maneuvering that is usually so prevalent in Mr. Grisham's books just wasn't there in this one.
It sometimes seems Grisham is writing the same story over and over. Yet I always buy them right away and have fun reading them each time. This particular one does seem a bit more nuanced, with the main character more like Michael Connelly's "Lincoln Lawyer," than the typical Grisham lead. Whether you are familiar with his other books or not, this one is a good read.
I have enjoyed most of Grisham's books and was looking forward to a good read. Very disappointed. The story in the beginning is all over the place and seems to read like a diary. In some places he even repeats descriptions of some of the characters. It lacked the depth that I have grown accustomed to from this writer. Was painful to read and I was glad when I finished.
John Grisham... really??? The story doesn't seem too original and it appears as though Grisham is trying to stay relevant with today's news. A defense lawyer that defends bad guys is OK, but he falls into the trap in his side narratives that many in the media fall into... to generalize about the police and legal systems based on one or two examples of bad apples.
As a big fan for yrs, I can't believe this is the same writer. This is a couple of short stories thrown together as a rip-off book. Really feels like one of those $.99 specials I sometimes get sucked into buying.<br/>And the demonizing of the police throughout showed a nasty political bent that's too big a turnoff for me.<br/>Bye bye John - I'm done with you.
Though a longtime fan of Grisham's work, this book left me feeling rather blah.  There was really no story arc, plot line, or unifying theme.  It was more like a series of vignettes strung together showcasing the sporadic moments of interest in this Lawyer's life. Nothing was tied at the end, and I miss the suspense and drama of Grisham's earlier works.
I don't think I've ever been as confused about a book than I was with this one. I made myself get through it because I knew somehow it was all going to come together like Grisham's, The Brethren. Man was I wrong. Pointless book. The only thing I can say positive is I listened to the audio version and the narrator, Mark Deakins, was awesome.
Too Anti-police for me. John Grishman is a great writer and storyteller, but the Rogue Lawyer seemed to paint all police with the same brush. I really felt that he was using his skills and popularity as a soapbox. I know there are bad cops out there but I cannot believe it is as bad as his character suggests. Not my favorite Grisham novel.
Overall a disappointing effort from such an experienced author. The focus was scattered except where it concerned a blinding hatred of law enforcement and the judicial system. Character development seemed nonexistent. Were thIs a first effort by a new author it might have been more acceptable. As a fan of most previous Grisham works I expected more.
This book should have been titled " Short Stories".  Just when I got interested in a character and plot, it shifted to another character and plot.  The lawyer was the common  thread, but it felt very disjointed.  I'm not a fan of short stories, and would not have purchased this book if It had been properly advertised.
This can't be the same guy who wrote the Pelican Brief.  I almost stopped reading half way though but managed to finished.  A waste of time with no redeeming value.  Sorry to see Grisham continue to slide down the slippery slope.  Character development was very poor and the patchwork of this, that and the other thing.
I was extremely disappointed in the book.  I thought the whole quality of the book was far below what I have been accustomed to from a John Grisham book.  Overall, I found it to be little more than a cheap and less moral than usual novel from Grisham that I would have NOT purchased had I known its content.
I prefer one story.  This is broken down into parts with different stories for each part involving the same attorney.  It was okay.  I have all of John Grisham's books except the Boone series.  His first books were the best.  The book about the attorney searching for the missionary was one of the best.
Grisham must have written this trite book in about 2 hours. There is nothing new or exciting here. The usual attack<br/>on the legal profession and a new attack on law enforcement surrounding an unsympathetic cast of characters.<br/>Grisham is definitely living off of his reputation. If you must read this trash, borrow it from the library.
I'm a huge fan of Grisham at his best ("A Time to Kill"), but this one is just a step above his worst ("Grey Mountain").  It's clear that he just mailed it in since the money truck backed up to his door. Get back to your roots, Grisham, or your fan base will continue to dwindle.
I was a bit disappointed with John Grisham's latest maybe because it wasn't his usual scenario.  It's probably just personal taste but it just seemed a bit bitty to me at the beginning.  However, it did pick up about a third of the way through and I did end up enjoying it.
Great book till the ending. It just stops. Too many things left hanging....no closure. It was like he was writing a good book and then just stuck a "the end" on the randomly because he didn't want to finish the story. Not what I have grown to expect from Grisham.
At first, I thought I was reading a collection of short stories. Then they began to drift together. Confusing, but interesting. Lots of valid criticism of the legal system by the narrator, who eventually shows himself to be just as corrupt as he is hypocritical.
The "Rogue Lawyer" depicted someone with sense of morality but is willing to use unethical means to attain this morality.  The story line bogged down on some occasions.  The plot, however, maintained a steady cadence until the books conclusion.  T
Rogue Lawyer, John Grisham, author, Mark Deakins, narrator<br/>Sebastian Rudd is the rogue lawyer who defends hard to defend plaintiffs, plaintiffs that most lawyers reject. Once married to a woman who left him for another woman, he is the father of a second grader. His ex-wife, Judith, is also a lawyer in a lesbian firm, and she comes to his aid when he pushes the envelope and winds up in jail himself, as he attempts to defend his clients, clients he believes are entitled to a fair shake, no matter how heinous their crime. However, in all other matters Judith is his enemy, constantly suing him for custody of their child, a child she always refers to as hers.<br/><br/>The book is about a series of his cases involving murder, drugs, kidnapping, bribery, the mentally unstable, the guilty and the innocent, and all are among a gamut of other crimes, as well. It plods along without too much excitement as it exposes the corruption and incompetence that exists within the legal system. The variety of cases are interesting and from those he describes, one has to come away with the uncomfortable feeling that the entire justice system is not only blind, but it is also rife with smoke and mirrors, easily hijacked by dishonesty and very easily bought by different players.<br/><br/>The book is vintage Grisham as it is clear and concise as it dissects the dishonesty in our world with all of its warts and foibles. If you believe the author’s presentation, everyone has a price, and everyone has the capacity to be dishonest: the cops, the lawyers, the judges, the wardens, the guards, and the criminals. It is hard to know which one is the worst of the bunch!<br/><br/>Rudd is not likeable since he thinks nothing of defrauding the system he is sworn to uphold. He wears his politics on his sleeve and uses his disgust with the injustices of the system to stretch the rules himself. The cases that the author has chosen to highlight most probably are used to expose his own beliefs about law enforcement, the jury system, the expert witnesses, the lawyers, the business world, and the thugs. Since he was once a practicing lawyer, one has to assume he knows from whence he speaks so that even when a story seems implausible, the reader has to pause and question their incredulity. Grisham must have witnessed variations of these miscarriages of the justice system in person.<br/><br/>Grisham makes it feel like the courtroom is almost a venue for entertainment, where lawyers perform, and justice be damned! Politically, the views lean heavily to the left. The narrator did an admirable job, although there were times when the dialogue was confusing as one or another character spoke in the same tone of voice. This book is a great beach read, so pack a bag, toss it in, and go on your way.
Terrific book from an author who had become formulaic.<br/><br/>Rogue lawyer was captivating and well written. In the traditional legal thriller, and in the cop drama, the milieu is of a somewhat corrupted legal system. Here the milieu is a a completely insane and corrupted system. The protagonist is not completely likable and is also a rule breaker, if not transiently corrupt himself. The arm chair reader can see that he is clinically depressed and mixed in with his depression is is a very angry ex-wife about which he is ambivalent and still somewhat in love.<br/><br/>Grisham has worked for the Innocence Project and has lost his innocence. Much of the book was about the injustice and lack of accountability in the legal system. The large injustice is some militarized police serving a warrant in the form a a guerrilla raid with excessive armament and violence. Death results and the family they attacked had done nothing wrong. The author highlights how the laws in many states protect the cops even when they are totally wrong. His victims are white and there is not racial element on the injustice. The excessive power and overreach of the police is a story that needs to be told and told in a way that shows that none of us are safe. The overreach usually damages the less privileged and the author has done us a service to show that it can damage any of us.<br/><br/>There is some cage fighting, which is violent. Grisham works on how the crowd feeds off the violence.<br/><br/>There is a sociopath who is manipulating the protagonist for his own ends. One implausible part is that there is confusion about whether the sociopath is a client. He signed a contract and paid a retainer with a bad check.I thought some of the confusion to be overstated.<br/><br/>The structure is one of several cases and overlapping short stories. I liked the structure because it left time for character development, There is no expectation that "good will prevail" and flawed is the most favorable adjective that can be applied to the characters. Some of the plot elements were less rather than more plausible, particularly the kidnapping sequence.<br/><br/>I suspect that there will be a sequel and look forward to it.
I am sorely disgusted by writers who seem to tire of their craft and expect to ride on their past successes to continue hoodwinking the public into buying their books.  And John Grisham unfortunately falls into this category.  If you can’t find the fortitude to put forth a readable novel, then don’t take advantage of your past glories to beguile your avid following of readers out of their hard earned money!!!!  By spewing out an unlikeable, almost unreadable, novel while futilely exploiting a plot device (Connolly’s Lincoln Lawyer?)  puts you into a shameful category as a novelist.  I have found Grisham to be a great disappointment on several occasions, pandering to the Hollywood directors and writing drivel hoping to cast it into a movie. This applies to this attempt at a story with no plot, thinly drawn characters and an ending that leaves the door open to sequels—ugh!  I have simply given up on JG coming through with something worthwhile.  Had this been an effort by a new author, then I could be more forgiving.  It isn’t and I’m not.  In fact, I will never purchase another of John’s novels without reading all the reviews first.  It is with hope that in losing some of his vastly devoted fans he will either concentrate on writing a novel worthy of reading or take a break from writing.  It hardly seems fair to take advantage of his audiences’ wallets without giving them something worthy in return.  As a fan of most previous Grisham works I have come to expect more. It must be difficult to constantly find fresh plot lines and well drawn characters, but check the headlines, there is plenty of fodder for the taking—much of which fuels Grisham’s political leanings and could provide a radical view of the reality many are choosing to ignore or deny.  While I concur with much of Grisham’s political outlook, I felt his approach here was undeveloped, purely negative and in need of fleshing out.  Also, Grisham’s poor imitation of Mickey Haller and the Lincoln Lawyer series should give him pause to consider why he continues to crank out this twaddle if he can’t even come up with an honest plotline of his own making.  I have found a considerable amount of enjoyment in reading JG’s earliest novels, and I am not totally willing to believe that Rogue Lawyer symbolizes his future writing career.  But, please no sequels to Rogue Lawyer.  And, if Grisham’s appeal for writing has diminished or disappeared, then please move over and let the new kids on the block (who have fresh plotlines, new heroes, and well-developed characters) have their time in the sun.  Certainly you’ve made enough to comfortably retire and write only when inspired?
I love to love books by John Grisham - in large part, I'm sure, because I'm a huge fan of legal thrillers - and almost without exception, that's certainly been the case. And happily, it's true here as well. I will say that for most of the first half I concluded this is meant to be a book of short stories or vignettes that take place in the life of street lawyer Sebastian Rudd. But while each "story" might be able to stand on its own, bits and pieces of each are connected to create (aha!) a whole book. And that's not easy to pull off.<br/><br/>Rudd really doesn't have a home base, unless you count a tiny, well-secured apartment and the heavily armed van complete with heavy-duty bodyguard/driver that serves as his mobile (and only) office. He's got a young son and an ex-wife lawyer whose primary goal in life, it seems, is to gain sole custody plus 25% ownership in a mixed martial arts cage fighter named Tadeo. Rudd's paid work, for the most part, consists of defending bad guys (and I suppose gals) other lawyers won't touch with a 10-foot pole.<br/><br/>Rudd doesn't love them either, but neither does he have much respect for insurance companies, government or the criminal justice/legal system. Even if his clients are guilty - and in fact, most of them are - when he wins (and that's fairly often), he derives satisfaction in knowing he's once again stuck it to the unethical powers that be and lived to tell about it.<br/><br/>Given the natural tendencies of his clients, though, that last part is subject to change at any moment. Early-on clients include a teenage boy who's accused of the grisly murders of two young girls (a case thought to be a shoe-in win for the prosecution) and defense of "his" fighter Tadeo who, after losing in the ring for the first time, pounded the hell out of a referee who happened to be in the ring at the time of the judges' decision. The pounding, caught on video, proved fatal - and now Rudd is the only thing standing between his fighter and decades in jail.<br/><br/>If I have a complaint, it's that there's a fair amount of repetition, although that's necessary to some extent to make sure readers connect the dots among the various "stories." Still, because there seems to be a little too much of it, I'm inclined to give this one 4.5 stars - but since that's not possible here I'm perfectly willing to round up rather than down. The ending also left the door wide open for a sequel, and since I thoroughly enjoyed this one, if that happens it's a sure bet I'll be in line to read it as well.
John Grisham has been a favorite of mine over the years. He tells a good story and he always exposes something about the legal system. He has touched on injustices and outright crimes perpetrated by law firms, lawyers, public defenders, public prosecutors, judges and juries; bad behavior that is rampant throughout our legal system. When he fights a particular flaw in our legal system, as he does in almost every one of the novels he has written, we are not at all surprised by the revelations he offers. We know that the system can be fair and that it can be corrupt, and we suspect that it is corrupt more often than it is fair. John Grisham also likes lawyers who are loners, who work on the fringes of the system in small offices and shopping malls. His main character is often a principled lawyer who fights the system when corruption has taken over and made it difficult for folks to get justice.<br/><br/>In his newest book, Rogue Lawyer, we meet Sebastian Rudd, a street lawyer. He does not have a stationary office. His office is in the back of a tricked out van. He defends people who no one else wants to defend because of their obvious guilt or because s/he has been declared guilty by a system that is often only too glad to jump to conclusions. The first client we meet in the book is Gardy, probably an innocent man who the system has already decided, with almost no evidence, is guilty. Sebastian (Grisham) wants Gardy to have a fair trial but in the very small town where the crime was committed a fair trial will be almost impossible. Sebastian, because feelings are running high, stays in different motel rooms at some distance from the town changing motels as often as necessary.<br/><br/>Mr. Rudd says, “The truth is, if I had the money, the time, and the personnel, I would bribe and/or intimidate every juror. When the State, with its limitless resources, commences a fraudulent case and cheats at every turn, then cheating is legitimized. There is no level playing field. There is no fairness. The only honorable alternative for a lawyer fighting to save an innocent client is to cheat defense.<br/><br/>However, if a defense lawyer is caught cheating, he or she gets nailed with sanctions by the court, reprimanded by the state bar association, maybe even indicted. If a prosecutor gets caught cheating, he either gets reelected or elevated to the bench. Our system never holds a bad prosecutor accountable.”<br/><br/>And this is not the only claim Sebastian Rudd, our rogue lawyer, levels against the system. We follow him and his partner/bodyguard/driver cleverly named Partner as he tackles several interesting cases each an example of ways that people in positions of power have found to use and abuse their position to the detriment of our entire legal system. In one of his cases we have the Renfro’s, victims of a commando style police raid on the wrong house, who face jail time because the police will never admit that they were wrong in their intelligence and that their arrest procedures were drastically over-the-top. In another case he was the lawyer for a ganged up guy named Link who is on death row when he manages to escape using his guys on the outside and who now wants his lawyer, Sebastian Rudd, to pay him back all the fees he paid to the lawyer because he was not successful in his defense of Link.<br/><br/>We have an ex-wife who is always trying to terminate Rudd’s brief visitations with his son (his job is quite dangerous). We have the MMA fighter who goes from being under Rudd’s patronage to being his client in a self-destructive moment. And although this book is short and has a lot of white space it still manages to get us involved in Sebastian Rudd’s life and to remind us of how easy it is for our legal system to go off the rails. Except for these lone fighters that John Grisham presents us with, we are given few clues about how to reform the system. Still I leave each of Grisham’s novels full of righteous anger about how the law is being twisted into something far less that the ideals the system was set up to offer.
Very colorful characters dominate this latest novel from John Grisham, probably the most popular writer out there today.  "Rogue Lawyer" follows the story of one Sebastian Rudd, a lawyer who gets his feet slightly dirty at times, keeps questionable company and isn't afraid to bend rules or break them to get what he needs.  At his core though he is actually a decent sort, a defense attorney who does his best and understands the rules of the game enough to know when it's best to speak the language, so to speak and when to toe the legal line.<br/>  Because of his fame, Grisham often vents his own grievances through his stories.  He sold a lot of copies of his non-fiction expose "An Innocent Man", which detailed the horrifying cruelty of an Ada, Oklahoma prosecuting attorney, a police department willing to botch evidence and a crime lab that was incompetent beyond description.  These august people of the law framed, tried and convicted a poor fellow of murder of a convenience store and sentenced him to death.  How this was allowed to happen was despicable.<br/>  Coming back to the present, Grisham airs his concerns about crooked police forces, city government and other powers that be who are as bad as the supposed criminals they go after.  To be safe, he doesn't mention a particular name for the City where the action takes place, nor the state.  The reader is left to imagine just where this kind of behavior might be occurring, and hoping it isn't in his or her home town/state.<br/>  The story is a fast moving one, full of twists and turns that constantly bedevil Rudd as he tries to exonerate an ultimate cage fighter from murder charges.  This book is more entertaining than some of his other latter books.<br/>  Nonetheless, a Grisham novel is never a bad read and always offers some food for thought.  "Rogue Lawyer" is yet another fine tome in the long line of fine books we have from Grisham, and well worth reading.
John Grisham is one of my favorite authors. His book, THE FIRM, is still one of my all-time favorite titles. I think I have read all his legal thrillers, even his YA series.<br/>Grisham’s newest title, ROGUE LAWYER, is a bit different from his other titles, in that it is difficult, if not impossible to find a single likable character or positive, even semi-normal situation.<br/>The main character, Sebastian Rudd is a defense lawyer whose clientele encompasses the sleazy, horrific underbelly of society. Mr. Rudd is smart and well-versed in defense law, somewhat ethical, an avid cage-fighter fan, a mostly disinterested father, vicious and vindictive on occasion, and just downright unlikable and horribly unhappy and discontented. Mr. Rudd is interesting to read about but is a very unlikable main character. I can’t find anyone to like in this book - ex wife, Judith, her partner, various attorneys, law enforcement officials, government officials, cage fighters, security man/driver/lackey Partner, even his son Starcher, not to mention his clients - there isn’t anyone to like here. I feel empathy for Mr. Renfro and the young Kemp woman, but that’s about it.<br/>Law enforcement, local government officials, the legal profession - all of them are sly, sleazy, ‘on the take’, dishonest, unethical, rude, vindictive - I don’t want to believe what I read about these people. I know this is fiction, but the book leaves me with a feeling of unease, suspicion and abject disappointment.<br/>The writing style is like reading several closely connected short stories. I had to stop reading at times and find something cheerful to think about in order to take my mind off these horrible, nasty, cruel, unhappy characters.<br/>I would recommend this title for the fascinating read that it is. John Grisham is an excellent writer, but the content is disturbing.
It seems that John Grisham doesn’t much like police or prosecutors, and that he’s not wild about judges in general, either. As he writes in his latest courtroom drama, Rogue Lawyer, “The road to justice is filled with barriers and land mines, most of them created by men and women who claim to be seeking justice.” And even more plainly: “It’s just as well that we don’t believe in fair trials, because we damned sure don’t have them.”<br/><br/>The rogue lawyer of the title, Sebastian Rudd, is a lot like Michael Connelly’s Lincoln Lawyer. He, too, is a “street lawyer” who keeps his office in his vehicle and defends the scum of the earth, knowing that nearly all of them are guilty. Rudd is divorced from the lesbian mother of his eight-year-old son and divides his time between working to keep his clients out of prison and fending off vindictive and frivolous legal action by his ex-wife, a divorce lawyer, to deny him any access at all to his son.<br/><br/>Rogue Lawyer is structured in an atypical way for a courtroom drama, beginning with a novella about one case that serves to introduce Rudd and his sidekick (and former client), Partner, and then segueing into a more traditional thriller with multiple plots. In the novella, Rudd’s client has been sent to prison on blatantly trumped-up charges, framed by the notoriously corrupt police of the unnamed city where most of the action takes place. In another case, the city’s “warrior cops” have mistakenly invaded the home of an elderly couple, killing the wife and wounding the husband, and have covered up the later discovery that a disaffected teenager living next door is actually the drug dealer they thought they were going to arrest. In a different strand of the tale, Rudd’s client is the mixed-martial-arts cage fighter whose career he has backed; the young man has flown off the handle after being declared the loser in a fight he appeared to have won — and proceeded to beat the referee to death. And these are just three of several distinct stories tucked into this fascinating look at the underbelly of American law enforcement.<br/><br/>John Grisham is one of the most prolific and successful writers of our time. He is the award-winning author of thirty-two adult novels, five novels for young adults, three nonfiction books, and numerous adaptations of his own work to film and television. Worldwide his sales total in the hundreds of millions of books in forty-two languages.
The first thing that struck me was that Sebastian Rudd had so many similarities to Michael Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer, Mickey Haller. Rudd is a street lawyer who defends the undefendable. He works from a bullet proof van because his office was firebombed and his driver is also a bodyguard.<br/><br/>However, these quotes show that Rudd isn't really a Mickey Haller clone:<br/>"I am a lone gunman, a rogue who fights the system and hates injustice". "I don't kill. I just defend killers." "I  stopped worrying about ethics a long time ago. In my world, my enemies are ruthless. If I make nice, I get crushed."<br/><br/>Rudd's business brings him into contact with a lot of scumbags, and also very rich and influential scumbags. It also brings him into contact with the police and most of them hate him because he helps people they have arrested. Rudd despises all forms of corruption, especially in government, the judicial system, and the police.<br/><br/>The book is more a diary of Rudd's life focusing on different cases he has handled than a story. There is the case of a drug baron who continues to run his business while on death row. Another case evolved from Rudd's keen interest in watching a betting on cage fighting - a mixture of  boxing and martial arts fights in a cage instead of a ring. He is supporting an up and coming fighter and then has to defend him when the fighter goes wild at the end of a fight he has lost on points and kills the referee.<br/><br/>Frequently Grisham writes about issues that trouble him. This time Police  and legal corruption are at the top of his list. The main diary entries involve the kidnapping of the daughter of a senior police officer and a police raid that goes badly wrong. Rudd takes on the police department and the police department takes on Rudd.<br/><br/>As a side issue, Rudd has a continuing fight with his ex-wife over their son which he rarely wins. His wife, also a lawyer, left him for another woman. She is the ultimate bitch and strictly limits Rudd's time with his son Starcher and what they can do during visits.<br/><br/>All in all, I found this to be well written but a choppy book because of the episodic approach. While at first sight Rudd doesn't really seem to be a likable character, I ended up with a certain admiration and wonder if he will return in a later book.
ROGUE LAWYER is six novellas than a typical John Grisham novel.<br/> The law says that everyone is presumed to be innocent until proven guilty.  Everyone is entitled to be defended by a competent lawyer.  Sebastian Rudd defends the clients that nobody else wants to defend.  He operates out of his fully-equipped van and lives in hotel rooms, which he changes frequently, because there are many people out to get him, sometimes clients or their families, sometimes victims or their families, sometimes people involved in the legal system.  He has one friend:  his bodyguard and paralegal, Partner.<br/> Rudd does not like corruption or incompetence.  He frequently encounters both in ROGUE LAWYER.  In Part One, he is trying to defend a brain-damaged eighteen-year-old, drugged-addicted, school dropout who is accused of the horrible murders of two young girls.  His client insists he is innocent.  But the police stopped looking for any other potential perpetrators after he was arrested and adjust their evidence and stories to prove their case, the town is looking for fast vengeance, the judge does not display the required impartiality, and the client’s friends don’t make good witnesses because of their appearance.<br/> Grisham observes, “If a defense lawyer is caught cheating, he or she gets nailed with sanctions by the court, reprimanded by the state bar association, maybe even indicted.  If a prosecutor gets caught cheating, he either gets reelected or elevated to the bench.”<br/>  In Part Two,  a vicious serial killer is set to be executed within a few hours.  He has other plans and is able to show his power while he sits in jail awaiting his fate.  He is upset with Rudd because he expected to get off.  The book discusses the fate of people sent to prison for non-violent crimes, often drug-related.  “Our prisons are packed.  Our streets are filled with drugs.  Who’s winning the war?  We’ve lost our minds.”<br/> Part Three tells the story of out-of-control police who, when given heavy-duty equipment, like to use it.  Looking for drugs, a SWAT team breaks into the home of a late middle-aged suburban couple at 3:00 A.M..  (Their next door neighbor’s son had piggybacked onto their computer wireless router.)  Panic and bullets follow resulting in the deaths of the family’s dogs, the wife, and a policeman.  The husband is arrested for killing the police officer. Rudd finds it hard to accuse the police because after 9/11...”any criticism of those in uniform...is stifled.  Being labeled soft on crime or soft on terror is a politician’s curse.”  This attitude is in the process of changing because of all the recent shootings and beatings of unarmed civilians by the police.<br/> Part Four focuses on the disappearance of daughter of an assistant chief-of-police.  A former client said he can provide some information about the location of her body in exchange for cash.  It also involves an attack on a referee in a cage fight.  Rudd has a financial interest in the defendant.  A third point is the use of Professional Experts, people who travel the country giving evidence in court cases in hopes of getting the defendant off or getting a hung jury.<br/> Part Five goes into more detail about the relationship between Rudd, his ex-wife, and their eight-year-old son.<br/> Part Six wraps up the case of the cage-fighter as well as tying up the loose ends of other cases.  Sometimes bargaining can be quite involved.<br/> ROGUE LAWYER is a fast-read.  Some of the situations seem too contrived, e.g.,how can someone who is able to know so much about where Rudd is at any given time manage to avoid the police who are actively looking for him.  There is a big of repetition.  His ex-wife’s behavior and actions are unbelievably awful.  The book lacks the continuity that Grisham’s full-length novels but the shorter stories, with some interweaving of them in other parts, does make for a fulfilling reading experience.
Rogue Lawyer is one of Mr. Grisham’s better legal thrillers.<br/>Even low life thieves, liars, murderers, rapists, miscreants and reprobates of all kinds and stripes need legal representation.  Rogue lawyer Sebastian Rudd is their main man.  Unfortunately for them he is honest, ethical, and believes in old fashion justice.  This creates very serious problems for Rudd on many different levels because justice and the law mean different things to different people.  Rogue Lawyer is Mr. Grisham’s attempt to examine the true intricacies of criminal law in today’s complex legal world of everyday crime.  He does this by weaving together several scummy legal stories showing the seamier side of practicing law.  This is not your daddy’s Perry Mason world of white collar crime.  When you crawl into the pig sty you are going to get dirty—Rudd knows this but right or wrong this is his world.<br/>A good legal thriller.  No gratuitous language, sex or violence.  A reasonably good plot with interesting characters.  When he wants to John Grisham can write, in Rogue Lawyer he does.  Not quite up to A Time to Kill or The Firm but much better than his recent pulp legal thrillers.<br/>Character development could have been better.  Rogue Lawyer was a very target rich writing environment written in superficiality.  It will be very interesting to see if Mr. Grisham returns with another Sebastian Rudd thriller:  So many possibilities??<br/>Not a 5 star novel but much better than his recent shallower legal thrillers.  After 25+ legal thrillers I understand how tough it must be to maintain high standards.  Although the crime genre is immense plots and characters can become a bit formulistic after awhile.<br/>Good airport read.  The Rudd character has huge possibilities—hint, hint!
Sebastian Rudd is a criminal defense lawyer. As such he is not always the favorite lawyer with the general public. Often times people hate him because of who he represents. But lets face it everyone deserves a lawyer and in our society someone is supposedly innocent until proven guilty. But with terrible crimes such as murder, rape, kidnapping, the public is often happy that someone is arrested and believe that the person is guilty mainly because the police arrested them.<br/><br/>That is where Sebastian Rudd comes in to play. He takes those hard cases that have already been tried in the court of popular opinion and does his best to get his clients acquitted or at the worse a lesser sentence than what the crime calls for.<br/><br/>In this book Grisham will detail several clients and cases that Rudd has caught and is handling. Some you will cheer for the prosecution and hope that they win and some you will cheer for the defendant and hope they get acquitted since they are innocent. But what about someone already on death row. Why is Rudd still trying togged a stay of execution? Does he really care? Is it just a job? Does he feel a duty?<br/><br/>Then there is the case of kidnapping and maybe murder, why would Rudd defend someone who has put a family through that type of agony? Especially when the person kidnapped is really an innocent who happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.<br/><br/>All the stories blend together in a narrative that gives us a glimpse into the life of a lawyer who is hated by most people in society. One who is divorced and trying to spend time with his son, but having to battle the mother every week if not every day.<br/><br/>Being several stories that blend into one is not everyone's cup of tea, but I think Grisham does an adequate job with the process.<br/><br/>I gave it four stars because it didn't have the catch you by the throat flare that his other novels had. But still it is a fun read.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
As I slowly, but surely think about the latest, yet not-so-greatest “Rogue Lawyer,” delivered by John Grisham, something strikes me. The title screams at you, and makes promises upon promises that Johnny-Boy is once again going to deliver another masterpiece that we, the readers, never saw coming. Ok, granted, I didn’t see this one coming. But I thought it was going to be a lot better, and bolder, as advertised. When I think about it, the only endorsement Grisham has for “Rogue Lawyer,” is on the back cover, and Patrick Anderson, of “The Washington Post,” recommends it. I’ve never even HEARD of Patrick Anderson. But I did read Grisham’s latest.<br/><br/>His name is Sebastian Rudd, and he is the rogue lawyer that Grisham’s title is referring to. Rudd will tell you that he’s a well known street lawyer, yet you won’t see his name on any of the Milo billboards. He works out of a bulletproof van, and he isn’t afraid of a fight, so that should tell you he’s used to threats. In his own words, “It’s a perfect fit, right? A monstrous murderer and the rogue lawyer who’ll defend anyone.” Yep, that’s Rudd for you. Not surprising to anybody, we find that Rudd is divorced, and despite the fact that his ex-wife no longer likes men, he still has a son, Starcher, and he loves him very much. Rudd loves the cage fights of MMA, and Starcher would love to join his Daddy in the stands of an event, much to Judith’s (Rudd’s ex-wife) disgust.<br/><br/>One of Rudd’s big clients happens to be an MMA fighter, who is on trial for murder, after a split decision went the wrong way, and to another fighter. The decision is announced, and the losing fighter proceeds to sucker punch the man he just fought, knocking him out cold. But to the dismay and horror of the fans, the referee is also blindsided by a barrage of blows, and within five days, is dead. To make this even more complicated, the assistant Chief of Police’s daughter is abducted, and a client that Rudd nearly represented knows where she is. Also, escaped convict and former client of Rudd’s, Link Scanlon, seems to be up to no good as well.<br/><br/>To be honest, I thought for a little while that I was dealing with a book of short stories. And without warning, it all came together, all too carefully. I couldn’t help thinking that Grisham more than likely took a page from Michael Connelly’s “The Lincoln Lawyer,” while making his own effort. This wasn’t my favorite Grisham read. But if Sebastian Rudd happens to have a sequel on the horizon, I won’t be opposed to seeing what he’s up to, courtesy of the best and worst courtroom author out there, who always has his audience thinking. This wasn’t his worst, and it could’ve easily been just that, but it came out above average. I’m still wondering how he did that!
I have read almost all of Grisham's adult legal novels.  I don't think this is the best grade Grisham, but it certainly is engrossing.  In evaluating Grisham's body of work, we must recognize that Grisham today, living the good life in the Virginia wine country near Charlottesville, is not the novice novelist knocking out his first books in Oxford, Mississippi. Those early books were based on excitement that grabbed the reader and held him until the last page.  What could beat "The Firm" or "The Pelican Brief" for raw excitement building to a gripping climax. Now with a much larger body of work behind him, abundant financial rewards, my theory is that Grisham in his more recent novels has undertaken to use his now maturing skills as a novelist to (pardon the expression) "educate" the reader as to how the legal systems works or fails to work in its various dimensions.<br/><br/>For example, his recent novels have focused on topics such as the mass torts bar and how it operates; public interest lawyers fighting for the environment in rural West Virginia; the shortcoming of the jury system; the deficiencies of the death penalty; and the misuse of confessions.  This trend continues in this novel about a "rogue lawyer" who handles sickening criminal cases other lawyers refuse for fear of condemnation and career injury.  One interesting departure from his previous novels is that this book is really five individual stories (with some overlap) told sequentially. Each story allows Grisham an individual stage to focus upon separate aspects of how the legal system operates.<br/><br/>The sorry condition of the criminal justice system in this country is the main common theme. Given Grisham's extensive career practicing criminal law, he speaks with some authority in this area.  Fair criminal trials are largely a myth; dishonest cops and ambitious prosecutors manufacture evidence in trials presided over by inept judges held before befuddled juries. Prisons present their own problems since many of the convicts were sentenced to excessive terms for non-violent crimes (an area that President Obama is currently addressing).  Abuses of SWAT teams is another area that pops up, as does the unfairness of freezing defendant resources before trial.  Expert witnesses (of which I am one on occasion) also come in for serious Grisham scorn.  And an old favorite topic of Grisham, the bizarre world of plea bargaining, also makes an appearance.<br/><br/>The book builds toward a dynamic conclusion as do most of its predecessors--but a surprise element arises out of the blue to spoil a "happy" ending. We also learn about some new topics (at least for me) such as volitional insantiy and sexual bondage.  One great feature is that Grisham takes the reader through an entire condensed criminal trial. From my own experience as a (federal) prosecutor and college professor, criminal trials that go on all around us are really only understood by very few.  As a novelist, Grisham just continues to develop his skills in constructing plots and recounting dialogue.  This is just a very fine story on top of everything else.
After being disappointed by Grey Mountain, I debated whether I would read any more novels by John Grisham. In the past, he was one of my fav authors, particularly enjoyed The Litigators, Ford County and The Street Lawyer. But I decided to try once more.<br/><br/>I debated about giving this one 3 or 2 stars, but went with 2 as overall it's another disappointment.<br/><br/>SPOILER!<br/><br/>I didn't find the main character particularly interesting or engaging. He just seemed kind of "flat" for lack of a better word. Those colorful and believable characters from some of Grisham's previous novels were lacking overall here and not just when it came to Sebastian.<br/><br/>I also didn't like the rather disjointed way these stories were presented, seemed kind of "thrown together" as another reviewer has said here at Amazon.<br/><br/>I REALLY disliked the fight references, waaaaay too much gore and violence for my liking.<br/><br/>And taking a young child to a blood sport like this, just AWFUL!!! What father in his right mind would do that?<br/><br/>Referring to the boy having TWO mothers repeatedly, got very annoying too. Come on. This was a mother who happened to be living with a lesbian woman. That does not make for two mothers! What was Grisham trying to emphasis? How politically correct he is when it comes to lesbian parenting???<br/><br/>In the first story, the DNA found on the murdered girl not being checked initially did not ring true either. Even in a backwater town with a lot of prejudicial people, how could this kind of evidence NOT be checked, right away? That would have solved the case immediately.<br/><br/>I think this WILL be my last Grisham. Just not worth the time anymore.
the police can't bet this bad, interesting lead character but moves from one short story to another, none that great, first one was really weak. Seems like he put some of his book ideas into a collection rather than developing a full story.
Are you familiar with the Lincoln Lawyer series by Michael Connelly?  Mickey Haller practices law from the back seat of a Lincoln Town Car.  Sebastian Rudd – protagonist of John Grisham’s latest legal thriller, “Rogue Lawyer” – tops that.  Sebastian practices law from a bulletproof van, complete with bar, leather chairs and a heavily-armed driver.<br/><br/>Sebastian defends the seemingly indefensible – a young drug addict accused of molesting and murdering two little girls, a crime lord on death row, a man who fatally shot a member of a SWAT team that invaded his house.<br/><br/>Sebastian loves justice but often violates ethics.  He believes everyone is entitled to a fair trial, usually for a fee.  He despises prosecutors, cops, judges and his former wife.  She keeps taking him to court to end his weekends with their eight-year-old son, who, incidentally, is kidnapped.<br/><br/>Seemingly unrelated cases are intertwined when Sebastian becomes involved with a psycho connected to a gang that abducts young females and turns them into sex slaves and breeders.  Meanwhile, he is representing a cage fighter who beat a referee to death in front of the crowd.  It’s captured on video, but the cocky defendant turns down a generous plea bargain and insists on going to trial.<br/><br/>“Rogue Lawyer” is fast-paced, witty and full of surprises.  A lawyer himself, Grisham knows courtroom procedures.  No ridiculous confessions from the stand, but lots of tricky maneuvers.<br/><br/>Grisham has written 28 novels.  Have you read at least one?  If so, I bet you enjoyed it and will love “Rogue Lawyer.”  Those who have yet to tackle a Grisham, will love it, too.
This book has many ideas packed into it. Each of these ideas could have been a standalone novel if Mr. Grisham fully explored them. For example, the first chapter of this book focuses on a capital murder trial where the lead character, Mr. Rudd, is defending an innocent defendant. Grisham leaves that story behind in the first chapter after introducing the character, but that story could have stood alone as the focus for the rest of the book. Instead, Grisham leaves that town behind and picks up two or three more story threads.<br/><br/>Combined these plot lines weave a compelling, quick-moving story that entertains the reader. For me, all of the book's forward motion meant that I finished the book faster than I expected and looking to read more about the misadventures of Mr. Rudd.<br/><br/>The character -- a mobile criminal defense lawyer seeking justice -- inevitably draws comparison's to Micheal Connelly's Mickey Haller (The Lincoln Lawyer). While the character (and, in my opinion, dust jacket) may be similar, the tone and perspective of this Grisham book differs from Connelly's book.<br/><br/>In my opinion, Rubb may be one of Grisham's least likable main characters. But, through Rudd, I felt Grisham tried to highlight some real challenges, flaws, and inadequacies in the criminal justice system. For example, one plot line revolves around the militarization of the police and legislatures passing bad laws. Grisham conveys his perspectives well. Those perspectives, however, may turn some readers off.<br/><br/>All in all, this is a good novel that keeps the readers attention. We'll see if we hear from Mr. Rudd again.
I've been reading John Grisham for years and I had a rule of thumb about his novels. When he wrote about legal matters it was going be a great read… guaranteed! I pre-ordered Rogue Lawyer and anxiously waited for its arrival. When it finally reached my Kindle I read it at my first opportunity… and was very disappointed.<br/><br/>Sebastian Rudd is lawyer who offers his services to the dregs of society, people who other lawyers will not touch.<br/><br/>The story is written in short halting sentences within short chapters sometimes only 2 pages long, designed to keep the readers moving along. His clients all have miserable lives and he practices law within a society that has a corrupt and an unbelievably incompetent police force within a judicial system that also corrupt. The only person who is fair, competent and ethical is our hero. The bad guys have single syllable names where the good guys may have two. The story is divided into six parts or cases with a single thin thread trying to link the story together. There isn't a main story-line compelling enough to hold the book together. Rudd’s personal life is also miserable with a running battle with his ex-wife about custody issues with his son. The one bright spot in the book and his life is his interest in the mixed martial arts in which he sponsors a talented fighter, but this also ends miserably. The book ends abruptly without a satisfying conclusion.<br/><br/>I don’t recommend this book unless you enjoy reading about people with miserable lives. With the next Grisham novel, if there is one, I will certainly take a closer look at the reviews before reading it.
I liked this, but I don't think it's classic John Grisham. While the somewhat intertwined stories were good, I didn't enjoy the early ending of the first story. I prefer his more complex novels like Sycamore Row and A Time to Kill.
A great read...can not wait for the next adventures of the "rogue lawyer"...typical John Grisham  characters....all very believable...having spent my career in many courtrooms I saw a lot of people I recognised....
Let me say at the outset that I am a huge Grisham fan and have been for many years.  I eagerly await each new book and enjoy the new characters he comes up with.  However, Sebastian was much too one dimensional for me, and the cynical attitude of society and the legal profession was off-putting.  Sebastian didn't impress me as a champion of the underdog who wanted to change the legal system for the better; he just seemed more like an angry man with a grudge against the system.  I also found the law-office-in-the-van idea too similar to the Lincoln lawyer character.  And the relationship between the two ex-spouses was driven by total negativity.  Can't they cooperate even a little? Wouldn't the legal system and child protection services be a bit more pro-active on behalf of a child of these two sorry parents?  The shotgun approach to the plot made the book seem more like a group of unconnected anecdotes; there was little to tie together the cases Sebastian takes on.  The only appealing story line was the "main" story of the retired homeowner whose wife was murdered by the overzealous and over weaponized police invasion of the wrong home.  Given the militarization of local police forces following 9-11, the situation is all too possible.  I like the idea of a lawyer fighting for reforms in the system, but Sebastian just needs a little more work to become a good character.  And for heaven's sake--stop borrowing from the Lincoln lawyer character!  Let Sebastian be an original.
I felt that Grisham ended this story because he was tired of it.  Very little was resolved, but could have been with another 40 pages or so and still been under 400 pages.  This is my least favorite Grisham novel.
More like a collection of short stories. I understand that our legal system is flawed, but Grisham spends most of this novel on a soapbox. I really miss the well thought out, intriguing plots of his first novels.
I haven't read all of John Grisham books just the ones that impress me with their storyline. This one did because it tells the story of a man who believes in the purity of the law. Most people (myself included) feel lawyers are shysters who work for a profit and will work their words in a courtroom to achieve their end goal. This lawyer Sebastion Rudd in the book represents the defendants who most of time are guilty of their crimes. His role in their defense is to make the prosecutor prove the guilt without fabricating the evidence. One of the parties he represented was presumed guilty (a young homeless boy) because he looked the part. Through background checking of the evidence, Sebastion Rudd found the guilty party for the police and won dismissal of all charges for his client. The best case in this book was the one he went after, the man whose house was Swat attacked because the police felt it was better to use their toys rather than just coming to the door with a warrant for arrest and search.He wins a malpractice and harrassment suit by blackmailing the Major with the information that his chief of police had kidnapped Sebastion's son. In return for getting the lawsuit settled, he helps out in finding the kidnaped daughter of The chief by his contact with one of the kidnappers, unfortunately the police fail to capture this man so he is still out there. The book was a page turner moving rapidly from case to case making one almost as insomniac as the main character.
This book reads like a series of short stories, disjointed and contrived at best. It's hard to find any sympathy for the myriad of characters, especially the lead. No depth or real development. Disappointed.
This book is a mess.  Often interesting and mostly enjoyable to read but it’s still a mess.  It’s divided into six chapters that could, with a bit of tweaking, stand alone as short stories.  But there are threads of a novel that are loosely intertwined to tell a larger story.<br/> The title attorney is Sebastian Rudd who is divorced from his wife, Judith, also an attorney, and they share joint custody with their son, Starcher.  Rudd’s overriding legal goal is to obtain justice for his clients, most of whom are from the lowest echelons of society.  Rudd’s ethics are also quite elastic, able to bend any which way to achieve his objectives.  He’s not a likable guy but, by skillful digging and employing keen powers of human understanding, he manages to win most of his cases.  He’s also so involved in his legal work that he sometimes forgets to take his briefly allowed custody time to spend with his son, instances that cause Judith to take legal action to completely end all of Rudd’s visitation rights.  Haven’t we seen something like this before?  A dedicated and divorced doctor, lawyer or detective who is so wrapped up in cases or crimes that he neglects being a father to his children?<br/> Grisham leaves the ending open for further appearances by Rudd’s clients.  If he elects to write a sequel, I’ll probably take a pass on it.  I’d rather read more about Jake Brigance of Sycamore Row, or better yet, Samantha Kofer from Gray Mountain.
Rogue Lawyer is the 26th stand-alone novel by popular American author, John Grisham. Sebastian Rudd is a rogue lawyer. He defends criminals no-one else will touch; he is unpopular with criminals and with the police, so unpopular that his last office was fire-bombed; he is not above cheating, especially when he believes the other side is doing it; he says he fights bad systems and hates injustice.<br/><br/>After finishing parts one and two, the reader could be forgiven for thinking that the book is going to be a collection of anecdotes about cases Rudd has won or lost, but persistence proves that Grisham is giving his character a back-story, so that his behaviour later in the book seems consistent. Rudd does spend quite a bit of time justifying his actions, though, especially when it comes to his broken marriage, his obsession with cage fighting and his interactions with his seven-year-old son.<br/><br/>This is a legal thriller that touches on wrongful arrest, trial by media, death row, and death by SWAT team. There is a dramatic prison escape, a car bombing, more than one kidnap, several cage fights, sex trafficking, and a SWAT assault, all against a background of conflict with Rudd’s ex-wife over visitation rights. The size and nature of back-room court deals, if accurate, is quite an eye-opener. Not Grisham’s best, but still a good read.<br/>With thanks to TheReadingRoom and Hachette for this copy to read and review
I first discovered John Grisham in 1991 when I read The Firm. Since then I think I have read every book he has written. I have enjoyed most of them but lately it seems that his books have been a little "preachy" about what Grisham does not like about the judicial system and lawyers in general. While Grisham is certainly entitled to his opinion it bothers me enough to take me away from the story. Rouge Lawyer started this way.<br/><br/>Sebatian Rudd is a lawyer that defends a lot of criminals and cases that no one else would touch. The prosecution doesn't care about justice, only winning. This means that Rudd has to also do dirty things because the prosecution started it. I was not sure I was going to be able to finish the book but the fact is I have enjoyed so many of Grisham's books that I want to like each one as it comes out. I kept reading and the book got better. Most of Grisham's books are about one particular trial or one particular issue but this one is really more like a slice from Sebastian Rudd's life. It covers several big cases and shows how what is happening in one case can effect what happens (or how he deals with) other cases.<br/><br/>I got into this book and enjoyed it. I still wonder sometimes if Grisham even likes lawyers anymore. Although, I do not believe any man is perfect I think most, lawyers included, are trying to do the right thing most of the time.
I usually love John Grisham's books, but was not at all enamored of this one.  The writing is cliched and repetitive, and the characters are caricatures.  It seems as though someone else wrote it!
While the narrative flows, the story is just OK AND MISSING THE QUIRKS AND TWISTS OF HIS EARLY WORK.<br/>I don't think I'll buy the next one, though my collection has all he's published to date.
Sebastian Rudd takes cases no other attorney would consider taking, because he believes everybody should have representation in the court of law. (“He hates injustice, doesn’t like insurance companies, banks, or big corporations; he distrusts all levels of government and laughs at the justice system’s notions of ethical behavior.” ) The first three chapters of the book are about three different clients and the cases relating to them. The rest of the book is the story of the rogue lawyer’s messy personal life and his interpersonal relationships interwoven with the some of the characters from the previous chapters and a serial killer introduced later on in the book.<br/><br/>Although this book has some graphic violence, which I don’t care for, such as cage fighting and the description of a SWAT team’s raiding an elderly couple’s home, murdering one of them “accidentally”, it is not included in the book for the shock value or for selling books but for being  integral parts of the stories told. “Rogue Lawyer”is not as entertaining as some of the other John Grisham’s books I have read, but, then, I don’t think it is supposed to be since the attorney and the stories of his clients are used as instruments to point out the shortcoming of the justice system in a brilliant way while exposing human nature, good, bad, and the ugly, in a way only John Grisham can.
Loved the fast pace and twists and turns in this book. Rudd is an unabashedly 'bent' lawyer, but in spite of my self, I ended up not only liking, but rooting for him. I'm hoping for a sequel.
I was waffling between 3 stars and 4 stars but decided on 4 because the book held my interest.  It is not the author's usual writing.  It is a narrative account by the main character, a street lawyer who operates out of a specially fitted out SUV, as he wends his way through various cases, some of which are intertwined.  Nobody likes him.  He defends bad people, and sues the city and police when they are in the wrong.  The defendants sometimes don't like him because they get convicted in spite of his efforts.  Someone fire bombed his office when he had one.  He gets death threats.  He travels with a body guard.  He sometimes hides out in cheap motels.  It's a living he fell into when he graduated from law school and discovered that there were more lawyers than the market needed.  Grisham uses the character as a vehicle for his own attack on police excesses.  It is a contemporary novel considering various cases that have been in the news.<br/><br/>Sometimes the lawyer makes backroom deals.  He deals with reality and get the best results that he can for his clients.  He deals with an ex-wife who divorced him after she found a girlfriend, and an unplanned child whom he sees for a few hours a month, and on his birthdays and designated holidays.  He has investments in cage fighters.  He has trouble with all types of relationships.
Us layman would like to think that the legal system brings justice – a definitive right and wrong. This story forces us to accept that the legal system may be a game that tolerates cheating.
I love Grisham but this book is good but not one of his best.  I enjoyed the read but it wasn't great.  His characters are always good and the unexpected does happen but not his best.
I thought about the fifth star, but I finally relented.  Grisham is back.  I had sworn of reading any more Grisham because of the way he chose to end most of his later work.  It became too disappointing to read two hundred pages of the building of an expectation, for the plot to totally deflate at the end.<br/>With "The Rogue Lawyer", Grisham is doing something totally different.  He has built a franchise around Sebastian Rudd, to deliver more stories in the future.  It is indeed lighter reading than before, but this is not necessarily a bad thing.<br/>The one thing I found a bit odd is that when you read serialized novels which repeat the main character, (Lee Child's Reacher, John Sandford's Lucas Davenport, etc.) the author needs to repeat at some point some of the history and quirks of the main character, for the benefit of new readers.  In this book, Grisham does so several times within this same book; as if the book were a collection of short stories.  (For example, the A,B,C restaurants, the repeat of the firebombing of the office and the reason for his new mobile accomodation, is told more than once).<br/><br/>All in all, a fun, entertaining work by Grisham.  I am pretty certain that, unlike other works by him, we have not eead the last of Sebastian Rudd.
I have long been a fan of John Grisham having read nearly all of his books. Some resonated with me more than others. This one isn't one of his best efforts. It is okay. While it is well written, I have a couple of issues with the book. When Mr. Grisham first started writing, one of the things that I appreciated about his stories, was the absence of foul language. There were occasional words, but the material wasn't rifled with obscenities. Why is this important? To me, if one is a good story teller, one can paint a picture without actually using fowl language and I the reader will understand what is being conveyed. This book has more foul language than I care to read. The second issue for me, and this one is a big one, the fact that Sebastian's ex-wife couldn't just be an ex-wife, no, she had to be a lesbian. Seriously, why? How does this add to the story? It doesn't. In fact, it annoys me. It promotes a life style choice I don't agree with and it adds nothing to the story. She could have been just that, an ex-wife. I am not interested in her sexual orientation. I seriously doubt I will be interested in new releases from this author, if this is the style and bent his writing has taken. What a shame. He is a talented writer.
I liked the Sebastian Rudd character-- a street lawyer who works with those people deemed by most to be on the lowest social rung, who lives life on the fringes and is not afraid to bend some rules to favor his clients.  I was reminded of Michael Connelly's The Lincoln Lawyer-- both lawyers target clients that other lawyers would likely snub, and they primarily operate from an office on wheels rather than a desk in some stuffy office.  Grisham intertwined a few storylines that explored Rudd's personal and professional lives-- e.g., love life, child, cage fighting enthusiast, legal wranglings with cops and prosecutors.  All in all, I found this book to be "good," but as I read, I found myself thinking this book fell somewhat flat in comparison to earlier novels.  Where was the amazement, the mind-blowing and delicious twists and turns, and the feeling that I was experiencing the adventures along with the characters, which are typical with a Grisham novel?  Again, the book is good, but I have come to expect and experience a much bigger fireworks show from Grisham, so it is somewhat disappointing if a book does not put on such a show for me.  Despite this, I remain a Grisham fan and look forward to the next novel.
This Grisham novel is a bit slow, with no deep plot or real twists in the story.  It is not gripping.  My view is that the Kindle version is way overpriced for the content.
A little disappointed in this book.  It just seemed to plod along, no surprises, other than my being  surprised when seemed to abruptly end.  I expected something more.
Normally I love Johm Grisham books, but this one leaves alot to be desired. It started out good, but then goes to several other stories. I did not even finish it.
I have been a huge Grisham fan since the inception of his books. This, however, was not a typical Grisham work. The ending was poor. The characters did not come together in a logical fashion. The twists and turns so typical of a Grisham novel simply were not there. Grisham did not even attempt to follow the law the way it works in the "real world", but had the characters make arguments and the judge allow evidence that would never occur in any state in the United States. It left the reader wondering why they spent their time reading the book. I hope that this was not a reflection of what is to come. Grisham is clearly a talented, intelligent writer that knows how to grip the reader's attention and to tell a story in a way that leaves the reader desiring more. This, however, appeared to be written by a "ghost writer" and not  by John Grisham himself. Clearly, this was the poorest book that I have read coming from John Grisham. The ending left so many unanswered questions that I found myself wanting to write the last chapters myself. Truly disappointing and not a reflection of what John Grisham is capable of writing. I would give him a "D."
Did not enjoy the prose, the characters, or the plots. I could not relate to any one character or any circumstance.  Sleazy people and slipshod law practice.
Every so often even we jaded lawyers with some experience in the so called criminal justice system encounter both sad and tragic events that can cause any rational lawyers to ask what the system is all about.<br/>In this fascinating collation of short stories a master of that craft is explaining to the reader some very dark thoughts about just how corrupt , venal, rigged, unfair or downright criminal some notional police forces conduct them selves. John Grisham does a brilliant job of giving a laconic, vicious, brutal and tragic gambol among some persons accused of very serious crimes, and not all of them unusually are on the defence side. If there is any truth (and I doubt here is) in these quite fabulous narratives then US criminal trials have an strong element of solemn farce about them, and that is unlikely to be really accurate. But from 12,000 kms away it is a set of rollicking disjunctively linked series of tall tales that both fascinate and repel an interested reader in almost equal measure. I thoroughly recomend it to any reader with an  interest in a way out version of this well trodden genre.
Best book I have read this year.  Fast paced interesting characters.<br/>I look forward to follow up on Rogue Lawer, hope there is one.<br/>Gracie's mom
I've read every novel he has done.  The writing style and content are very different these last few books.  Would not recommend unless you found the book.
If you want the real rogue lawyer, go get John Connelly's Mikey Haller books. (Start with The Lincoln Lawyer.) This seems a cheap and obvious imitation.
While I have not read all of Grisham books I have read my fair share.I especially like his baseball books and I loved The Painted House.  There were some I did not like. But  I believe that Grisham grows in his writing with every story he tells and that he may sometimes try out different story lines and characters that do not always work. But isn't that what writers do? The Rogue Lawyer for me was a good read.I liked Sebastian Rudd and would like to see more of him. At first I thought it was just going to be short  stories of cases the Rogue Lawyer takes on. Then I wondered whether they would all merge. This is not an easy thing to do but I feel that Grisham did this very well in the Rogue Lawyer. It is a tightly written,fast paced novel. Not all of his novels are like this. I give this one 4 stars. While there may be some elaboration on the justice system(this I am not sure about) Grisham never fails to reveal the inner workings of that system. I remain a fan. Grisham always talks of his love for baseball. I have that some love so how can I not remain a Grisham fan!
Awesome drama, characters, and a plot that leaves you anxiously awaiting  the next  novel by John Grisham! This is a must read for all Grisham fans!
Not as good as all of his other books.  I've read them all, but this one was a little disappointing.  I, however, will never stop reading his books.
I like this book a lot. John writes about how the criminal system and media works. How they spin the truth. Which is the truth of today's society.
Sebastian Rudd is not your typical lawyer. He is divorced with a son who is sees once a month for 36 hours. He has a love/hate, mostly hate relationship with his ex-wife who is presently in a relationship with Ava. He has no office, it was fire-bombed, and an apartment with a pool table as his one piece of furniture. He owns part of a mixed-martial-arts cage fighter and is pretty much a loaner. "Partner" a man he defended and got off is his chauffeur, para-legal, overall gopher and his only friend. It is a hard life when you defend the people that nobody else will take on. The book follows a few cases that he is defending, most he wins and when he knows he won't, he does his best to get the best plea-bargain he can for his clients. He has sued and won substantial settlements as well. When one client, a mob-boss, does not win, he escapes from death row and then tries to get his money back from Rudd. At one point someone kidnaps his son and firebombs his van with Partner inside. It is quite a ride being a Rogue Lawyer.
Didn't love it. Didn't hate it. It was a very quick read that didn't feel finished to me. Not John Grisham's best work for sure.  Pretty bummed.
A different delivery from Grisham really works , and the character really connects!  Overall, a very entertaining and enthralling combination.
Rogue Lawyer is one of Mr. Grisham’s better legal thrillers.<br/>Even low life thieves, liars, murderers, rapists, miscreants and reprobates of all kinds and stripes need legal representation. Rogue lawyer Sebastian Rudd is their main man. Unfortunately for them he is honest, ethical, and believes in old fashion justice. This creates very serious problems for Rudd on many different levels because justice and the law mean different things to different people. Rogue Lawyer is Mr. Grisham’s attempt to examine the true intricacies of criminal law in today’s complex legal world of everyday crime. He does this by weaving together several scummy legal stories showing the seamier side of practicing law. This is not your daddy’s Perry Mason world of white collar crime. When you crawl into the pig sty you are going to get dirty—Rudd knows this but right or wrong this is his world.<br/>A good legal thriller. No gratuitous language, sex or violence. A reasonably good plot with interesting characters. W... Read more
I have always enjoyed Grisham's work, but am angry that for the second time I have been conned into buying a book written for the sole purpose of introducing a character designed to appear in sequals.  I doubt Connelly had a series of sequals foremost in his mind when he introduced the Lincoln Lawyer.  Jack Ryan was a great character that Clancy brought to life and that character earned the public's eagerness for a followup or 4 and more.<br/><br/>First Gray Mountain and now Rudd.  The main character in the first allowed Grihom to beat a pet cause to death and set up a sequal.  Rogue Lawyer dispensed with a compelling plot.  Neither book "ended"  They merely paused when the author felt he had written enough pages.<br/><br/>i object to being used by an author as a gineau pig to see if a character has legs.  I stopped reading the book when I realized that I diidn't give a hoot what happened to Rudd.<br/><br/>Fool me once, shame on Grisham  Fool me twice, shame on me
The protagonist of this legal thriller is a new type of hero for John Grisham.  He is an independent criminal lawyer who is also involved with the cage fighting world. His office is a modified van with leather upholstery, bar,  and big screen TV.  His ex-wife is also a lawyer who left him for another woman. There is a son being raised by the two moms. His driver, named Partner, is his only friend, paralegal, bodyguard, and hatchet man. He only takes the cases that no one else will take and is a marked man for cops and bad guys. It's a wild ride involving all kinds of mayhem and corruption. The good news is that they are not pressing charges.  It is a good read and Mr. Grisham is a real pro and a very good writer, so it is very well written and a real page turner. I enjoyed it and put it at the front of my reading list and could not put it down.. It is #1 on this weeks New York Times Book Review list of both print and e-book best sellers. It will be there for weeks.
Sebastian Rudd, rogue lawyer, is not the nicest guy you will ever meet, but he does have ‘something’ about him. He is flawed for sure, but he does seem to have some minor good points and does indeed serve a necessary purpose in the justice system. You may not like him, but you may want to call him if you are in BIG trouble!<br/><br/>The legal scenarios presented in this book are so off-the-wall and shocking that it makes the hair curl even as it provides good reading.<br/><br/>“The road to justice is filled with barriers and land mines, most of them created by men and women who claim to be seeking justice.” (Pg. 130)<br/><br/>I have to hope that what Grisham writes here is grossly exaggerated where it concerns law enforcement and the justice system.<br/><br/>“If the cops can’t convict with evidence, they use the media to convict with suspicion.” (Pg.186)<br/><br/>This is, after all, fiction, right? For entertainment purposes only I liked the book.
Book was a series of cases with a lot of whining about how crummy the lawyers life was. Read two books while forcing my self to finidh
Rogue Lawyer is the story of Sebastian Rudd, a street lawyer who defends individuals that others might not.  Written like a compilation of unrelated short stories, this book details several cases in which Sebastian was a major participant.  I could not help but make a comparison to a literary figure made popular by author Michael Connelly, that being Mickey Haller, the Lincoln lawyer.  To be honest, Sebastian Rudd is a more corrupt and darker version of that character and definitely not a person I would like to cross in a dark alley.  The stories were interesting, but I really missed John Grisham's usual format of legal thriller.  Because of the way that this book was laid out, Sebastian Rudd was not as well developed as you would usually expect from the author.  Although it was not as good as one would expect from such an accomplished author, Rogue Lawyer was a good read and one I would recommend to readers who enjoy books that explore legal issues.
This is not your typical Grisham novel, and the first one I've ever given a low rating. I felt it was missing a central plot. The book moved from one convict to another, with Rudd, the main character, trying to free each one from evils of their own doing. Rudd did not have enough of a personal life and I think that hurt his character. Also, the audience did not follow one main character with Rudd through the court system. Rather we saw snippets of trials with Rudd being the central lawyer with several defendants. I guess such is the life of a lawyer who defends the undesirable. Those who do not deserve decent counsel. I was a little disappointed in Grisham's novel He has had me on the edge of my seat with so many others; I expected more from this one. However, it was an easy read that kept my interest, even though it did not have the "edge of our seat mystery" with it. All in all, not Grisham's finest hour. I'll wait for the next one...
I used to be a Grisham fan.  I quit reading his books after Rainmaker.  They had become a little too predictable.  When I read an excerpt from Rogue Lawyer, I thought it sounded like the Grisham who wrote Pelican Brief and The Firm. WRONG.<br/><br/>The book reads like a book of short stories. In each story, Sebastian Rudd (the Rogue Lawyer) is the defense lawyer.  In an attempt to make this into a novel, Grisham ties most of the stories together in a very improbable ending.<br/><br/>The book does have relevance in light of all the recent stories in the news about law enforcement corruption.  But the writing is not worthy of Grisham. An entire storyline concerning Rudd's battle with his exwife over custody of their son is not resolved or even revisited after Grisham uses it to try to tie his other storylines together.<br/><br/>Very disappointing.  Guess I'll wait another 10 years (at least) before buying another Grisham book.
Not one of his greatest. The story seems like a loosely connected group of short stories. Nobody in the novel seems very admirable.
This book was too much like The Lincoln Lawyer.  This whole idea has been done and done better.  Very disappointed in John Grisham.
John Grisham’s latest book “Rogue Lawyer” is the man’s answer to a chick flick or romance novel.  It’s chock full of cage fights, an out of control fighter, and an bitter ex wife turned lesbian.<br/>In true Grisham style his writing is fast paced, suspenseful, as one rogue lawyer has to battle both sides of the law- the corrupt cops,  and the dangerous criminal clients he defends.  It is replete with kidnappings, sex trafficking, a fire bomb, all while Grisham’s hero, Sebastian Rudd is fighting his ex in a constant custody battle.<br/><br/>Grisham won’t win any points with his women readers as Rudd makes some demeaning comments about women throughout the novel- we get the impression he doesn’t like or trust them.<br/><br/>The plot is thick and interesting, although somewhat predictable as Grisham fans know his heroes well- they fight the whole system no matter what to protect the little man from big gov or big corps.
Book starts slow, then picks up the pace.  I hated the ending.  Not up to the authors usual standard. It needed one more chapter.
Let me say that I like Grisham's storytelling style usually. (I mean, his endings have never been his strong suit, but hey right up until that moment, he takes a high speed chase through his stories and you're just enjoying the ride.) What I noticed rather quickly with this book was that it was really just a bunch of short stories about one attorney, Sebastian Rudd. His character amused me for the most part, and I didn't think he was nearly as misogynistic as some thought, but I did think he wasn't really fleshed out as a character. None of the characters were. And, the referring back to other chapters as if we hadn't just read them a short time ago were jarring. (Yes, we know Naomi was involved in your ex-wife's custody hearing. We just read about it a couple of chapters ago.) This collection could have been further edited to make it seem more like one novel, but it wasn't, and I'm not really sure why. It confused me.
A cynical look at lawyers, police and criminal system.  Definitely a wry look at what lawyers representing criminals go thru.g
I really expected a little more from John Grisham. It seems like his heart isn't in it anymore and he just goes through the motions. There is a red thread going through the book, but it really is nothing important to the overall story. It is just to keep the seemingly unconnected stories of the Rogue Lawyer somewhat connected. To be honest, I am not even really sure what the overall story is. It is more like a compilation of several stories that are only relevant to each other as they have the same core person in them. This book is also very hostile towards police forces, which in this current climate seemed a little unnecessary and unfortunate in my opinion. I have read all John Grisham novels, and while certainly entertaining, this one can't keep up with some of his earlier novels and certainly doesn't seem to be worth the money for the hardcover. For the next one I might wait for the paperback.
This book read more like a James Patterson book than one written by John Grisham. The chapters are very short and the font is big, which tricks you into thinking that you're getting more than your really paying for. That's fine for a James Patterson book, but I expect more from a book written by John Grisham.<br/><br/>The style of the book made you feel like this could be a collection of short stories, especially after the first chapter. Once there is a feel of continuity, the book abruptly ends. It took a while before I really got hooked into this book.<br/><br/>I give John credit for stepping out of his comfort zone and entering a world that he has never really explored in previous novels (i.e. cage fighting), especially at this stage in his career. However, there is so much more he could have done with this character. I couldn't help but feel short changed when I finished reading this book.
I think I have read every book Grisham has written (maybe not all of the Theodore Boones).  His books are well-written and enjoyable, and best of all, the Good Guy Lawyer almost always triumphs over the lowlifes.  In recent years his books have taken on pertinent and controversial issues in law:  the death penalty, the evil tobacco companies, the vile drug companies vs the dying cancer patient, the oppression of coal miners dying in Appalachia because of uncaring coal companies.  This time Grisham takes on, among other topics, the corruption of police who go overboard, using military tactics and antiterror equipment unnecessarily, trampling on the rights of ordinary citizens -- and then conspire to deny any wrongdoing and indeed to trump up false accusations.  It is a refreshing read that will resonate with our witnessing police overreaction in the news over the last several years.
John Grisham over the years has been a consistent writer in the legal thriller field. Year after year i expect a John Grisham book in October and this year he did not disappoint. This book goes into great character detail about as the title puts it a "Rogue Lawyer" who has a case in the middle of nowhere trying his same old tricks. I have to be honest I didn't mind it as much as many others did, it moved at a fast pace and really kept my interest. I do agree with many other reviewers in the sense that it was a fairly typical procedural type book, but in all honestly many books are like that and I still enjoy the character development and writing style each author brings to the table. This differs from grey mountain in the sense that it was different from Grisham's typical style but overall I think if you are a fan of the genre you will enjoy this from start to finish.
This can't be good - I kept forgetting the 'Rogue Lawyer's" name - the character development was not up to the style of some of Grisham's better efforts. The story continuity kept me wondering about where I was in the overall story --- it was similar to writing a group of short stories -- and then tying them together, sort of ... I read it over a period of less than two weeks, yet  found myself having to go back and catch up with where the last chapter left off and the next chapter started. Never really felt 'pulled together' ... interesting series of stories ... the conflict with the ex-wife, lawyer, never really matured into a real sub-plot. The son, played an interesting part of a subplot and a major plot-line, yet even he was just a bit 'plastic' filler. I generally like Grisham's story line and focus ... here I was not getting it. Maybe this was my fault.
I have read all of John Grisham's books, and this one ranks as one of his best. It is full of authentic characters, stories that read like today's headlines and real emotion. I have to say that I actually teared up at one point during this novel.<br/>Some of the viewpoints of the protagonist are not politically correct - he has a dim, archaic view of gay parenting, and he has a fat-shaming mentality, but people like that exist in real life, so it felt authentic, even if I didn't like it.<br/>Mr. Grisham writes with authority about the monumental problems facing the legal system and society today. He tackles head-on (via his characters) the Army mentality of many police departments, and the unjustifiable use of force by them.<br/>For the first time in quite a while, I was not able to put this book away until I was finished. It was well paced and suspenseful.
This Grisham novel has more than one good story line in it.  Grisham manages them all with his usual skill and artistry.
Grisham is at his best when he's writing legal thrillers. Can't wait for the next one. In the meantime I'll go back and read some again.<br/>This story is told in first person and in a multi-case saga, not the usual style. At first I wasn't sure I'd like it but soon came to appreciate what goes on in the mind of an attorney whose lot it is to defend those who are obviously guilty or who are clearly set up to appear so by law enforcement wanting to be done with a case or by prosecution hungry for another conviction notch in the belt.<br/>Grishham masterfully describes a justice system that isn't truly just, yet manages to produce some just verdicts and/or results.<br/>Grisham weaves in Sebastian Rudd's personal struggles and loneliness as he goes from case to case. We wonder with Rudd at the close of his story what might be next for him.
This is one of the best of the recent Grisham books and introduces us to a new and strikingly different character in Sebastian Rudd. The critiques concerning Rudd being similar to Connelly's Mickey Haller are at first blush superficially on point but Grisham's character development reveals significant differences ultimately rendering an interesting multi faceted protagonist. This is no more a "rip-off" of the Lincoln Lawyer than Baldacci's Robie or Puller are of Child's Reacher. Enjoy a fast paced and interesting read and do not worry about the bleeding liberal overtones as this is far better book than "Gray Mountain". Mind you, it is not as good as "A Time to Kill" or "The Firm" but Grisham has regained a little of his MoJo. I am looking forward to seeing further development of this character in the future.
When I read first few chapters, it was really boring and felt like sleeping. Boy, I was wrong in not putting it down. Few chapters later and from Part 2 onwards it is gripping. I cannot put it down. I have to take breaks frequently to catch up. I still remember reading The Firm in 1993-94 timeframe when Grisham was just coming up. The Time to Kill, Pelican Brief and so on. Last year I devoured Gray Mountain in few days and now this. The Lawyer in my opinion is not really Rogue and gave me a wrong impression. In fact he is a good hearted one. May be Lawyers are by nature Rouge, and Rouge Lawyer means (Rouge (Rouge Lawyer)) = Good Lawyer. Anyway the stories of cage fight, Partner, Sex Trafficking are  pivoting. Police Brutality, oh yes, we know in 2015. Overall I am through 3/4th of the book and waiting for the ending. Absolutely gripping.
You'll learn a bit more about cage fighting than a reader of legal thrillers generally needs to know, but once past the early chapters of the book, you'll hear about two bonus cases in addition to the present one. Grisham has developed a new lawyer in Sebastian Rudd and an intricate plot. It's inevitable to compare Rudd with Michael Connolly's Mickey Haller, because both of them are mobile attorneys, though Rudd's rolling office is more spacious than Haller's. Rudd has a couch, chairs and a table while Haller manages with only the back seat of his Lincoln. Intellectually and sociologically,  Rudd & Haller are equals.<br/>More substantial than some other Grisham books, this one doesn't seem like a movie script, and is a complex, detailed and  sophisticated  novel, bound to be enjoyed by fans of this sub-genre of procedurals.<br/>.
I have ready many John Gresham novels... almost all of them.  They all interest me, peak my interest, and keep me turning and burning up the pages as I read chapter after chapter anxious to see what happens next!  This book had many different plot lines in the form of court cases going on at one time, but they all come around at the end to wrap up the exciting plot line(s). I must say that this book moved pretty slow (too slow at times for my liking) but I enjoyed it overall.  Read it and I believe you will too.
A totally different lead character for Grisham. Grizzled, justifiably jaded, a lousy father divorced from a classic bitch (she is fairly one-dimensional and Grisham gives her zero humanity/plus points) and one who will essentially defend anyone who can pay him. Of course he hates  the death penalty (no argument there), and of course he hates the system  that no longer practices "innocent until proven guilty" (right again). Here is the problem. The story starts to lag about 2/3 of the way through. Then picks up later. The attorney is threatened multiple times and, of course, escapes when realistically he should and would be killed. These guys wouldn't miss...Anyway, the saving grace is that it is Grisham and he is a great writer and overall, I am glad I gave it the four or so hours required. The book is not a thief of time.
This was a different style of writing for Grisham.  I liked it, but it was really different, and a bit disjointed at times.  I would do without all the exclamation points - what's up with that - seems grammatically unnecessary and a bit juvenile, but easily overlooked.  The main character, Sebastian Rudd, seems to be set up for sequels, and I would read more stories with him as lead.  As others have mentioned, there are many similarities to "The Lincoln Lawyer," and that was only a minor distraction to me but still a little irritating.  The vignette style of storytelling was also different, but not bad.  Thank you, Mr. Grisham, for changing it up a bit. All in all, this was good storytelling, and I will most likely read anything you write - not because of this singular work, but your body of work.
Great book, would make a great TV series. John Grisham has stayed true to keeping you reading. Open to a sequel.
This was the worst book if read in a while.  The plot or story line is not believable. He is no Lincoln Lawyer.
First - I love Gresham's books - and I loved this one as well. Reading Gresham is like returning home and seeing old friends and familiar places. Don't let that fool you - this book is an original - Rogue Lawyer has interesting characters, the pace keeps the story lively, and yet the story is fresh, new and interesting.<br/><br/>Sebastian Rudd, an attorney, is the central character and could be a cousin of Mickey Haller from Michael Connelly's - Lincoln Lawyer books.<br/>The different cases keep the book moving - the characters are well developed and interesting - I really wanted the book to go on! The good news is - Rudd appears to have rich sequel potential - by that I don't think we have seen the last of Sebastian Rudd  - which is great news.<br/><br/>If you like Gresham - buy this book!
I'm really disappointed in John Grisham's newest novel which rides on the coattails of today's police corruption and brutality headlines.  The rogue attorney hero of Grisham's latest novel tells tales out of court about the wheeling and dealing of the police, the attorneys, and sometimes the judges. Grisham's overdrawn hero is  a superman defending the defenseless public against the machinations of the evil judicial system in the U.S.  The only part of his life that sounds true are his dealings with his former wife, also an attorney.  Even here, Grisham sounds like a whining discontent. I don't want to be a spoiler, but I had to quit reading this book when a unbelievable kidnapping took place.  If Grisham is telling it accurately, we have more to worry about here in the U.S.  than Sharia law.
I miss the old John Grisham from The Client, The Firm, The Chamber when he would tell epic stories that had depth.  Seems like his books today are nothing more than anecdotes.  With each new book he releases relating to law, I hope to see him go back to his roots but Rogue Lawyer just doesn't quite do it for me.  Don't get me wrong, it was still a page turner and I finished it in one day but the story lacked story instead just a compilation of short stories that eventually wove together into nothing more than predictable.  By all means, if you're a fan of Grisham and want an easy read, buy this book, but don't expect too much are you will be thoroughly disappointed.  Grisham, will we ever see what made you great or are you just writing now to fulfill a contract to your publisher?
This is a disappointing addition to John Grisham's legal narratives.  The main character was not likeable, despite attempts to portray him as champion defence attorney of the underdog.  The story was a disjointed cross-section of this defence attorney's cases, some of which were interesting, but the overall "story" did not hang together well.  The attempts to present the main character as a flawed character, with a temper, some failed relationships and an interest in some gritty quasi legal "sports" i.e. "cage" ultimate fighting, did not end up making the reader more sympathetic.  Overall, not the tight, entertaining and informative stories expected by this author.  It felt more like a book that was finished and published to fulfill a deadline.
Who am I to review John Grisham? He is one of my most beloved authors. However, after much anticipation, I was disappointed in "Rogue Lawyer". The main character, the rogue, was a little too roguish for me.  I didn't trust him. I wasn't sure of his moral character.  I didn't care so much about him.  I am so sorry to say anything less than "Yea!" "Wonderful!" "Write On!".  The style jumped back and forth between several stories, always coming back to that rogue.  I'm used to a more traditional approach from this author.  He is the creator. He can tell his story any way he wants. And as an author myself, I support that right wholeheartedly.  But I was a little under-impressed on this one.  YET I'll buy the next one anyway. A loyal fan.
Grisham is a great storyteller with a social conscience and these two traits make a great writer with great stories.  I really get lost in his books and there are few writers that are so consistently great.  He never puts out a dud just to put out a book and for this reason I greatly admire him.  This is one of my favorite books of his because it is narrated in the first person and he fights for what is right and what is just and this is so important to me.  He also injects laugh out loud humor into otherwise serious issues which makes him extraordinary.  I love Grisham, he is a phenomenal writer,  This is a great work that tells stories that need to be told because they are based on serious flaws in the American justice system and American values in general.
I've always liked reading Grisham's books, they are a fast read and usually have surprises and turns and a good story line that keep me turning the pages.  That being said, this book was less than his usually well written books tend to be.  It's more like reading a flowing array of short stories that are too predictable following a narcissistic main character, Sebastian Rudd, who's character lacked development and the best part about him is his name.  The ending was so abrupt and unexpected that it's as though he just quit writing all of a sudden.  After his last book, Grey Mountain, that was equally disappointing all I can do is wish that Grisham could get it back together again and write a good story like he used to and please develop the characters!
As always, John Grisham tells a great story. Mr. Gresham was an attorney, perhaps that is why his fictionalized tales of our judicial system seem so authentic.  Or, it could be that his stories are more non-fiction than the public wants to believe . I am not an attorney, a criminal or in anyway employed by the government's judicial system . Until four months ago I would have enjoyed this book as an exciting story. Four months ago I was dragged into the corrupt  "legal" entity of Douglas County, Nevada based on an unsubstantiated un-investigated and ultimately malicious anonymous phone call. John Grisham's novels are not fiction. Maybe now I need to re-read his other 'fiction' to find out what really occurs under the blind eyes of American 'justice'.
Sebastian Rudd is a defense attorney who fights tirelessly and brilliantly for his poor, outcast clients.  A "man's man" who is an active fight fan and investor in fighters, he's not above bringing his 7 year old son to a cage match and cheering on the boy's fight escapades at school.  The boy's mother (not married to Rudd) is gay and married to a woman.  A tough, naughty, fighter, Rudd is an interesting character, but the plot and pace are not in keeping with some of Grisham's better books.  Some of the  chapters dragged and were uninteresting.  The court system is often unjust and cops are sometimes corrupt -- not exactly a news flash -- and Rudd stands as a counter-culture champion in the same stripe as Bogart characters.  Very dark.
Between my two kindles and a couple of hard cover books I have all of John Grisham's books. If I had Rogue Lawyer as a hard cover book instead of on my kindle ,I would drop it into an outdoor book collection box. I will however delete it from my kindle. I have always enjoyed Mr. Grisham's books  and even though I knew the outcome I have read quite a few over again.<br/>I hope that his next book makes me not want to put it down until I finish it like so many of his others. I definitely did not like Rogue Lawyer It jumped around to much and some of the happenings were certainly far fetched.For a father who wanted to be in his sons life more, the ending was terrible. my opinion of course, others my like it.but i hated it.<br/>R. Schneider
There is a group of regulars at my Happy Hour haunt.  They constitute a special brand of lawyer--assigned counsel criminal defenders.  They take cases nobody touches (e.g., a tragic double cop shooting, a beheading.)  Cases that rarely pay well.  But say what you like . . . NOBODY has more trial experience!  If you call one and the receptionist says “Sorry.  He’s in court.” . . . she’s telling the truth!<br/><br/>I am a “white gloves” corporate lawyer.  I’ve never worked in a courtroom.  These chaps are there every day.  They are true lawyers of lore and stereotype.  Grisham captures their vibe to a T.  His vignette/short story style facilitates this, radically shifting scenery, characters and plot to flesh out the specialty.
It seems that the more an author writes the less effort he puts into it. Not much put into this book.
I enjoyed the book but with caveats. It sure seemed as though the author had an agenda against the police. If you're the type of person who thinks most all of the police and authorities are crooked then you'll probably like this book. On the other hand, if you're the type of person who thinks almost all police and authority figure are not crooks then you probably will not like this book. I'm assuming the author is just following a storyline here although he could be speaking from experience. However, I do feel like he went overboard on denigrating the police. Other than that, I liked the main character, Sebastian Rudd, and even had some sympathy for some, but certainly not all, of his clients. A quick, easy read.
ROGUE LAWYER  by John Grisham<br/>Grisham proves once again that he is not a formula writer – or at least his formula keeps changing – and always for the better!  ROGUE LAWYER begins as a collection of apparently disparate short stories centered on a lawyer that is the epitome of NOTHING like a corporate lawyer.  By the third “story” you begin to see the possible connections that will quickly become the plot of this tale.  Along the way you meet a cast of real characters from the innocent wronged citizen to the “out of the ghetto” up and comer to the most vicious bad guys. This is a page turner that will keep you up at night and just might change your opinion of both lawyers and cage fighters.<br/>5 of 5 stars
The book tells a story about Sebastian Rudd who is Criminal lawyer and he takes cases that no other lawyer would, that is main focus of the book, said that, the main character is well developed and stories are very captive, but there were one small thing that is the reason that I am giving this book four stars: the Ending, it lacks closure it doesn't feel like an ending, he get the verdict for his last case but the book does live some loose ends... Or now that I am writing this review and thinking about the book maybe it was my desire that the book had had more stories, anyway the books is a worth reading, mainly  for the stories and also for the critics that he makes against the judiciary system.<br/>Enjoy.
The old John Grisham is back!  After the disastrously unfulling  and dull Gray Mountain, I almost decided to 'cease and desist' on future Grisham works.  Glad I took the chance on this one.  The plot had more than "some twists," but less than "full of surprises," and several of the twists were totally implausible (death row episode, the abduction).  Even so, I enjoyed the twists and the ramifications of those twists.  Generally, I found the pacing enjoyable -- not cliff-hanger pacing, but generally very satisfying (the court episodes involving the cage boxer dragged a bit).  I still have not found anyone who does legal thrillers as well as Grishman does, when he puts his mind to the task.
A collection of unrelated plots that seem to be written by an amateur. John Grisham in name only!
I have some mixed opinions about the book, but the writing is very good and I found it to be a real page-turner.<br/><br/>This is the first Grisham book I have read and when I first started I thought perhaps it was a compilation of shorter stories -- then he started to tie the various stories together. Very well done.<br/><br/>My reservations have to do with a continual and pretty heavy-handed onslaught of outrage at police corruption. Not that I am in compete disagreement with him and particularly some of the egregious examples in the book seem spot-on -- I just wish he could have done it a bit more deftly.<br/><br/>Then again, perhaps the extreme moral outrage is necessary in these cases.
No typical Grisham mystery. Just a series of cases bythe Rogue Lawyer. I prefer the mysteries.
Being the first time I have ever bothered to write a review on any book. This book is indeed a very interesting read.<br/><br/>The protagonist reminds me of the crooked lawyer from Break Bad, but with more sense of justice and tenacity! I certainly wouldn't call him a good guy, he has his fair share of selfishness and questionable conducts, but at the same time, he also possesses a sense of right and wrong.<br/><br/>The book basically is a compilation of several cases lumped together at the end. The pace is okay (I couldn't really wait to pickup where I left off the previous nights).<br/><br/>It ends rather abruptly, but "just enough". No cliff hanger or anything like that.
Really enjoyed ready Rogue Lawyer. This book made me see a part of the law than I knew was there, but would not allow myself to think about.<br/>This book is written as fiction however, it seems very realistic in nature due to the fact that everyone gets a lawyer and the chance of a trial.<br/>This books covers multiple clients of the Rogue Lawyer and most of them are guilty. In these United States, that does not matter because of our Constitution. I liked the way Grisham built the judge characters also. The judges are often the unknown piece of the law as you never know what you will get. Much like the client being guilty or not guilty, the judges have issues too. Great read.
Grisham is back! "Rogue Lawyer" ranks right up there at the top with Grisham's best works. Intriguing stories, twists and turns with every page, story telling at its finest. The use of a connected group of short stories is a masterful stroke, satisfying as individual stories and yet contiguous as a book. I highly recommend this book to all Grisham enthusiasts and to those (if there are any) who have not discovered his work. I was quite disappointed in his last two books which were bordering on social statements. I was initially reluctant to buy "Rogue Lawyer." I'm glad I did. My faith in John Grisham has been restored.<br/>Bill Blowers, www.billblowers.com
I borrowed the audio version on my kindle fire from the Library and listened to the first 2 and into the third story and returned it to the library.  The book is made up of a number of individual stories and not really a novel.  There is a lot of hate shown against the police, judges, prosecutors, the prison system and everyone in authority.  We all know how much Grisham is against the death penalty and it really shows in the second story.  He makes out how much of a party atmosphere there is in the prison on the day of execution, very slanted.  Way too much of his liberal political beliefs in this book.  I finally could not take it anymore and returned the audio book.
This is why he gets the big bucks! A Grisham novel arrives, put aside the other things you are reading and dive in. The man is a powerful story teller and holds your interest, challenges your imagination and keeps things moving. I enjoyed this more than his last book, "Gray Mountain" since is seemed more fully resolved. The main character is interesting, a defense attorney whose attitude is "They cheat, I cheat. They play it straight, I play it straight. " Naturally, operating in such a fashion requires a bit of interesting creativity! Interesting plots and storyline. Characters tend toward caricature and dialogue a bit on the thin side, but a fun read.
so disappointed in this Lincoln Lawyer wanna be, rip off. the main character never developed into someone you could really care about. he is a jerk from start to finish. the book's general depiction of women is deplorable. i don't often read Grisham and was surprised by the lack of quality and originality.  he even references Connelly, which he should since it really does rip off the lawyer working out of his car concept.  the flow of the book is a series of short stories badly stitched together, and doesn't really work. i was surprised that this was not a co-authored book with another author as the main writer.  better read is new Connelly book with Mikey and Harry.
I love Grisham's new character, Sebastian Rudd, and sincerely hope he's back in another book. He's a colorful, outrageous street lawyer who will take on any case, guilty or innocent, and use anything to win. I find Sebastian to be a breath of fresh air.  Rudd is real in that he's a flawed man who is able to recognize this about himself and Grisham uses the  lawyer to tackle the power abuses of local government, especially the police force.  Between the hellish relationship with his ex-wife, the low lives, and good people he represents he fights to win and he fights for justice. I couldn't put this Grisham book down as it was an easy entertaining, page turner novel.
Only thing I don't like about this book is Grisham doesn't do sequels (aside from the recent Time to Kill sequel that took over 20 years) and its more likely than not we'll never see Rudd again. I would love a series featuring Rudd, he's such a great protagonist. Hopefully Grisham turns him into his version of Mickey Haller. This isn't really a short story collection, as some people have said. Rudd is a defense lawyer, he finishes a case then it moves on to the next, its actually refreshing to see how a defense lawyer handles different cases than one that takes an entire book to finish, not saying books like that are bad, its just a refreshing change of pace.
I just think Grisham is slipping a bit. I really do.  I have read most of his books and could hardly wait for the next one to come out. I have read the last two and have pretty much been nonplussed by his efforts and the tale that has been spun.  I don't know....maybe it's me but I somehow think that he may be losing his touch a bit.  Maybe pressing too hard or something to come up with another blockbuster.  I probably will start looking for some others and stop buying Grisham.... I think old Newt Gingrich and his co-writing pal are spinning some pretty good tales as a writing team.  I have been reading their work lately and really like how they tell a story.
At first, I wondered if this was going to be a series of short stories. Only later did it appear that they'd be tied together with the attorney, Rudd, as the central (narrating) character. I was surprised to find a bit saltier language and content as compared with earlier Grisham books...not R, but at least PG-13. The book didn't so much end with a satisfying climax (let's face it--that's what I wanted) as grind to an abrupt halt. As authors, we realize we can't answer every question the reader might have, but this was sort of a "to be continued" situation.<br/>All in all, it was probably worth the money, but it was by no means his best novel. Sorry.
Through the device of a lawyer who defends the worst criminals, John Grisham reveals the excesses  and corruption of certain elements of the police and higher ups  in which brutality replaces common sense and honest law enforcement, Swat teams commit murder in the course of a suspicious but routine investigation, fueled by media and public indifference, This.  Is a facinating morality tale, told with Grisham's usual crisp and energetic style, some readers may be offended by the assertion that those we trust to protect us sometimes betray that trust in their predilection to unbridled violence, But to me the argument has the ring of a truth worth recognizing. Research by the Cato Institute documents the exact events used by Grisham.
I read all of Grisham's legal thrillers and absolutely love his style. I'm pre-ordering his novels as soon as I hear they will be coming out, and I'm always looking forward to read them. That being said, I was a little disappointed by Rouge Lawyer. This novel feels like a collection of short separate stories, at least for the first half. There's not much connecting the different legal stories, other than the "rouge" lawyer, obviously, and his "entourage": his driver/paralegal/body guard; his son; and ex-wife, Judith. By the time I finished the book, I felt there were many loose ends and kept wondering what happened with various characters.
Grisham, of course, creates characters and situations that take the reader into a world readers may not know and may not want to know.  For me, this is one of those books. The rogue lawyer knows his territory. He knows how people think, plot, dream.  He does his research well and knows his juries.  He is a master in the courtroom, almost always.  Most of his clients listen to his advice but now and then a client thinks he knows more than his lawyer or may think the lawyer can work magic in spite of the client's attempt to take over the case.<br/>I read every word even though I wanted to knock a few heads together, including the rogue lawyer's.
I wished this book would continue for another 300 pages. Grisham tells this story in a fast moving, first person narrative.  The reader gets to absorb the characters and with their warts and brilliance as you travel through multiple stories and plots.  In the end, you will feel as though you know how the Rouge lawyer thinks as he represents the sludge of the earth clients, some of whom are innocent.  The reader will better understand the interpersonal relationships between cops, victims, opposing attorneys and judges.<br/>This book is a very fast read, great to the last page.  I wish Grisham would publish more than one classic book per year.
I usually love Mr. Grisham's work.  For me, this one was just OK.  It forced me to face 2 disturbing realities: Cage fighting and Sex Trade.  The latter is so horrific to young ladies and their families, I wished for more insight from the author.  I get that there are "rogue" lawyers out there and how they work was interesting...  Maybe if the case for his client's decision was better developed - believable -  it might have added more struggle/suspense...  Something was missing.  There was just insurmountable reasons to side with the lawyer.  Nevertheless, as always, I came out a little wiser and do not regret reading the book.
Rogue Lawyer may not be John Grisham's magnum opus. In fact, I'd wager even he would agree. But, for me, it still rates 5 stars. It's not only interesting and easy to follow, -I almost said breezy- but it is educational. Here we have one of America's most popular novelists painting a rather horrifying picture of the criminal justice system. Our criminal justice system. Readers should be up in arms, storming the authorities with demands for improvements. But no, this is a novel, meant to be fun reading. So we don't take it so seriously. But I can't find anything Grisham says in this portrayal to be far from the truth, and that's scary.
First I would liked to point out that I have purchased every Grisham novel (First Editions & then later Digital) since Time to Kill, needless to say I am a big fan! I always have certain expectation my favorite author but was disappointed with Rogue Lawyer in the change in writing style, the characters & storyline. I agree with one reviewer that seemed a lot like Lincoln Lawyer from Michael Connelly which I am also a fan but for not as long as of John Grisham Novels. I'm afraid that I will probably have to wait another year for the next novel but I will be first in line or on line in this digital age. My expectations are high!
I thoroughly enjoy Grisham's work. My favorite of his recent work is Ford County.  I do not think this work is on a par with those stories, it is still worth your time.  He does an excellent job of portraying how difficult and frustrating it is as a lawyer to deal with a client who does not or cannot accept your advice.  While this to me is not his best, it is an interesting story, with some twists that I did not see coming.  I do believe this is one of his darkest pieces to date.  I did not like the way it ended. However, the ending will allow him to pick up where this story ends and maybe that is a good thing.
I really enjoyed the Rogue Lawyer.  Grisham creates a new character who reminds me of the Lincoln Lawyer in John Connelly books.  The Rogue Lawyer operates out of van driven by a bodyguard.  The book seemed to be a series of short stories until later on in the book, you see the link between the various stories.  This is the kind of easy interesting read you should take with you on vacation or a long plane trip.  Not all of it is believable but who cares.  It is entertaining.  I have read nearly all the Grisham books.  This one is different.  I hope he writes another with this character.  It makes for a fun read.
This was a great read! It had the same "can't put it down" feel as many of the early Grisham novels. As someone who has spent 25+ years as a Public Defender,  I found the point of view particularly refreshing.  Most crime/legal novels are told from the perspective of the police or prosecution (or if the protagonist is a defense attorney the client is always wrongly accused and the defense consists of finding the "real killer")<br/>Sebastian Rudd's clients are often guilty and rarely likable. Grisham manages to touch on some real and serious issues in the criminal justice system in an extremely entertaining way.
I thought this was pretty good! I like the new lawyer guy--Sebastian Rudd--that Grisham has created. Some people didn't like the fact of him skipping around multiple cases, but that is true-to-life. That's how the game is played for young defense attorneys like Rudd. I actually wished the book was longer; and I hope Grisham brings him back in new and exciting cases, like Michael Connelly does with his character, Mickey Haller.<br/>  You know what would be great? If Grisham could somehow combine the characters, Sebastian Rudd and Jake Brigance, in a super-duper legal thriller. How awesome would THAT be???
I'm giving this 4 stars even though I hated the ending. Of course I'm sure the ending is suppose to make me want to read the next book about this character but in truth it makes me feel just the opposite.  I don't mind a author keeping the same main character but I want all (or at least most) of the story's in the book to end and other then the main character and his family  continue with all new story lines in the next book. We didn't get to hear if the baby was located, we still have two bad guys on the run, and worst of all we didn't get to hear the judge yell at Judith and give more visitation to him.
Sadly this is by far NOT the best from John Grisham.  I say that and REALLY and truly don't want Mr. Grisham to stop writing, but I think this one was just to satisfy a quota.  The story felt rushed at times and others it just dragged with no real point?<br/>I found myself not really wanting to finish this story and I haven't found the need to finish it either.  I think I'll pull out my good ole' "The Partner" by John Grisham to relive some of his BEST work.  Sorry Mr. Grisham, but don't worry, I'll buy the next one because it will for SURE be a lot better than this one.  Take some time and rest.
I have read Grisham's books since "The Pelican Brief" he has examined many of the aspects of the legal profession. His books have featured Associates, judges, tort lawyers and environmental types.<br/><br/>This is the first that explores the world of a lawyer that leads an independent path that includes the lower end of the profession that includes conflicts with law enforcement and questionable defendants that he knows are guilty.<br/><br/>Rush has no office and conducts business from the back of an armored van driven by a big body guard..I would have read it in a single session if I could have..
John Grisham is an excellent story teller and ROGUE LAWYER is a unique collection of several courtroom dramas, featuring Sebastian  Rudd, attorney at law.  He represents high profile offenders and those clients that other attorneys avoid.  Rudd is a deal maker and his methods are, shall I say, occasionally questionable.  His characters are interesting and the story keeps the reader wondering what in the world will happen next.  I look forward to the next installment in  the life of Attorney Rudd and I expect that Grisham  will come up with more dysfunctional clients, upon which he will embellish .
An easy read - but not nearly as good as his previous works.  He seems to have had several plots in mind, and instead of developing one in depth, as he has in past books, Grisham tries to link them and resolve them somewhat superficially.  I saw an earlier interview where he thought this might lead to a better TV series rather than a movie.  I completely agree.  Couple of lead characters with TV-like identities.  Subplots that are dealt-with and solved easily within the 60-minute time frame - with commercials.  I look forward to each of his books - but left this one feeling somewhat gypped.
I love the way Grisham writes - no monotonous details and character descriptions.  He allows the reader's imagination to paint the picture.  At first I was disturbed that "Rogue Lawyer" seemed to be a compilation of short stories, but for the most part, they became intertwined.  While it was not his best work, it is a page-turner and a fun read.  The characters in the story produced in me a wide range of emotions - anger, sympathy, pity,laughter,consternation,and utter disgust. When finished reading, my response was "that was good."  I think you will feel the same way.
Grisham is hit or miss....many of his novels have Scooby-Doo endings, and are all the same - let's run away and escape because I don't know how to end the book I just wrote.<br/><br/>Rogue Lawyer tries to be Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer - but without any emotional depth and feeling for the characters. And as others have said, feels like a collection of short stories - keep waiting for them go gel together, to be cohesive, to have a theme that ties them together. About 50% through book and will not finish it, way to slow.<br/><br/>If I could I would ask for my money back.
I got a kick out of this book...a bit of a roller coaster ride - in a good way.  A likable/unlikable character - read the book, you'll see what I mean.  You feel for him and you root for him and a couple of times you want to kick him in the arse!!!  But you will not forget him!  I want to see more of him in my reading future!!!!  Sebastian Rudd is not forgettable...he's memorable!  This book is Grisham at his best...fast paced, in the trenches, gritty..a very visceral character and you won't forget Partner or Sebastian's ex either! .I like this book and this character.
All of John Grisham's books are intense, riveting and hard to put down. This one is no different, but a little less intense and very entertaining with subtle humor scattered throughout. It's about the "life & times" of  Rogue Lawyer, Sebastian Rudd, his "Partner" and apparent lesbian ex-wife, Judith, also a lawyer, that keeps hauling him into court over child custody issues while he's busy defending a cast of unpopular innocents and some not so innocent. The ending is open ended which leads me to believe (hopefully), that there is a continuation coming.
The book is great, but it really appears as though Grisham intended it to be a series, got lazy, and condensed everything into one book. Introductory comments are repeated with each new story, the types of details you keep reminding the reader about your character's history over several books, but not within one. This gets annoying at times. But for the second half, the book settles on a constant path and theme, and is pretty captivating.  All the stories are good, and the book is a great read. Rudd is a great character. I hope he does become a series.
This novel lives up to Grisham's well-deserved reputation as a first-rate storyteller. It is unusual in that it switches from story to story, covering incidents and cases in the lead character's career. Unpopular with the law enforcement establishment who would like to see him out of the defense business, Sebastian Rudd takes on cases that other lawyers spurn, representing the lowest of the low-life. The book is un-put-downable. Grisham's point of view has become more liberal as his writings progress, but that is not a bad thing, in my opinion.
I am a John Grisham fan. I have read all of his books and can't wait until his next book comes out. I think he is a great story-teller and can create a suspenseful and intelligent flow of events and people. I was disappointed because this book "Rogue Lawyer" was very predictable and at times it had almost seemed that it was forced to string out and come to a slow unsuspenseful ending. I am disappointed with this book but I will continue to read John Grisham's books. Please do not become a factory that just cranks out a uniform product.
This was a vintage Grisham book. I felt like he was back to his older style which I loved. A strong and flawed character whom you grow to understand and care about as you read. I like that aspect of his writing - the feeling that you are with a character who is not too good, not too bad. The story was interesting and Grisham ties in a current event problem at the right level of depth. I truly enjoyed this book and hope he further develops this character for future books. Can't end like it did...I have to see what happens in his life next.
Not up to Grisham,s standards.  His easy, flowing writing style is still present but the stories do not come close in quality as most of his previous books.  I paid $14.99 to Amazon (kindle book store) for this book and feel that $5.00 would have been a fair price.  By the way, I believe that I have read every one of Grisham's books and really liked 95% of them.<br/><br/>Be careful Amazon; you need to re-examine your book pricing or you are going to lose market share.  Remember, readers still have a local libraries conveniently located.
Rogue Lawyer introduces an irreverent, publicly-disliked, middle-aged lawyer who defends clients no one else wants to take on. He mistrusts the local cops and prosecutors and accepts these impossible cases because he cannot stand to hand corrupt men easy wins.The 3 cases that form the story are fascinating and unlike any I have read in the past. It took me away and entertained me and made me want to keep reading for 2 days. I hope this is the beginning of a series with these characters (but I doubt it because Mr Grisham likes to move on.)
I really like this book, as I think that John Grisham has done a great job with the characters. I've enjoyed many of the other books Mr. Grisham has written, although I have not read all of them, generally they are exciting and turn out differently than I had expected. They are easy to read generally speaking, and very entertaining; especially if you are familiar with the criminal justice system. You recognize that things can get complicated when criminals are caught and indicted for crimes. They don't always come through as you expect!
The book was highly anticipated and preordered. The stories seemed a little discombobulated jumping from one case to another leaving you to remember the characters. After all the jumping around, the ending came swiftly-even unexpectedly and seemed like the author grew tired of the whole story and wanted to end it ASAP. All-in-all, it was still an entertaining read, although I've enjoyed some of his other books more. Loved the Theodore Boone "kid lawyer" books! It is probably difficult to write a "barn burner" every time.
after the terrible, really disappointing Grey Mountain, I had thought JG had lost his fastball, which would have been a shame.  I've read all his books and I like them ...love some, like most. so i was skeptical as i bought RL.  But i really liked it.<br/><br/>Rogue Lawyer was more similar to early works .. Time to Kill and Pelican Brief ...and good pacing ...almost three separate books.  A little too similar to Lincoln Lawyer for my taste (and i am sure Michael Connelly's, maybe an homage?)  But i would definitely recommend it ...
I am a huge John Gresham fan but this is not my favorite. There are several subplots that almost made me feel like I was reading short stories and I hate short stories. Also, I am the widow of a LEO so the references to crooked or overbearing police officers made me uncomfortable even though I know they exist. Having said all that I can still say that I did enjoy the book and the surprising twists and turns. This author researches each of his novels thoroughly and the writing is superb. I think he has written another best seller.
There is nothing like curling up in bed hoping not to get overpowered by sleep as you try desperately to finish a John Grisham book lol. I LOVED Sebastian Rudd. I loved the way the story went cause lawyers don't have just one case at a time. I loved the bits and pieces and the continuations and the rarely-talked-about dark side of the law profession. In short, I loved this book. And I hope this is not the last we will see of Rudd. I look forward patiently and eagerly to the next book, picking up exactly where this one ended :-)
Having read several Grisham books I never know what to expect - this one is no exception, the first portion of the book caused me to think I had blown my money on a book not up to Grisham's standards, but I fought through my evaluation and was rewarded with a exciting thought provoking adventure. If you're a law an order supporter this one will undoubtedly disturb and may be anger you as the main character is a criminal defense lawyer. However, he is able to expose flaws within the CJ system remember it is fictional, but thought provoking. I would recommend as quality reading.
Not one of my favorite formats for a novel. Being set off in parts each story seemed isolated, like a series of short stories. The last section, or part, did bring all the stories to fruition, but as a novel it seemed disjointed. Sebastian Rudd, the rogue lawyer, throughout the book displays a low opinion of the judicial system and law enforcement which made me dislike him, but maybe that was the author's purpose. I will continue to read John Grisham's books he does write with depth and I have enjoyed his past works.
Frankly, I hated to get to the end of this book. Over the years, I have certainly enjoyed reading Grisham's works. I have found them to be very entertaining. Rogue Lawyer was no exception. The way this book was written, with numerous vignettes about the main character,  made for a fun read. The author used humor throughout, but the reality of the life of the rogue lawyer always tempered those moments and brought the reader back to the stark reality of the various situations. I recommend this book. You will enjoy it.
I had never read a Grisham novel, being more a fan of fantasy.  My boyfriend and I listened to an audiobook on a roadtrip.  It was very entertaining and funny, a gritty look at the dirty work in rogue lawyer-ing ;)  To me, it seemed like the 'blockbuster movie' version of a book-- a story with great pacing and attitude, but not a stickler on believeability or realism.  But if you're looking for witty entertainment, he hit it out of the park.  I was hoping for a more solid ending, but I'd read another of his books.
I truly enjoyed John Grisham's latest book.  This is the story of a lawyer who does not play by the rules (and often pays the consequences for that), but who cares deeply about his clients and will go to extremes to make sure they get a just and fair trial.  The book is a compilation of various cases from this lawyer's career, as well as incidences in his personal life.  The main character is well developed, and the pace is fast.  I had difficulty putting the book down, and I highly recommend it to Grisham's fans.
This was a little different type of book from Grisham but it was still pretty good although it did take a while to get the feel of it.  It did get better as the book went on but I can not see giving it more than three stars.  Maybe I was just expecting more after Gray Mountain which in my opinion is one of his best books.  I would have loved a sequel type book of Gray Mountain personally but that is just my opinion.  I have been a very long time fan of Grisham and will still look forward to the next book from him.
My first Grisham, and though probably not my last, I wasn't particularly impressed. Some characters stretched credulity, others were introduced and then left to flutter in the breeze. It was sufficiently compelling in flow that I kind of plowed through it, or at least as much as my schedule would permit. I think I wanted to like it more, and maybe expected more because of his reputation that I've heard about for years. Right now, I'd give this effort a "Meh".<br/><br/>Sorry, Mr. G. - maybe next time :-(
I found John Grisham to be in rare form in the Rogue Lawyer - I don't recall him to being this funny in any of his other books & I have read most of them.<br/><br/>Before I got the book, I read quite a few reviews, some of which had complaints about this being a series of short stories.  I found the format very pleasing.  Yes, it is a series of different cases, but what lawyer handles one case and nothing else?  This is a day to day of the character's life.  Everything ties in nicely & and it was a great read.
A different sort of lead character for John Grisham, but i really liked him. Sebastian Rudd wants justice and isn't afraid to bend the rules if necessary to see it happen.  He has his own personal demons but puts them aside to do what he needs to do.  He a isn't warm and fuzzy guy but he is easier to relate to because he's not a perfect "hero" crusader sort of character.  I would like to hear more of his story, i think he has more to say.  Not necessarily a classic John Grisham, but a truly great read!
I'm a Grisham fan, so I've read all his books other than his young adult series. Some reviewers complained that this is a collection of short stories that are not related. Not really. The main characters remain the same throughout, and there is continuity between the "stories," and more or less an overall plot. Sebastian Rudd is a lawyer, and lawyers have many clients, thus the variety of story lines in this book.<br/><br/>Wasn't Grisham's greatest work, but definitely not his worst effort either.
I have all John Grisham novels, and although I enjoyed reading this last one, I do not consider it as one of his best. In my opinion, he has written better books, but also worst than this. Comparing all his novels with a 1-10 scale, I would give this one something between 5 and 7.<br/>Since I liked all of the previous novels, I actually can't think of one that would deserve less than 3-4 in that scale. To conclude, I think its hard to say if a book is good or not, as each of us has his own preferences.
I have read a lot of John Grisham's books and enjoyed them. However, this one was different. The only reason that I kept reading was to see what happened to all of the characters in the book. There were so many different characters and most of them wanted to nail Sebastian but the reader is left hanging about all of them. Also, there was quite a bit of repetition about prior details that had happened in the book . I kind of got bored and just started scanning the last part of the book to get to the end.
Not his very best, but still gripping and intriguing.  A departure from his usual format of solving a case from beginning to end.  In Rogue Lawyer, Grisham takes us through the trials and tribulations of several simultaneous cases Sebastian gets himself involved in.  Some of those cases are little far-reaching, but nevertheless, I enjoyed reading the book.  I always learn a lot about the law and the "real" goings-on in our law enforcement and judicial systems.  I can't wait for the next book!!!
I loved this book!  I think the old John Grisham is back!  This story kept my interest from the first page to the last.  I couldn't wait to get back to the book each time I had to put it down.  I loved the characters and would love to hear more stories with these same characters.  I enjoyed the humor that was sprinkled throughout the book.  I found myself laughing several times at the clever dialogue.  I would compare with with Time to Kill and The Client, which I consider some of his best writing.
John Grisham is always a good read, especially when you consider some of the other books out there.  I like that most all of his books do not contain a lot of vulgarity, and violence, and explicit sex scenes.  However, he did use several off-color words this time that did nothing to enhance the book at all.  I wonder if he  will ever get back to writing his classics like The Firm, The Pelican Brief, and The Client.  Those were excellent fiction and most of his other books were pretty good, also.
Readers who like crime fiction with interesting characters should find pleasure reading the latest novel by John Grisham titled, Rogue Lawyer. Protagonist Sebastian Rudd is the rogue lawyer in the title, and his behavior and legal cases are not what one would expect. Grisham knows how to tell a story, how to develop interesting characters and how to keep readers entertained. I so enjoyed Rudd that I hope Grisham continues to develop him in future novels.<br/><br/>Rating: Four-star (I like it)
This book kept my interest throughout.  I hated to have it end.  Mr. Grisham has a great direction with this attorney..a different client, facing different problems.<br/><br/>Instead of reading 500 pages with the same characters and descriptions of scenery or weather for 'filler', we're entertained with new characters and new problems, while connected with one main (hero) character!<br/><br/>Great idea..I want more! Many more and real soon!  Thanks for the great entertainment, Mr. Grisham.
I almost did not buy this book after reading the reviews but, being desperate for something to read. I went ahead and got it. After a few pages had to agree. Damn! 14 bucks down the drain. Strange thing happened though. I started to read faster and faster. Could not wait to see what happened next. Book dragged me in and in the wee hours of the morning, finished the last page and let out a scream of frustration. What? The end? Wait! This can not end like this. Has just got to be more!
I have signed, first editions of all of John Grisham's books.  This one is slow paced.  I think if he would get off his soapbox and stop sermonizing and politicizing, he could tell a great story again, which is what his readers expect. Please, Mr. Grisham, get off your platform and write the legal thrillers that your fans want.  The Rogue Lawyer character resembles Michael Connelly's "Lincoln Lawyer," but without the pizzazz.  Try an original approach and win your fans back.
Every John Grisham novel educates on some aspect of how the world really works.  I have worked in the legal field for about 40 years, and he is always spot on.  I almost gave this 5 stars, but it is a slightly different format from his usual, which I liked very much, but not AS much.  Still very much worth the read.  It also begs for a sequel.  I find the main character interesting and realistic.  I was sorry to see the book end; it is always hard to wait for the next Grisham novel.
When asked who some of my favorite authors are, John Grisham and Stephen King are always the first two who come to mind. "Rogue Lawyer" is an excellent example of why I love reading Grisham. This book had me hooked within the first 10 pages, and wondering when release the next. Sebastian Rudd is the kind of character who will have you hoping that Mr. Grisham writes a sequel and soon. I dare any avid reader to sample this book and try to put it down after the first chapter!!
John Grisham is an accomplished author of legal thrillers. He never ceases to captivate and amaze. His words flow at an appealing pace, and along with his innate creativity, he becomes an exceptional story teller. He has written a few clunkers, but by far, the great number are a sheer joy. My only complaint is that he can't possibly write more! Grisham is mesmerizing. Obviously I highly endorse his works and hope he brings you as much joy as he brings me. Thanks, Steve G.
Uncomfortable. Dark. Unsympathetic characters. Hopeless life situations.  I kept on reading it but, boy, it was not a happy plod.  It's left a really unsavory taste, and I think that's what Grisham intended, for he is high on his preaching horse in this book. Gooood writer; it shows in my having always turned to the next chapter, but I am not sure I could recommend except to either die-hard Grisham fans or believers that our justice system is perverted beyond all saving.
As an avid Grisham fan, I found this book a bit less satisfying than previous works.  I admire Grisham for not being formulaic and periodically trying something very different, like Calico Joe or Playing for Pizza but the Rogue Lawyer was a disappointment.  The book is in fact a series of short stories loosely interwoven.  The main character has potential and Grisham would do well to use his wonderful story-telling skills  to building a more nuanced, complex novel.
My actual rating for this book is 3.5 Stars. Grisham is the writer that turned me into a book reading nerd. I've read all his books and for many years he was my favorite writer. Not anymore but I will still read anything he puts out because I'm kind of a groupie. Anyway Rouge Lawyer is way to similar to the Lincoln Lawyer and while reading Rouge I could only picture Matthew Mcconaughey as the lawyer in this book. Overall it was somewhat entertaining but not great.
Good enough, but a very angry book. The story was reasonably good, the writing good, but I was left unsatisfied. Normally, after a Grisham book (excluding the dreadful Playing for Pizza) I feel I've just experienced a terrific yarn. He showed many reasons to be angry with the legal system, but when I read a "yarn" book, I want to leave the "real" world. This, while nice enough, falls short of Grisham's very best... when he's good, he's VERY good...
John Grisham said on Charlie Rose that he very much enjoyed writing this book and that there would be more to come with this lead character.  Good!  Grisham certainly knows the legal professional and the legal system, and that knowledge is on full display.  The "Rogue Lawyer's internal musings (I suspect Mr. Grisham's) are often downright funny even as they strike at the heart of an issue in the justice system.<br/><br/>Good book and very enjoyable reading.
Hmm.  Well, here goes.  Spoiler alert!I enjoyed the book at first.  However, there seemed to be several stories going on.  I read an online synopsis, which promised to tie all of the stories together.  That never really happened.  When the book ended, it ended abruptly.  I was so surprised, that I thought there were missing pages.  Kind of disappointed.  The writing style was excellent and the characters were vivid.  I look forward to reading other reviews.
I look forward to the release of every Grisham book as I enjoy them immensely. This book is an exception. Only one character in the book is sympathetic to the reader and, unlike other Grisham books, the pace is very slow. Toward the end of the book I did not care very much whether I finished (which I did) or not. I look forward to Grisham's next book as I am sure it will be better than this one. Even the lawyer in this book has some despicable qualities..
Normally, a Grisham book is great. I don't even read the story line, just buy it. But this is one of the worst books I've read in years. An angry lawyer who hates the police and prosecution teams, disjointed stories an a book that ends abruptly with no ending. Really terrible. I kept looking at the last page thinking something was wrong with my kindle. Has Grisham lost his magic? I will be more careful and wait to read reviews before I buy his next one.
John Grisham delivers once again!  I just love his style and storytelling capabilities!  Rogue Lawyer presents us with multiple cases in the life of a criminal defense attorney who takes only the toughest cases.  Lots of twists and turns.  The overlapping stories give us a greater sense of what life must be like for an attorney who at times must juggle more than one case at a time and also have some creep back to him from the past.  Five stars for sure!
I do not care for short stories and this read like one to me.
What started as a commercial for anti death penalty, anti tort reform , anti under and uneducated surplus of lawyers and a diatribe against police, a story finally emerged. Using all of the trite arguments to establish the above, Grisham does a tolerable job of weaving, weakly, all of them together to finally find a hero of sorts to extricate from the clutches of the cops, accompanied by spurts of gratuitous bloodletting. Certainly not his best effort.
I really like John Grisham and here he takes corrupt police departments to the cleaners while letting us know there are good cops, too. But because the protagonist doesn't sail into the sunset as often happens to Grisham's characters, and this one is pretty flawed but honest and  likable, I expect a sequel. The last case wasn't enough to end the story ... And what city is this? Must be in Mississippi but he leaves us guessing ... Or I just missed it.
I had never read John Grisham before - although I had seem a couple of the movie made from his books.  I thoroughly enjoyed this. The character becomes more complex as we slowly learn more about him, and the short chapters are excellent for when you only want to read a short time and then continue later. I am sure there will be sequels. In fact, I saw John Grisham on TV say that he thought this character would make a good TV series. I'll watch it.
Unfortunately as with most electronic books, you may not be aware of how close we are<br/>to the ending. This ending although somewhat typical Grisham style caught me by surprise as<br/>if there was a rush to finish. I was left wondering what happened to main evil character and even the<br/>main one. Maybe Mr. Grisham will have a follow up book based on both. Overall it was a typical<br/>great novel and that's why I have read all his books.
I'm a long time fan of Grisham but this book fell below his usual standard in my opinion.  It didn't help that I disliked the main character and also the sub plot of cage fighting.  I simply don't want to read about that world.  At first the book almost reads like short stories connected by the main character.  Honestly wouldn't have known it was a Grisham book.  I certainly hope this isn't a character we have to meet again in future books.
Another page turner by John Grisham. This book is different from Grisham's other books, in that he includes several stories,  rather than just one. Also, John is using a bit more "language of the street" than in the past. That's okay though because nothing is vulgar or offensive. If it ever gets vulgar or offensive, that's when I quit reading his books. He is one of few writers who can tell a good story without offending the writer.
It was a bit of a surprise for me in that it was in actuality several short stories told as separate cases that were connected by the lawyers personal life. I liked how the characters were not all good or all bad. Especial  the lawyer. Each new case seemed to be just about the perfect length to tell the story and interesting to see how it would come out. At no time did I find myself bored of any of the stories and i read it pretty quickly.
For some reason I couldn't stop thinking of The Lincoln Lawyer as I read this book. That being said, in true Grisham style he keeps you turning the pages because you need to know what happens next. At first it seems like a bunch of unrelated short stories but as you keep reading he starts tying them all together bit by bit. Although far from being his best work, I'll still give it 5 stars because it kept my attention ans was cleverly done.
John Grisham has done it again. He has created a memorable character that left me wanting to read more. Having read all of Grisham's works, I think this is one of the best. I will not soon forget Sebastian Rudd, the colorful rogue lawyer. Grisham uses a series of interesting cases to weave an intriguing story line. Even though Rudd is a somewhat shady character, you come to know and even like him. I highly recommend "Rogue Lawyer."
So disappointed, I have read every book written by Grisham. Never finished the one non-fiction book. Not like me, I always finish books that I start but that one I couldn't. This one I finished mostly because I started it. I got a little better as it went along but not up to the story-telling I have come to expect and enjoy from this author. I am beginning to think I like his Theodore Boone books better than the ones written for adults.
While this book has things in common with other Grisham novels such as social commentary on the state of the legal system, this is different that other Grisham novels in that rather than being a story with a character in it, this book focuses on the character, and builds stories around him. I did find the book slow going at first, but at around a third of the way in, I found my self pulled in. So if you hang in there, it's a good story.
This is a different kind of tale for Mr. Grisham, whose bad boy still has a good core and does the right thing...mostly.  I liked the first person narrative and full-speed ahead nature of the protagonist.  What a great name for the sidekick: Partner.  The personal entanglements and past history of our bad boy give him believability.  I thought the ending came too suddenly, but that's the nature of a good story; I didn't want it to end.
I'm a Grisham fan. This book was a departure from his usual fare.  Typical Grisham plots center on the courtroom with a detailed review of the case and its twists and turns.  Rogue Lawyer is much more centered on the characters and the plot line.  Less courtroom drama and more drama from the people outside the courtroom.  Some people will love it.  Some will hate it.  Overall I liked the story and the plot line.  Still a Grisham fan.
It was OK. I really loved it in the beginning, then I went through a period where I was wondering when it was going to get to a point. I expected the assorted story lines to all come together. I read the other reviews after reading this book. There were some comparisons to the Lincoln Lawyer and coincidentally, I had just purchased that book to read next. Good timing. Yes, this is a good book, but not quite worth the $15 ebook price!
I liked this book because of all the different twist, the many characters, and I kept reading because I just knew Sebastian Rudd was a good guy! I really like this book because I did not feel is was a "typical" Grisham book, in fact many times I felt it was a different author. I liked this because I felt it was out-of-the-box a little for John Grisham. I highly recommend this book and I am looking forward to Mr. Grisham's next book!
Not my favorite Grisham book and I've read them all.  I had to remind myself I had a book to read and make myself read further.  I like the main character just fine but didn't find parts of it believable (yes I know it's fiction).  The story of the man who was charged after a police raid at his house was intriguing but the events surrounding it became too far-fetched.  I would recommend it as a read but don't expect vintage Grisham.
It is highly unusual for me to not finish a book, but I will probably stop reading this one.  It seems like a collection of short stories whose only connecting character is Sebastian Rudd.  If one does not agree with the commentary on the justice system which this novel portrays, it is not going to be a  satisfying read.  This book is not what I expected and I am very disappointed.  I wish I had read some reviews before I bought it.
I've read all the books John Grisham has written.  And always look forward to his next novel.  When I purchased and began reading the Rogue Lawyer, I was surprised to see there wasn't a single story line, but rather several different stories from the "rogue lawyer".  It took a while to be comfortable with the multiple stories format.  While a different style appeared in this novel, I have throughly enjoyed the entire book.
Grisham introduces a new character here--Sebastian Rudd-- who is thrives in representing people accused of and involved in despicable crimes.  Rudd lives life on the edge in his outfitted van/office while dodging those who would do him harm.  He has a bodyguard named "Partner" who watches his back as he challenges the powerful who seek to cover up their misdeeds.  His title of "Rogue Lawyer" is an apt description.
If you like gray-area police work, biased judges, politically motivated prosecutors and mayors, and heroic but often marginally legal defense lawyers, you'll love "Rogue Lawyer." It is typical Grisham and does not paint a rosy view of the "system." Intriguing, fast paced and sarcastically humorous; it's good reading...and hopefully more fiction than fact.
This Leagle Eagle by John is different from his others.  He has the same Street Lawyer, a Rogue of course all through the book, but he s handeling different cases, some of which overlap in his personal life.  I always enjoy most of John's work and I really liked this one a great deal, finished it in two sittings.  Would recommend it to anyone looking for a good story with a few twists and that isn't full of leagle language, etc.
Absolutely fun. Grisham never fails to entertain and mix in some great suspense. This book will win over the uninitiated, if there are any remaining on this green Earth! There's a wonderful mixture of likeable characters and folks whose necks the reader would love to wring. You've got to love this rogue lawyer! He's such a likeable guy. Through his rhetoric, you'll learn some of the insanity in some of our laws. Wonderful read!
I am a real Grisham fan.  This was not his best work be a very worthwhile read.  Usually Grisham's books have a very suspenseful plot and the characters just fall into the book.  This was a character study with the plots falling into the book.  As usual about 2/3 into the book you wonder how it will all com together and how all problems get resolved.  No disappointment here.  As usual a vry logical, b ut innovative resolution.
Excellent John Grisham book.  "Rogue Lawyer" follows several cases of Grisham's new protagonist, Sebastian Rudd, a gun-carrying bottom-feeder who 'offices' out of his van and has a driver who doubles as his bodyguard. Despite the non-lawyerly methods, Grisham has imbued Rudd with a strong and fearless desire for justice.  This is the "best" Grisham - - the one we always hope to get when we buy his latest work.
I have read just about all of Grisham's books (other than the one's for youngsters) and found this among my favorites.  It is difficult for me to relate to the main character because of his lack of ethics, and most of the remaining characters Re no better.  But Grisham is such a story teller the book is hard to put down.  I only hope the realm of law and order usually stands taller than the way it is presented in this novel.
It was so great to see Grisham back in the courtroom with these stories. And he doesn't make us wait around. He starts there and continues there with the different experiences with his principal character, a rogue lawyer who mistrusts the police for lots of good reasons. He takes them on and the prosecurters who represent them. The ride is fast and the book ended far too quickly for me. I could have stayed on for much more.
Somewhat Grisham like, this is a book with a strong point of view about what he sees as the ongoing travesty of the criminal justice system. That said it is un-Grisham like in that it is not a continuous narrative, it felt, at least the first half, as if he had constructed a series of Kindle singles and sai to heck with it and put things together into one book. The bottom line is simple - a good read if you like Grisham
While many people will believe that this is truly fiction, there are a great many underlying aspects of this novel that unfortunately are steeped in reality.  Grisham's writing style is smooth and I have trouble limiting the amount of time I spend reading.  My criteria for a good book is that I want to find out what will happen next but I don't want the story to end.  Grisham has done it again with this latest novel.
Far from his best work and not the type of book you couldn't put down like I typically expect from him but still good.<br/><br/>Was a lot of short stories that ran together.  The characters from each story, except for the first short story appear in the following stories.<br/><br/>He should have left out the first short story, was pretty boring and pretty predictable but the rest of the stories were pretty good.
Not his best effort.  After last year's Gray Mountain, I was really hopeful that Mr. Grisham would invest the energy and imagination that made his early books such page turner.  This was pretty rote, stock characters and not very well written.  Not a disappointment, but not up to his early work.  Is it too much to conclude that his best effort is his first "A Time to Kill," before he became rich and famous?
This is one of the best of John Grisham books. The novel is fast paced, there is always something going on and all the characters are believable and interesting. The main character of this book is an attorney who is directly opposite of all the previous John Grisham's attorneys. As a public defender, this attorney gets all sorts of cases. It is interesting to see how all the different cases overlap and intertwined.
I continued to run out of time allotted for reading.  I kept adding 'just one more chapter, oh, just one more!"<br/>I found this book to be fast paced, with a subject I really knew nothing about and thought I would not want/need to know more.  However, I had to continue reading to discover how things would turn out.<br/>John Grisham does indeed know how to weave stories that keep the reader highly interested.
must admit I was disappointed in this book  [afirst for a grisham book]  maybe because I hate anything to do with fighting. and there was violence throughout. felt cheated that I was never told location of narrative--just the "city"  was glad when I finished the book but must add  the ending was appropriate.  good trial  description ---but the "ROGUE"  was  bit too full of  himself for my  liking.
Excellent Book. I  have read and re-read everyone of Grisham's book. As always his sarcasm about and justice system is on point one hundred percent. His description of judges,  and district attorneys who are willing to ignore the truth to be re-elected and glorified swat teamss who want to be 007's is so funny and yet so accurate. I hope Sebastian Rudd will be a regular hero of his upcoming novels. Good job John.
This wasn't Grisham's best book.  Not a terrible book but I didn't find it as riveting as past books and didn't find myself staying up all hours trying to finish it.  There's really a couple different stories in the book.  The first really has nothing to do with the rest, the next one comes and goes.  Overall a little confusing.  I don't regret the time spent reading it, but I hope Grisham's next book is better.
This is one of the few books I have not been able to finish.  I have read most of John Grisham's work and normally enjoy them.  By 30% into the book I was still trying to figure out the plot or even a story line.  As others have said, it reads like several short stories put together with no connection.  I wish i had waited for the public library edition and saved my money.  It really wasn't worth even one star.
While a somewhat different approach to the legal thriller than John usually takes, The Rogue Lawyer is nevertheless an entertaining read. Every citizen is entitled to a vigorous legal defense, no matter how guilty they look or how certain their conviction according to the courts of public opinion. It is from these defense counsel's perspective that this book allows us to see the judicial system. A good read.
I loved the book.  Even though some of his last few books were not my favorites this book is one of my favorites.  I know many people felt that the idea was stolen from Michael Connelly.  Even if it was it didn't bother me in the least.  I liked the story and sub stories very much.  What I like about John Grisham is that he is easy to read and his books are very entertaining. And that is the reason I read.
Unlike previous Grisham novels with a single case that is complex and fully developed this novel follows a Lincoln Lawyer like character who operates out of a van as an office through a series of cases, more like a bunch of short stories woven together into a full length book. The characters are entertaining but the nature of the stories means that the complex plots one is used to from Grisham are missing
I loved the various stories.  I judge a book by how difficult it is for me to put down.  I was able to put this book down; I wasn't invested in the various characters' downfall, as in some of Grishams books.  For example, in Grey Mountain, I felt for the pain and suffering of the miners and their families.  But I give the book 4 stars because no one writes like John Grisham and hooks you into a good read.
In a departure from Grisham's previous legal novels, this is a compilation of many experiences and cases in the life of an unusual attorney who takes on seemingly impossible clients charged with major crimes.  Sebastian Rudd's sometimes unorthodox approach to defending his clients makes the cases exciting and occasional looks into Rudd's personal life outside the courtroom add dimension to his character.
Felt like a bunch of short stories rather than a novel. If you are new to the author go back to earlier novels because they are much better. Also the protagonist in this novel was such a cliche you almost choked on it while reading it. JG has skirted with this in the past but those characters were always bearable, this one crossed the line of terrible. As usual though his novels become hard to put down.
I've never read a bad novel by John Grisham; I liked some more than others, but all were well-written and very enjoyable.  Rogue Lawyer was very engrossing, and I couldn't put it down.  The characters were very well developed and believable.  The story lines were terrific.  I can't recommend this novel highly enough.  If you're a Grisham fan you'll love, if you are new to his work you will become a fan.
Simply AMAZING!  Definitely a page turner!  I could not put the kindle down. I don't believe I have ever read a book so quickly.  The characters all come to life, and it seems as if I'm watching a box office "thriller," instead of reading a novel.  This one most definitely deserves to be translated to the "big screen!" Readers and viewers alike will certainly enjoy. Praying for a part II to this book!
Not one of Grisham's best works.  It was "ok", but certainly not as riveting as some of his previous books.  I am not particularly picky about such fiction works.  In fact, I rarely read fiction.  For some reason, however, I have been drawn to Grisham's work, both the lawyer-oriented books and other non-legal subjects.  This one, however, was a little boring and did not seem as carefully done.
I bought this book because I am a huge Grisham fan.  When I started reading it, I was very skeptical and did not know if I would like it.  Well, let me tell you, when I got into it, I could not put it down.  This book is a must read!  Kudos to you John Grisham.  I saw an interview with John on our local news channel during which he stated that he wanted to write more of these books.  John, please do!
This was more like Ford county stories than an actual novel. There is some disconnect between the stories and a thinly veiled attempt to create a whole novel. It is entertaining in its own way but by midway you have completely forgotten the characters you started off with. This is a lie on the couch when not busy and read good but not a call into work sick and lie in bed with some wine and read good.
Having read every one of John Grisham's previous books, in comparison The Rogue Lawyer is a "hoot!" Humorous with very dry humor and too many quotable lines to count. In short, the lead character Sebastian Rudd takes on clients that no other lawyers would touch with a 10 foot pole. To quote the book jacket's flap, this book is "gritty, witty, and impossible to put down."  A fun read!
Another great novel by John Grisham.  This one is a cynical look at our criminal justice system through the eyes of a criminal defense lawyer..  Although the book is fiction, it is easy to realize that self-serving actions by authorities  can easily corrupt our concept of fairness under the law.  If you like this book, you may also appreciate "Rock Springs Revenge" by author Dell Isham.
Rogue Lawyer, another John Grrisham book, the 29th I believe, is another well researched criminal law case for which he has found the succesfsul formula  I have followed him sinhis first book where he had to struggle to get book stores to put it on their shelves.  For that he ha always come back  for an autograph session or supplied autographed copies to patrons who register to acquire a copy.
Without a lengthy explanation of what happens in this book, I like this book because it makes me think about the many problems that we have in America. It's thought provoking. I enjoyed the various story lines in this book. After the last book, Gray Mountain, which seemed unfinished, I was hoping for a better book. This one delivered. I'm hoping that Grisham develops these characters further.
Rogue Lawyer is one of the most disappointing books I've ever read. I have read and enjoyed most all previous books by Grisham, but not this one. It should have been advertised as a book of short stories, instead we were bamboozled by several stories featuring a rogue lawyer, none of which were carried to a satisfying conclusion. To me, if Jonathan Rudd is to survive, it's gotta get better.
This was entertaining as it took you through the life of an attorney who represented the underdog.  Although he was a smart cookie, his personal life was a series of contradictions.  However, Grisham left it open to pick up where the life of this main character left off.  It will be interesting to see what the author does - leave it a stand alone book or continue this character in a sequel!
Just the cost alone for an ebook has made me decide John Grisham is no longer worth the price.  I'm sorry he has fallen into a slump with such lackluster books as A Painted House, but I don't feel the public should have to subsidized his and his publishers poor choices in material.  I have crossed him off my reading list along with other authors like Iris Johansen.  Too many greedy people.
I liked the character, Rudd, despite the barbaric hobby in which he engages, cage fighting. I hope he writes a sequel to explain his relationship with his son, Starcher. Also, I want him to get rid of the bad guys, who demand money from him. Rudd is a non compromising protagonist, which I find easily to follow.<br/><br/>It was a quick read. I can't wait until his next book comes out.
At first I thought this was a collection of short stories before it came more focused. Grisham must be getting weary of grinding out books. There is a continuing undertone that everyone in the criminal justice system is corrupt. I believe that is the main point of the book. This is Grisham's version of the Lincoln Lawyer but not as good. Despite all of this it is still an easy read.
At first I thought the book was going to be a group of short stories, but as I got further into it, they became related. The story is about a criminal defense lawyer who takes cases that provide a bit of publicity, defending people the public love to hate and who have already been tried in the media. A good read which held my attention and became more intense as the book progressed.
I enjoyed the latest Grisham book.  It was different from others he has written.  He wrote about the experiences of a criminal lawyer and his shady clients. The clients he represented were the drug dealers, killers, kidnappers, etc.(which most lawyers didn't want to take) and usually he he had an antagonistic relationship with the police. It was suspenseful right up until the end.
So, as always happens when I get a new John Grisham novel, time stopped, I read the thing the first day. Couldn't stop even though I knew I'd be sorry when I finished it!<br/><br/>And, as always, I hated that I hit the last page and there were no more Rogue Lawyer days to share. Excellent work, Mr. Grisham, like always. I'll re-read it a dozen times while I wait on the next one.
I was expecting a novel but it was several short stories. I've dealt with many law enforcement personnel, defense attorneys & prosecutors over my 31 year career and never meet any who's demeanor was anywhere close to the author's main character. I realize the story is fictional but some readers may think defense attorneys act this way in general, but that would be fictional too.
I read some reviews on this book & was a bit apprehensive about buying it. I can't understand what some people want because this is a very,good book. The stories and characters in this book are compelling and unique. When I wasn't reading this story I was thinking about it. There wasn't any "formula" ,that too many successful authors use today. This is an excellent book!
I didn't care for the style of the story telling, but the book was well written. The style of the story was a little choppy, which I do not really like. I also didn't care for the main character. He was rude and a bit full of himself. Yet I still found myself rooting for him and at ties empathizing with his situation. And despite the choppy style, I needed to know wat happened.
It's a good book, but I like some of his(John Grisham's books) better. Unlike the traditional John Grisham books, this book was made up of multiple short stories, which did not allow developing of a main overall story. It's not as suspenseful as his other books, but I would suggest it to any reader. (My opinion may be biased, John Grisham is one of my most favorite authors).
Being a John Grisham fan, I love his work. Rogue Lawyer is excellent in describing a side of life most of us never see and the major character being a defense lawyer who takes on the cases nobody else will take for people who are pretty much rotten makes for an interesting story. I was sorry when it ended but felt he left the door open for more cases with this Rogue Lawyer.
I really like Grisham, particularly when he can avoid getting too preachy. He's created a great new character/characters. I certainly hope we hear more from this crew. Having said that, this just didn't seem like a book to me...more like a series of related short stories or vignettes, patched together, which suddenly ended. So a little hard to call it a plot at least to me.
I have read all of John Grisham's novels.  All of them are great with the exception of one. When Grisham's novels are made into movies, some are good and some make too many unnecessary changes.  His writing is real and magnetic. It pulls you into the picture and you keep reading on and on.  Hopefully, John can write another novel about female lawyers (as in Gray Mountain).
Another fun read as only Grisham can write it! Loved this madcap adventure about a wild and crazy lawyer who's so like the kind of lawyer I wish was the stereotypical lawyer in real life. He is anything but. This fast moving adventure never slows down and I found it hard to not continue reading but my eyes gave out and had to get some Zzzz's and then finish one heck of a fun book.  Highly recommend.
This is a gritty book which I found different for the author.  It deals with issues in our lives and in the headlines.  I really enjoyed the different kind of hero and was surprised when it ended!  This could be an ideal series of books.  It seemed like a string of short stories then I thought it really fit the character, his law practice and life.  It was a nice change.
Violence, criminal behavior, and sleezy deal making prevail throughout chapters with home invasion, custody, kidnapping, human trafficking, and cage boxing. Perhaps one of the characters could have risen above the turmoil to comment about the wisdom of using children as pawns. The rogue lawyer rightly leaves town for a rest and golf. He leaves with a target on his back.
I was very disappointed with this book.  It was more a series of short stories, than a novel.  Grisham did tie some of the plots together at the end , but I felt that it was forced.  It reminded me a lot of the Lincoln Lawyer with a crazy lawyer working out of his car with a chauffeur bodyguard.  It was also somewhat depressing; portraying our justice system as a joke.
John Grisham is one of my very favorite authors. I always look forward to his new books. This one, with 3 short stories, was a little disappointing.  Many of his books have gone on to become major movies, but it seems to me the first 2 stories of this book were written to fit into 1 hour TV episodes with quick endings, and maybe a 2 hour TV episode for the last story.
I've read most of Grisham's Novels and this one is one of the best ones showing the dark underside of big city police departments and the numerous laws that they are governed by. It took just a few days to read this  as I set aside my other Kindle so I could finish this one. I look forward to more of these stories. This certainly can become a hit as a TV drama series.
This actually was pretty well written.  I could have done without the other stories because the last was best and could have been expanded into an entire novel.  Grisham usually has terrible endings but this was just an ending begging a sequel.  Grisham used to write great novels in the beginning...just look at the movies made from them.  Now they are simply mediocre.
This is an interesting story about an unusual lawyer and the people he interacts with. Much of the action almost seems comic-book-like, but Grisham does throw in some interesting twists, though some are a bit far-fetched (and I must admit, they are actually possible) and the book overall feels too much like a Stephanie Plum story. Good for some dark laughs, however.
Rogue Lawyer is fast paced with each part involving a different client and trial. Rudd is not the usual type of lawyer that Grisham features. He lives life and practices just inside the law. His clients are not likable people, but someone has to defend them. Rudd's personal life and struggle with his ex-wife run through all parts of the book so there is continuity.
When I started reading this book I thought I wasn't going to like it but before too long it was hard to put it down.  Didn't have my favorite characters<br/>that are in the Grisham books but so many twist and turns in the story I began to hope he puts this characters in more of his book.  If you are a<br/>true Grishm fan I think it would be a great read for you!
I am a Grisham fan.  I have read all of his books and have collected as many as I can.  His ability to weave various scenarios and plots throughout his writings is remarkable.  Normally you would lose sight of who is who but Grisham has a way of identifying each personality to refresh your mind.<br/>as you go from scene to scene, page to page, chapter to chapter.
Grisham is a great author, but this book feels incomplete, more like a collection of short stories featuring the same character. The plot involves a lawyer that takes cases no one else wants, and this could make for a riveting story given expectations from Grisham. Overall a good read as the author is very good, but don't expect "The Firm" any other hit quality.
The book did not draw me in the way his first books did. It had interesting moments and the main character had his flaws but I did not feel any connection to him or his issues which were many. And it ended abruptly which was disappointing!  Obviously I am not a writer but I am a reader of mysteries and have had to turn to Scandinavian writers for my mystery fix.
As a criminal defense attorney I can say Grisham, as probably all his readers realize, really knows his stuff in this genre. I have seen some criticism that he does not sufficiently flesh out his characters this time, but to me this is a great entertaining read. Anticipate and hope to see some more of his "rogue lawyer. Highly recommend this book to anyone.
I'm halfway through this terribly boring book and thought I'd read the reviews to see if there might be a reason to slog on.  Nope.  I agree with those who gave one star.  Sometimes I wonder is really successful writers decide it is no longer about the art, "just give me the money".
Could not get into it.  Easy to put down and hard to start reading again.  I want to love or hate the main character.  Sebastain left me feeling I couldn't care less, not about him, his clients or his ex-wife.  I always finish a book-this one did not make it easy.  I have truly enjoyed so many of Grisham's characters but he missed the boat on this one.  Sorry
At first I thought this was a Lincoln Laywer knock-off which would have been beneath a writer of John Grisham's stature.  Then I thought it was a set of short stories and basically, a proposal for a TV series.  However, the stories do begin to blend towards the end and it did end up to be a good read.  It was better than the last book by far.  I recommend it.
It did not seem like a novel for the first third or so, but more like vignets centered on the lawyer.  I know ther are crooked cops and crooked prosecuters, and I know Grishom could not have anticipated the current war on law officers, but it did grate on my nerves a bit.  The last half of the book seemed more like Grishom, plot twists and intertwined plots.
After reading all of the authors books, I found Rogue Lawyer to be less quality and entertaining than other books written.  It appeared to be several short stories with no solid plot until around the middle of the book.  Just different and not really appealing to me.  The central character was unappealing and not really realistic, although he was the ROGUE.
An excellent read which (as others have already noted) seems to  at least slightly parallel Michael Connelly's 'Lincoln Lawyer' character.  My take, certainly an opinion based on nothing but the content of this book, is that somebody besides the 'Rogue Lawyer' might be unhappy with  the courts and  cops of today.  A nice  change of direction for the author.
Really about a 4.5 on this one.  Love to exercise and listen to a Grisham book.  Makes my time walking in the water go quicker.  This is quite a different Grisham, more like short stories about different cases.  Other reviewers can fill you in on the storyline, but the audio book is great!  The reader was not only easy to understand, but changed his voice for different characters which made the audio book version even better.<br/><br/>Probably not Grisham's best, but he was still to listen to.  Enjoyed it!
I look forward to Grisham's books have really enjoyed them, but Rogue Lawyer is not worth the price.  It looks like someone having read a Michael Connelly book decided to write his own first book. While I enjoy Connelly's writing, I do  not expect John Grisham to copy not only his style, but even the characters and setting. Very disappointed in this book!
Rogue Lawyer by John Grisham tells the tale of a rough but likable lawyer who plays his own game.  He accepts the clients no one else wants to represent, and often puts himself into danger because of it.  He even employs a beefy "driver/body guard" as back up.  His adventures are suspenseful and interesting, and an enticing read, hard to put down.
A must read for any Grisham fan!!!! Read it!!!!
First half of the book felt like a collection of anecdotes, and I wondered whether Grisham was going for a collection of short stories about our Rogue Lawyer.  But then a turn in the third quarter, and a tie-it-all-together fourth quarter, and not a bad book.  Not one of the best, no "legal" thriller but a good story threaded together by the end.
I enjoy reading John Grisham's novels. Rogue Lawyer is yet another very well written story, in good company with the many novels he has written. I enjoy the view that the little guy gets justice while the perpetrators, well, they also get justice. While there were different stories, they were all connected through Sebastian Rudd. Thoroughly enjoyable.
I'm definitely a Grisham fan, (If you aren't, you can take my words with a grain of salt.)<br/>Most of his other lead characters were more good guys against evil. This one is more interesting because he's<br/>not cut from the same mold as his other leads.<br/>He's rough and the edges, but like-able. His interests are more middle class than Yuppie.
After reading almost all Grisham books, and knowing that not all of them have a happy ending, this one left an unfinished business taste, sort of like missing couple chapters! Rudd was a high roller player, risking everything, because why? He really didn't have much and didn't want to commit to the only one truly thing he had, his one and only son!!
This is my first Grisham novel. I know, it's hard to believe. I was immersed in this flawlessly crafted novel. He eloquently creates characters and physical descriptions with intelligent literary language. He crafts plotlines that withstands the test of time. I only wish that Mr. Gresham had done the AUDIBLE narration in that smooth southern accent.
First time in a long time that I've given a Grisham book 5 stars.  Very refreshing endeavor that kept me interested and turning the pages.  Instead of a long, drawn out, boring one plot story, the author has given us many very interesting stories within the story to enjoy.  And I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  A great read and I highly recommend it.
When I first began reading, it was clear that this is different from Grisham's past novels. His writing first hooked me years ago in part because of the author's impeccable descriptions of settings at locales near where I've lived or have visited . This book doesn't dwell on locations  at all - but there's a reason!  The main character, Sebastian Rudd, travels  to various locations, although it could be anywhere, USA,  to consult with his rather unsavory clients, those that no one else is willing to take on.  So at first I thought, "I'm not going to like this" because the absence of description about the locale is glaring, but Grisham's knowledge of the law and descriptions of what seem at first totally "unwinnable" cases will quickly have you turning to the next page, and you'll be hooked. The main character, Sebastian, is all too human, with his quirks and human frailties, but he becomes more likable as the novel progresses.  I found myself hoping that he'll reappear in a future novel. Very appealing overall!
As usual, John Grisham didn't disappoint.
Interesting. fast developments, a good story.
I'm a Grisham groupie, order his books in advance as soon as I learn that they're coming out.  Some are better than others.<br/><br/>This one is a typical Grisham law thriller.  You learn about some areas of the law that you may not have known about--and in this case it's quite interesting.  The main character is a guy who defends accused people who are very much not popular.  So he makes enemies on the judiciary and among the police.  And because he doesn't always get his clients off, he can make enemies among the very characters he's defending, who may threaten to kill him if they are convicted!<br/><br/>He leads a life of constantly being on the alert and accompanied by a bodyguard.  Grisham tells you about a few of his cases that are very interested, and ultimately become intertwined.  The first case is resolved in just 65 pages, a record for Grisham!  But then things go on to become ever more complex.<br/><br/>I liked this book a lot and strongly recommend it.
Slower reading then most of his books. Did get better after about halfway through.
Memorable characters, crisply-written. Gives wonderful insight into the reality of the court/legal system without being preachy.<br/><br/>Essentially several novellas, all of them wonderful reads and with many insights and surprising twists.<br/><br/>I am a great fan of "legal thrillers" and "legal novels." This is a great one.
Grisham does best when he is in pure storytelling mode.  In "Rogue Lawyer" he is constantly pounding the reader on the head with his own political inclinations. A writer's job is to "show--not tell" and Grisham seems to do way too much preaching and not enough story weaving in his latest effort. This is by far not his best work.
Typical John Grisham. Unconventional characters and always a learning experience into the "other side" of the law. I enjoy the way he weaves truth as to the way the system works into his writing and this is no exception. The characters were cleverly developed and as outrageous and unpredictable as ever. I thoroughly enjoyed this read.
i laughed so much at the antics of  sebastian rudd, the lawyer for the down trodden. he fights injustice like a terrier.not afraid of antagonizing anyone, judge, lawmen or a friend.  and he has such a panache! i think this is, perhaps, the best lawyer john grisham has created and no wonder he continues to be the master of legal entertainment.
I liked this book.  It reminded me of the "Lincoln Lawyer".  Well written.  Here's something I noticed - it portrays the police VERY negatively, at a time when many American's are very polarized about the police.  Some (mostly minority) Americans hate the police; and some (mostly white) Americans have elevated the police on pedestals.
Once again John Grisham has written a book that kept me entertained.  It gave a picture of what sometimes goes on in law enforcement and the court system when the powers that be are determined to get a conviction.  I have seen this with a family member, and I know that in some cases, the quest for a conviction outweighs fairness and justice.
Grisham dips a little into Michael Connelly's "Lincoln Lawyer" bag of tricks for his protagonist here, but this attorney works out of cheap motels ans a van because he has taken on so many "dog" cases  he's afraid someone is always after him. This is a good story about an apparent loser that our "Rogue" lawyer wins.
The Rogue Lawyer, I'm sure exists in every major city and probably does a lot behind the scenes.  As noted sometimes the wheels of justice become rusty and blinded by the egos of DA's.  But we all know it's the same racket as the Presidential elections; you really must know you official!  Some try their best but are sometimes overshadowed.
If you like Grisham novels, you will devour this latest one introducing the " Rogue Lawyer." He's a combination of all things Grisham and you learn a lot about the criminal justice system and how it operates. It's many stories in one.<br/><br/>Warning: don't pick up the book if you don't have sufficient time to finish it; it's addictive.
I liked the way he wove several cases throughout the storyline, and enjoyed reading the book- really hated to put it down. The ending was way too abrupt, however; it looked like it was set up to be the first of a series. Too many strings were left untied. If he is writing a series, I hope that he will acknowledge it, and write it quickly!
Grisham used to be great and I eagerly awaited every new book.  Those days seem to be over, and this one is his poorest effort.  Sad, really.<br/><br/>I wish he could get back the quality of story telling portrayed in The Firm.  Rogue Lawyer darts all over the place and is difficult to follow with no real narrative.  Very disappointing.
It's short but good story. I didn't like the end, it left to much unfinished. But I did like it. The lawyer is a good character for one of Mr. Grisham's book if he writes another with his attorney as the main character I'll read it also. I'm a big fan of joggers and this was unusual for him but nevertheless as I said before I am joyed
This was an entertaining book but strong with boasting, sarcasm and cynicism, making the main character unbelievable. The book also moved too quickly through some key areas, leaving out a lot of important details and failing to build an adequate foundation for many of the assertions. It happened enough times to make the reader object.
the rogue attorney was an interesting character, and the book has several interesting "supporting" characters. The story line(s) is/are a bit far-fetched but it is, after all, fiction. I was entertained and if Grisham continues with the rogue, which I expect him to do based on the ending, I'll definitely be ready to read it.
As usual John Grisham writes an excellent novel, this one is no exception.  This however shows a different type of character in very unusual circumstances.  If I were an attorney and I was placed into the situations in this novel I would find another job.  I suppose that some lawyers do work like this one but I do not think I would.
As a retired criminal defense attorney I found Mr Grisham's descriptions of the criminal justice system accurate. This is really a collection of war stories that lawyers have telling each other and those who will listen for years. The stories are fun to hear( and read). This girl s a fast read that non lawyers will find fascinatiny
One of Grisham's best. A real onside look at the courts and the police... It probably won't please many enforcement Officers, but is fact!<br/>The characters and story are well woven together rising to several climaxes.  Fantastic read holding the readers attention from page one...<br/>Highly recommended for all mystery buffs....
Grisham at his best. Except for the last paragraph of the book<br/>in which the main character states something that rings totally false.<br/>Grisham sure does have a bleak and cynical outlook on the<br/>justice system, corrupt prosecutors, police, government officials.<br/>The scary thing is...his cynicism may be appropriate.
Perhaps his best illustration of actual lawyer situations.  Certainly Grisham wants to dispel the television version of lawyers.  His narrative of child custody and criminal defendant situations are realistic.  Read this book and then decide if you want to spend the time and money on law school and then work this type of life.
I enjoy most Grisham books. This one was written in a style which I did not enjoy as much. Some chapters repeated his current situation as if the reader had not read the earlier chapters. He had multiple cases and one would end as another began which was ok, but the underlying story, his life story I felt was left a bit short.
Grisham has continued to produce insightful and relevant depictions of the the legal business and the interaction of defense attorneys and the prosecutors; albiet a somewhat biased view from his legal background. This is another in a long line of interesting characters in legal situations and the depiction of the daily grind,
another fine effort from my favorite legal beagle author.  Fast-paced, chock full of both intrigue, and the "behind-the-scenes" legal machinations that Grisham is so well-known for.  Several stories lines, all interconnected, weave back and forth, keeping the reader fully engrossed.  Keep 'em comin', John!  well done.
If you have worked in the court system you'll be able to say to yourself, "I know a lawyer just like that."  And the description of the characters with those nicknames he's given is also right on and hilarious.  Grisham somehow understands lawyers and the court system. The story is so right on and very unpredictable.
The topic of a rogue lawyer who defends the dregs of society is a good choice for a novel, Grisham style has changed in this book so much I find it distracting. The chapters are very short, some less than half a page and it seems to be a hurried effort on the author's part to complete the work. Not one of his better efforts.
Grisham keeps surprising with a new wrinkle on his wide range of protagonists and settings. It's all good. He does seem to be getting more and more cynical about the American justice system, which is disappointing. But maybe justified. Doesn't detract from the outstanding writing or captivating plot. There's no bad Grisham.
This was a interesting change from Grisham's usually book style where the focus is on a single case.  The perspective changes to that of a lawyer and a number of different cases as well as his life outside the law profession as a "rogue" lawyer.  It was a very good page turner and one I will ultimately read again.
After being very disappointed in Grisham's last book, I was hoping for a better outcome this time around.  I absolutely loved this book.  I loved the main character and the supporting characters as well.  I like how there were multiple story lines.  And I really love that it's left open for more books!  Fantastic read!!
A well written compilation of linked 'short stories' (cases) by a masterful writer. This is a very interesting and entertaining slice of life of a 'rogue' lawyer as he goes through numerous intriguing cases that are artfully woven together. You quickly realize you are refreshingly in the hands of a very talented author.
Although it took a couple of chapters to grab my interest, once it was grabbed I had to keep reading. Since I was completely surprised that the book was ended( hard to tell when reading on IPhone, ) I am very hopeful that his next book will give us more of these main characters, as I had my own name for several of them!
I expected much better from Grisham. As I started reading, the book gave me the distinct impression of the "Lincoln Lawyer". I kept envisioning Matthew McConaughey narrating throughout. Not a bad vision, but I expected more creativity from Grisham. OK book to read if you have nothing else at hand on a rainy day.
this shouldn't even be called a novel, it's more like a few short stories. I really didn't like the format. At one point I thought maybe all the stories would intersect, but they really never did. I'll keep buying his books, ever hopeful for a flashback to his glory days, or even half of his glory days. This wasn't it.
I typically enjoy books like these: smart, fast paced and nice tidy plot line. This one was all over the place,  random characters and plot threads spinning out here and there. It was ultimately enjoyable because the writing is good but a lot of things about the characters and the plot really didn't make sense at all.
Grisham scores yet another winner.  Rogue Lawyer is akin to a book of short stories, yet different as  all of the cases are connected and each one is better and more gripping than the previous one.  I only wish that John Grisham could write twice as fast as he does so I wouldn't have to wait so long for his next book.
Not the typical John Grisham book.  Instead of being about one case throughout the book it is many different cases with some of them having a relationship with another one.  I didn't necessarily like the ending.  It didn't seem complete and maybe there will be a sequel.  But as always, another great John Grisham book.
Disappointing book by one of my favorite writers.  If this book had been written by an unknown author, it would never have been published.  In some ways it reads like a collection of short stories.  Mr. Grisham has given me many hours of pleasure reading his books.  I am sorry I can't look forward to his future books.
Enjoyed this Grisham book. Thought the personalities of the characters were interesting and a little more varied from previous Grisham books. I hope there is follow up - can really see some possibilities with more from the Rogue Lawyer, his Partner, Judith, Starcher and a couple of his currently incarcerated clients.
Or a 4. Grisham is a great writer.  And I like the way he weaves his plots.  This is (obviously) character driven about a basically sleeze ball lawyer. Yeah..thus the title rogue.  No redeeming qualities...he's like a ball of rusted wires with a lot of snagging ends hanging out. So you kinda stay hooked to the story.
Seems to be a few different plots woven together nicely. This is a different format for Grisham.  After what I considered to be a dreadfully slow Grey Mountain, Rogue Lawyer is hopefully the beginning of a series of new books featuring this character. Looking forward to the next chapter in the life of this character.
This might be one of the toughest books I have read in a very long time..Bad lawyers, bad cops, and bad choices for a lot of people, including the innocent..a hard  hitting lawyer that takes on everyone including his own life is just the beginning of this never ending tales of murder, human trafficking and perjury..
The Lincoln lawyer?  I was not happy with this book.  I was left wondering what the ending meant.  Are we in for more rogue lawyer?  It was not a Grisham novel that I am accustom to.  Last book Gray Mountain reminded me of  Erin Brockovitch.  I want a good who done it or at least an exciting edge of your seat trial!
Sebastian Rudd is one of the most interesting characters that John Grisham has created. To put him in several situations and cases shows how the character adapts to different people. I think it's one of Grisham's best and I was was sorry when I reached the end, wanting more of Sebastian Rudd and his motley clients.
Sorry! This book is not what I expect from John Grisham. All of his other books have been so wonderful! I finished it because I always finish books I start and I waited for it to get better but that didn't happen. I guess everyone has a failure once in a while. This book will not cause me to stop reading his books.
I have read all of John Grisham's books, usually on the day they are released if possible. For a time I thought he had written too many books too fast and had lost his edge. I think he has gotten it back. I really like Rudd; I like everything about him. He's hard hitting and fair. Looking forward to the next book.
I found this story to be a radical departure from the normal Grisham books and I've read them all. It was disjointed and lacked the usual rich character development Grisham is famous for creating. It read more like a collection of short stories with a less than satisfactory ending. I liked it but I didn't love it.
Grisham has created a bold and complex character in Sebastian Rudd.  I could not stop reading and I definitely want to read more about this rogue lawyer with such unusual clients to defend.  The format makes it an easy read.  I want more Sebastian Rudd as John Grisham hinted in his interview on CBS Morning News.
I think Mr Grisham has run out of ideas and real passion. If he can't write quality books like The Firm,  Pelican Brief,  ATime to Kill, The Last Juror, etc. he should just teach creative writing or retire. And if he wants to not so subtlety rail against the criminal justice/legal system he should write a blog.
John Grishom is such a good writer! His descriptions of his characters makes them come alive on the page. He balances the excitement, & drama, so  eloquently that the reader can't wait to get to the next page. His works are always new and refreshing. I enjoyed the book thoroughly<br/>and I highly recommend it?
Grisham has been off his game in the last two books; this one rambled and the plot didn't come together until late in the read. It was like three short stories rolled into one and pieced together. The character was too close to the Lincoln lawyer ...I liked it, but definitely not what I want from this author.
This book is up to the John Grisham standard. It's not his very best, but it's a very good, enjoyable read. I was SURE there was going to be a final twist which I would have winced over, but it didn't happen (Doug comes back as a rogue). I was glad about that. JG always keeps you moving along in his stories.
I am great fan of Grisham. He is a story teller par excellence.  But in this case his efforts smack of boredom with the task. He has tried to weave a number of different stories together but instead of providing an interesting pot pourri he ended up with a dog's breakfast which did not do his skills justice.
This book felt like I was reading several short stories. They seemed to come together with a common link. Not the best Grisham book but not the worst. No happy ending. The SWAT team incident almost stands alone and makes a clear statement. Characters are interesting, but book was too much like short stories.
This was a different kind of book for John Grisham. A lot of different stories but seen through the eyes of a lawyer who was involved in all of them. He did a good job of explaining the laws as they applied to the different situations...never dull!  I would definitely recommend this book to any Grisham fan.
Once again Mr. Grisham puts out a great book.  I read approx. 30 books a year and i wish I just started reading his books because I would have such a good time. They are interesting, never slow, surprising and just great to read. Enough said. WELL THANKS MR. Grishman for entertaining my family and me.......
It has been several years since I read a John Grisham book.  (I read anywhere from 1-2 books a week.) It was a real pleasure to read this book.  John is by far my favorite author.  I couldn't wait to see how the story ended but I wanted the book to last forever.  This book as all his other was fantastic.
As always, I can't put down a Grisham book once I get started. This was fun and written in true Grisham style. His critique of a legal system that fails to deliver justice is woven throughout the story and Sebastian Rudd is the latest flawed hero to leave me pulling for him and cringing at the same time.
Unlike some other reviewers, I liked the format of multiple cases in short story format. I think the main character is being developed into a lawyer with both admiral and lacking character traits. I saw an interview where he would like to write more books with this character...I hope so. I love Michael c
Different from the rest of his books there is more depth and character development and a story line that closely reflects what the actual practice of law involves. Some dramatic moments occur which only enhances the readers interest and enjoyment. The novel has a real life feel, and is open to a sequel.
Grisham is at his best when he doesn't have a political axe to grind.  While there is certainly an anti police bias in this book, it is restrained enough that it did not bother me too much.  The character development was good, but the events just a tad over the top.  In any case, I recommend the novel.
I am a long time Grisham fan, have enjoyed everything he has written to date.  That being said, I thought this one was better than his last few releases.  Really liked the main character and the plot lines.  If I had to complain about something, the ending was a bit abrupt.  Highly recommend this one.
Another excellent trip through the dark halls of justice. John Grisham brings his characters to life in quick and easy fashion and keeps the reader thoroughly grounded in the plot, but guessing what's going to happen on the next page just the same. Highly recommended for all Grisham fans! A must read!
Love John Grisham!  One of my favorite authors.  This was different in that there were several stories, not connected really but happening at the same time.  I enjoyed the different way this came together.  Will read his next book, whatever and however it is written as he is always an enjoyable read.
Disappointing read. It was if Grisham "phoned it in". Normally, a big fan of his writing, but we were all over the place on this one. Character development was lacking. Hatred of police was a strong component of the story. It will be awhile before I get suckered in another novel of his doing.
It is a great read.  You can not escape the impression that he has serious issues with certain lawyers, judges, and members of the police, and this is his way of settling scores!  If reading something negative about your local police would offend you, this is not your book.  Still it is a great read.
I always enjoy John Grisham's books!  This one was no exception.  Several different story lines, but still connected.  Some courtroom drama, some behind-the-scenes drama, personal and family drama, and some interesting characters on both sides of the law.  A good read, and I was sorry when it ended.
another real good read by grisham; well written, story moved along very well, hard book to put down; only negative was i did not particularly like the ending but given the events leading up to it, do not see how it could have ended much differently; i enjoyed the story very much; good job by grisham
Grisham writes about how unfair the legal system is to everyone. This might be true, but Grisham is now unfair to his faithful readers. Lots of twists, but few turns in this disappointing book. We expect the best from Grisham, but don't receive it in Rogue Lawyer. Grisham has become a rogue author.
I like the multiple plot lines. I do not like that they read like short stories. I've been reading Grisham for decades. Never missed a book and bought most the first day available. If The Firm is a 10. This is a 6 on the Brush,,m scale. A 9 on a scale of all books. You will enjoy the read. I did.
I hope sometime in the future he writes another book lawyers Rudd and his helper Partner,  at first I thought it was going to be a different case each chapter but a few different cases  as the story goes on worked in, I am not giving this book the justice it deserves,  excellent job  Mr. Grisham
Very good Grisham novel.  Ended abruptly, but I heard Mr. Grisham say in an interview many of the characters in this book will appear in coming novels.  As usual, many current issues were touched upon such as the death penalty, human trafficking, and a person being innocent until proven guilty.
Although I enjoyed this read, it simply wasn't up to my expectations.  I will continue to anticipate Grisham novels and he remains one of my favorite authors.  However, Rogue Lawyer was surprisingly predictable, and lacked the creativity and story line complexity I have come to expect and love.
Good book that I read in three sittings but the plot was not as well developed as some of Grisham's earlier novels. It had had the feel of "The Lincoln Lawyer" novels but this lawyer's office was a black van with a former client driving instead of a Lincoln with a former client driving.
I did not care for it because it was not a book for me to read, and certainly did not liked the language. Being a woman it was not to liking I really think it was written for men. I read almost every book he wrote but not this one, I was disappointed, but thats just me. I can't judge the book.
Grisham is one of my favorite authors and he never disappoints. Rogue lawyer is no exception. A fast read but compelling cases handled by , as you can guess by the title, a non-typical lawyer. Grisham's terse prose works well to move the book along. Enjoyable. Would make an interesting movie..
When I read The Firm years ago, I was astounded at the rapid pace of action and had to read it a second time in order to fix in my mind what was happening when and with whom. I loved it. But there was a prior book, A Time To Kill, that was hard to find anywhere, and I resolutely set out to dig it up so that I could see how my new favorite author's writing had "improved" or whether any change had more to do with sophistication of story lines. Little did I know that I would become so enamored with A Time To Kill that I would read every book written by John Grisham and see all the films made from his books, repeatedly in fact. Why? What is it about this man's writing that has captured my devotion so firmly? You might say it's the characters. They are certainly fascinating, from a little boy chased by killers to a young lawyer who goes to work for a corrupt firm to....well, to a rogue lawyer.<br/><br/>Well, Rogue Lawyer is different, isn't it? It is written with the voice of the protagonist himself, not with the polished style of Mr. Grisham. What an amazing shift in perspective! I immediately fell in love with the story although the lead man himself certainly had his flaws. However, our protagonist in Rogue Lawyer has idealism...sort of...and he is unquestioningly bent on justice, not as it is practiced but the ideal of "justice for all". I love the man for that. And as long as John Grisham continues to write stories that point out how the legal profession and American Justice are off track, I will continue to admire and sing praises for Mr. Grisham's brilliance in casting stories and characters that bring these factors into our minds for it is up to us as voters to change the laws that need to be addressed. As a writer, Mr. Grisham is clearly a crusader of note. No, he'll say, he's just a story writer. He'll be right to say so but the emotional impact of what he writes is still that of a crusader.
Well... Typical John Grisham, entertaining. However it felt like a spin off of The Lincoln Lawyer, the movie. Personally I like the book to revolve around one story and this one, is one story about a layer, but all these different cases that may or may not be related. It is a good beach book.
A good read for me--totally get how frustrated Grisham is with our 'justice' system. Sometimes it was a bit heavy-handed, I thought, but who would know better than he?<br/>Not the best John Grisham but totally welcomed in my reading realm. (fyi: Michael Connelly is another favorite of mine.)
just kept getting better to the finish
I love John Grisham, but did not particularly care for this one.  It was written well, as all the others were, but I think a character needs to have some redeeming qualities to love him, and I didn't feel this one did.  Also, John abruptly ended the story; never a good thing in my opinion.
Interesting and likeable main character. Several interesting cases woven into one good story. Looking for a sequel to this book. I hope Sebastian Rudd is good for at least one more follow up book. He is an interesting and likeable character and I would enjoy reading more of his adventures.
He sure was good when he started. I was burned by some of his books and stayed away but decided to give this a chance. Sorry I did. Rambles. Still trying to make the book a personal statement rather than a good story. Now about the only thing entertaining is his kid lawyer series. Too bad.
This was not the best John Grisham book.  I did not like the different stories within the book.  I think it would have been better to stay with one story and develop it more.  I struggled to finish it, but did finish it and would not be recommending it for someone looking for a good read.
For Grisham fans, this book has all the usual elements - fast moving legal drama, complicated relationship with law enforcement, multifaceted and slightly troubled attorney, skimpy love interest, etc.  It was good, not great.  Really liked Gray Mountain and was hoping for more from this.
Pretty good book, though far from Grisham's best. It's more of a rambling narrative, with a lame ending. It's obvious that he was tired of this novel, and ready to move on to his next project.<br/><br/>Anybody who gave this book 5 stars simply has low standards when it comes to novels.
John Grisham is at his best when he is writing about all things LAW. I liked this novel, in that he didn't take on one large legal case from start to finish, but mixed it up with several cases. That's a nice change & adds some variety. As always, Grisham is witty & knows his legal stuff.
Certainly not on a par with The Firm and others but the story moved along and kept the reader's interest.  The amount of character development on the main character and his immediate circle leads on to believe there will likely be a series of some length (short or longer) involving them.
I enjoyed "Rogue Lawyer".  Although it is about a lawyer who represents the "bad" guys, he does it in his own way which is not always by "the book." It is enjoyable to read how he handles these cases.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys books about lawyers.
Another novel that does not really end and leaves a starting point for a sequel.Why would he skip town and leave a biological son, great girlfriend and loyal bodyguard behind and state he is never coming back Seems to be a trend among authors these days. I want a story to end at the end.
I agree that this was not my favorite among Grisham's novels. The book read like a series of short-stories that were interwoven into one novel.. I did not like this style.  My only other criticism is that the book started out slow.. if it wasn't a Grisham novel I would have set it aside.
Terrific new character and story line from an always excellent author. Hope this continues as a series. Grisham's ending certainly set up a sequel that could go in many different directions. I have enjoyed all of his books very much, but this is definitely his best story and work so far!
Not one of his best. I had a difficult time staying engaged which seems to be the issue for me with his last few books. Sad because I am a devoted fan and although he's had a few tough reads I'm sure I will jump on his next book as fast as I did his last couple, he's still my favorite.
Interesting character set but not enough meat on the bones. Things needed fleshing out to make the story more interesting and believable. I assume Grishom uses some stream of truth in his storytelling and find it somewhat disheartening to think that the legal system can be so corrupt.
This is not a novel. It's a mess of short stories without definitive endings thrown together. There are some continuing characters meant to add cohesion, but they are all either boring, unlikable cardboard cutouts. Definitely not the classic legal thriller Grisham fans are hoping for.
Not the usual writing of John Grisham, but still very good. Great characters ... And there were so many of them!  He always does a great job!  I do appreciate his "clean" language. Think he said one time that he would want his grandmother to read his books and not be offended.
I buy the new John Grisham book every year the day it's released. Rogue Lawyer was very good keeping me interested with every page turn.  Mr. Grisham has a wonderful talent of developing his characters and putting a great story together. I only wish he'd release more books more often.
This was one of Grisham's best efforts in the last few years.  The main character reminds me of Michael Connelly's "Lincoln Lawyer but with a different clientele.  I found it very entertaining and a fun read.  If you are a John Grisham fan, this book will not fail to please you.
I always look forward to the new Grisham book every year. This one was a little slow most of the time and actually seemed shorter than most of his books. Seems like the ereaders have shortened books or I am reading them faster.I hope he gives us a new complicated suspense next year.
As usual, it's another great book, as all of his are.  My favorite author, and I never can wait for his next one.  This one was different, but just as great.  It tells about several different cases by this one rogue lawyer.  Believable and different and I can't put it down for long.
As a courtroom attorney I especially enjoyed this book.  Read as if Grisham were writing about my local courthouse and legal cases.  There is only one character that I would have liked to have seen more fully developed.  Reads more like the older Grisham novels.  Thoroughly enjoyed.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I liked the way it was presented...stories within stories.  Something a little different.  I wanted to take my time and read it slow but was unable to.  I had to get to the end.  A good read....highly recommend particularly if you are a Grisham fan.
I've read all but one (Calico Jack )of Grisham's books, and they are always engrossing. Rogue Lawyer is written with a harder edge, with a protagonist who might be a good guy, but he is definitely not a nice guy. This makes the arc of the book harder to predict, and thus more fun.
Grisham is tired of bad cops and bad prosecuters and bad judges.  So am I, but that isn't why I buy novels. This is a bunch of interesting short stories, but not a novel and not worth the time or money. It pains me to say this because I have enjoyed Grisham's books over the years.
Rogue Lawyer is another excellent story by John Grisham. It was a real page Turner and I found it impossible to put down. He could easily have kept telling more of Sebatian Rudd's story  I sincerely hope that the author will write additional books in a series with this character.
Good....but not great.<br/><br/>An enjoyable and engrossing read....but ultimately not very satisfying. Too many loose ends left for any sort of closure and too much feeling that we're just being set up for a sequel.<br/><br/>I expect better treatment from a top notch author.
Grisham has been a favorite author of mine since his first book.  But he out did himself with Rogue Lawyer.  I could not believe when it ended.  I think I wanted it to go on and on.  I just loved his main character.  Hope there are more books like this one.  What a page turner!
The main character in this book has his law office in a big SUV.  This idea was well done in another's authors book.  Not original.  The book was good but episodic--not one story. I've read everything Grisham has written. But this one makes me question the basis for my loyalty.
This is a series of lawyers' urban myths gathered from watering holes; non-original short stories looped together to form a novel.  This has the tracks of Publisher's Greed all over it.  John: take a break from the trade and when your muse descends give us a real (good) novel.
I agree with other reviewers that it seemed like a group of short stories found a home in "Rogue Lawyer".  The book was good and okay but usually his books are great and excellent.  At times while reading the book I felt that I had read it before,  almost like an echo.
I think John Grisham has found an anti typical out of the ordinary hero to use in his novels. Not since Lee Child's Jack Reacher, have I liked anyone better...which by the way, I've read each of his Jack Reacher novels three times. You keep this up, Mr John Grisham. 😆👍🏼👍🏼
Every bit as good as John Connelly's LINCOLN LAWER series; in fact, homage paid in the novel by John Grisham as his protagonist, Sebastian, settles in to read some of his favorite authors like James Lee Burke and John Connelly.  Couldn't put it down, read late into the night.
Grisham is a terrific story teller. His pace, descriptions and plot lines always make for an enjoyable read. In this book, however, the constant negativism of just about everyone and everything came off as smug and immature. And that is beneath an author of Grisham's caliber.
I'll start by saying that John Grisham is one of my favorite authors. As usual, I was not at all disappointed by this latest novel. I liked the character and plot development and the crossovers between the individual cases. Wouldn't mind seeing this continued to another book.
John Grisham writes in a way that keeps you on edge and wanting to keep on reading until the last page.  My complaint is that the story is rather too long and sometimes you feel that the lawyer is bragging and that law and order is not about making agreements with the police
I think I've read everything Grisham wrote and have consistently given him 5 stars.  This is, in my opinion the weakest novel he's ever done.  It's good; but I would certainly not rate it GREAT like I have many of his other books.  -- From a Grisham fan of the highest order.
This is a really good book. I am a big Grisham fan and this did not disappoint. Sebastian Rudd is not your typical lawyer, kind of shady, full of ego but with a heart and ultimately tries to do what is right. The characters were great and the book was exciting. A quick read.
This is a good read but not the suspenseful, roller coaster rush to the ending that is typical of John Grisham's novels. And the ending is very abrupt - not my favorite type of ending at all. There are more clients and story lines than usual . This is much more like a Connelly book and not John Grisham's usual style.
Sebastian Rudd you either like him or hate him. This is a compilation of shows stories. The stories intertwine around a set of criminals that no other lawyer would want to defend. The stories and characters are believable and intense. The ending will leave you wanting more.
I wasn't sure I liked it at first.  Then I loved the way John morphed all the cases together.  Great, fast read.  Being a court reporter myself, although freelance, I appreciate that he includes us in all his books.  Only criticism,  there are many MALE reporters out there.
Sebastian Rudd is lawyer who works out of his van sort of.  This is about several of his clients.  It kept my interest.<br/><br/>Swearing maybe none to mild<br/><br/>The narrator Mark Deakins was excellent. Good interpretations and good equipment - no breathing noises.
As a huge John Grisham fan for years I was disapointed in this thrown together book, many times just scanning pages  to get to end. Felt like it was an obligation write to keep publishers happy. Certainly looking forward to next book with the old John Grisham style back..
Seldom does Grisham disappoint but this book is a disappointment start to finish.  It read like an outline for abandoned short stories.  The characters were not appealing nor believable.  The main character was too negative, always negative.  Boo.  Who needs to read that!
The social commentary is front and center in this excellent novel. The media, politics, and so called... law and order, are skewered by the Rogue. But best of all is the writing style. John Grisham used just the right length paragraphs for me. (I notice things like that.)
Disjointed story of a tough lawyer. Didn't quite all hang together in a meaningful way.  I found some of the plot lines introduced with no integration and while interesting they didn't make me care as they should have.  The book was a good read but not well put together.
Grisham has written this as a standalone, but I'm hoping there will be more featuring Sebastian Rudd. There were several unconventional cases, a good backstory, and the opportunity for followthrough. Another great sorbet from an author who always seems to deliver for me.
The plot offers a sad commentary on not only our judicial system, but also society in general. The violence is disturbing, as is the rampant corruption. I enjoy Grisham's books, but I'm sorry I reread this one, as it will be with me for a while for all the wrong reasons.
As an attorney who has never practiced in the arena described, I found the book to be well written, giving some great introspective, and it was fairly believable although I thought that the representation of the police as being basically dishonest may have been overdone.
This story is so different from John geisha so books.  Different stories about the lawyers cases, not sure at first where the story was heading,and the ending left you hanging.  Please go back to the wonderful stories that have made you my favorite author,not so much now
Another good read from mr. Grisham.
I liked the story very much.  It kept me interested.  The ending was disappointing. You didn't know whether or not he returns to the same life he has led - or starts a new beginning (which seems at this point not to be).  I expected more from Grisham than this.  Sorry.
I read a few reviews that (amongst other good reviews) weren't very good.  One reviewer called it a Lincoln Lawyer copy.  While I can see the similarities, it is a unique enough story and character that I thoroughly enjoyed this yarn.  Grisham ended the book well, too.
I am disappointed in this the newest Grisham Novel.  The book seemed a bit disjointed to me.  Several other reviews commented that it is like a book of short stories - and this is true.  I felt no connection to any of the characters which is unusual for a Grisham book.
Well, Grisham has written sooooo many rogue lawyer novels - and it shows. He still has the cachet to pull you into the story, but they are all short, truncated, and unexplored. Feels like he is doing it just after breakfast to keep himself busy. Anyone for free lunch?
It was readable but compared to the rest of Grisham's books only three stars.  Rudd is uneven.  As  rogue lawyer, he is supposed to be ruthless, but by the end he seems very meek.  It's a shame; it's almost as if Grisham wrote it just to make some money off his fame.
John Grisham's newest book gives life to new characters in weaving a tale of a lawyer and sidekick who take us on a journey using unconventional methods to solve crimes.<br/>I have read most all of Grisham's work and I think this was even better than Gray Mountain.
I have mixed emotions about this book.  I don't think I needed to know all the gory details of the life the Rogue Lawyer proposed to live.  But, as always, I found it hard to put the book down.  I just have to wonder how the criminal justice system is going like it.
Couldn't put it down and read it less than 24 hours.  Slightly different from his normal legal novels as there were several different cases with some going on at the same time.  What linked them together was the main character which was narrated in the first person.
An interesting look into the rogue side of the law.  No matter what style Grisham uses he has a way of keeping the intrigue high.  Hard to put down until you know how it ends. The first segment leaves you wondering what kind of book this will be.  Recommended!!!!!!!
I have read all of John Gresham books I am disappointed i do not think this one was up to his ability.if he writes another book I hope it is<br/><br/>Up to his past wonderful moving and what will happen next book. I sure would have to think he has lost his touch.
Wow!  I really enjoyed this book. Sebastian wasn't exactly an endearing character because of his shady behavior but nevertheless I was thoroughly engaged in this book from start to finish.  It was over before I knew it.  Can't wait for his next book!  Chris Pilgrim
I often like this authors books – but not always. In particular, this book consistently provides a negative and often derogatory impression about police officers. I don't like that and decided not to finish book.  Probably will not buy another book by this author
I loved this tale of an irreverent attorney who deals with the worst of the worst and somehow seems to succeed.  The plot twists furiously, and I could seldom keep up with the multiple cases and situations.  He's morally a good guy, but always keeps you guessing.
Not the type of book one expects from Grisham. But what starts as what the reader believes is just a collection of short novellas the book becomes an interesting twist of events which suddenly becomes an interesting story. I'm my opinion not Grisham at his best.
A bit of a slow start. I almost thought this was going to be a collection of short stories. By the third section of the book, however, the author pulls it all together and the story comes more compelling. Very enjoyable. Just stick it out for the first 50 pages.
As an avid Grisham fan, I look forward to each new release.  This one was not among his best work. The characters seem almost flat and the plot formulaic and in places events occur that are highly unlikely. Still love him but this is a short story called a book.
I couldn't put this book (kindle) down.  Because he was a rogue lawyer you never knew what was going to happen next. Which one of his cases would come back to haunt him. Just when you thought one story was over, it came back.  A very good read!<br/>Liz Cullison
If Grisham actually wrote this book, he phoned it in. And did so after blatantly ripping off Michael Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer. His last book was a joke, too. I loved the guy's earlier work. It's almost as if he's not doing the writing. Seriously. Makes me sad.
I love John Grisham and read all his books.  I wished he'd write faster :).  This wasn't one of his typical books.  It was hard for me to follow all the different story lines partly because I didn't expect them.  In my opinion, it wasn't one of his best books.
Sebastian Rudd proves that a good lawyer can work as well or better from the street than some others do from a fancy office. Can a guilty client escape from his cell just minutes before his execution? Read John Grisholm's "Rogue Lawyer," and be amazed.
I am a real John Grisham fan  but this was not as good as most of his books. Characters are not developed enough for you to really get into the story.  Story is not about any character you would want to meet.  An awful look at the life of one defense attorney.
I have read all of Grisham's books and this one disappointed me.  his main character was not sympathetic. There was no real plot and no real closing. I'm wondering if Mr. Greshim dutifully wrote his yearly novel just to satisfy his contract with his publisher.
Think I have read most of his books, but this one seemed to me different and lacked some of his usual ability to keep me really interested and glued to the book.  That said, he is a great writer, and needless to say finished the book, waiting for his next one.
Very disappointing  Book doesn't flow--disjointed.  Reminded me of a few "short stories" that were strung together.  At times engaging but a far, and unfortunate, departure from Grisham.  I will review his next books more thoroughly prior to purchase.
Writing is what you would typically expect from Grisham. However,the title belies the content. Rudd has a wonderlust but he does everything that the legal profession expects him to do. So he is no "Rogue" which is defined as "dangerous"....
I loved this book because it shows us about over-zealous prosecutors who want to "win" so much, they'll convict an innocent man.  The U.S.  Is first realizing the number of people put in prison wrongly.  Wonder if lawyers and judges care at all about this.
John Grisham cannot be beat for writing a great story and making you feel like you are there in the courtroom. However, with this book , I did not feel an affinity for the main character.  Still, the book was an excellent read and he is a talented writer.
I wish Grisham would go back to writing courtroom thrillers. This book seemed thrown together and not typical of Grisham's writing. I did not enjoy Gray Mountain for the same reasons and was hoping that this book would be better, I was sadly disappointed.
Yet again John Grisham has kept me up all night.  unable to put the Rogue Lawyer down I couldn't wait to find out how Sebastian was going g to get the next gutter creep off and stay alive at the same time.  Tell me there's a Rogue Lawyer 2 in the works!!!
The plot reminded me of the Lincoln lawyer, operating an office out of your transportation.  Plot was a little disjointed & hard to follow.  It read more like a diary than a story.  I am a big fan of Grisham books but felt this one wasn't up to his best.
Vey disappointed in the ending of this book. It left a reader hanging with no closure. I was not thrilled with the story line and somewhat disappointed. I love all of John Grisham's books and probably his biggest fan. This was not the same as his others.
I dont think I need a lot of detail on this- I'll just say pretty middle of the road for Grisham- all of his books run 2-5 stars for me, so I guess a 3 1/2 is appropriate for this book.  But, average for him is better than a lot of the others out there.
At first I thought it was a bunch of short stories, but it came together well. The character was great and his side interests, (cage fighting, dating his kid's teacher, etc.) made it really interesting. Hopefully Grisham will write some more about Rudd.
This the best John Grisham I've read in a long time. I liked the way the segments were divided. It was an exciting, fun and fast read. I hope there's a sequel. Sebastian Rudd was a great character. He was something different which is always interesting.
Grisham's disdain for law enforcement was on full display.  It's always good to have at least one character with some redeeming qualities.  Decent read, but not his best by a long shot and he would be well served to keep the liberal politics to himself.
The "Rogue Lawyer" depicted someone with sense of morality but is willing to use unethical means to attain this morality. The story line bogged down on some occasions. The plot, however, maintained a steady cadence until the books conclusion. T
Midway thru the first chapter I thought "damn this book is depressing". After a few more pages I began to understand the characters better and then I settled in for a good read. These stories could go on forever and I would read every last one of them.
Had to stay with it until the end. Kind of a sad commentary on our judicial system and corruption in our law enforcement agencies. Grisham has developed a new hero or anti-hero depending on your outlook. I expect we will visit with him in future books.
Did Grisham write this book to make money?  It's not a novel, just a collection of stories with the same central character.  As a lawyer, I found the subject matter interesting enough to keep reading, but it's nowhere near the level of his best books.
A very good read.  We thought it one of the best books Grisham has written.  We enjoyed the lightheartedness of the stories and the<br/>"Rogue Lawyer" was very interesting, good collection of stories.  I would definitely recommend this book!
This is a new slant from John Grisham - the criminal defense attorney.  I didn't really like him, but he comes off as a more moral character than the police force and the prosecutor of the town.  It is page turning writing, as per usual John Grisham.
This is the worst Grisham book that I have read. The storylines are totally impossible and even if you like total fiction this is way out there in terms of fiction. This book is hard to follow it jumps from story to story. Just didn't like the book
I enjoyed the book as a way to kill time on flights. It sure seems like the Lincoln Lawyer with a van, though, all the way down to the kid caught in a fight between divorced parents.  I still enjoyed it and would read another if there is a sequel.
A different book for Grisham.  Seems to be several short stories about a tough defense laywer, but they are really tied together.. A very good book, (better than Gray Mountain).  The ending was abrupt and disappointing though.  But I recomend it.
A good predicable book - Grisham is steady! The usual unexpected twists! Always an interesting and different angle/perspective about the legal profession!  Another easy, quick and enjoyable book. Would be a great book to read on a beach vacation,
Good page turner.  Did not know it was somewhat like short stories .  Grisham books certainly have ( in my opinion ) gone 'downhill' & I have read them all.  First to TIME TO KILL & THE FIRM were his best.  This is a good book to read on a plane
This is the first protagonist of a Grisham novel who I did not like.  He is a selfish, thoughtless, attention-hound who is a careless father but a good lawyer.  This was a fast-paced book and I did enjoy the separation of the different stories.
Great read!!! I loved the characterizations in this novel. The action moved quickly and the legal aspects were never boring. I would recommend this book as great weekend/vacation read as the story is so good you don't want to put the book down.
I am a Grisham fan and always enjoy reading his books.... some more than others. I enjoy his writing style and always learn something from each, whether about the law or our society and criminal world in general. This book was not an exception.
It was a fantastic read.  As the story progressed, there were many surprises.  I was very impressed with the way current events were woven into the book.  I would recommend this to anyone who loves a good mystery, with lots of twists and turns.
Grisham does it again.  It's a great book with just the right characters committing just the right crimes and a great lawyer defending them and himself.  It all ends too quickly, I could've kept reading for days.  I can't wait for the next one!
Would not want to offend Mr. Grisham, however this was a disappointment. I've read all his books and enjoyed them, didn't want to put them down.  This new release was slow going.  I gave up after four<br/>days , just couldn't get through it.
Given the book's title, the main character represented a lot of unsavory clients.  The storyline moved quickly from one set of characters to others.  I thought it was a very good book but not up to past novels which stuck with one basic plot.
The format of The Rogue Lawyer is quite unique. Each case is divided into its own book and is defended in its own style. John Grisham has done it again with interesting stories and characters. I hope he writes more books about Sebastian Rudd.
Not as complex or compelling as so many of his past works. This piece feels more like a series of vignettes each an outline of a more full treatment to come. Nor does the story line leave much room for its main character to appear again.
An ok read with a set of interwoven stories to explore the primary character.  Not sure I like the style ir the character, but it kept my attention as Grisham does.  I am intrigued to read the next book, which I hope is a singular story.
Once again, Grisham presents an excellent character, Sebastian Rudd. The character developments are expertly accomplished. Several vignettes carry you all through a story line that grasps your attention and holds it throughout.  Read it!
Good story with Grisham's wonderful wry humor displayed throughout the book. Unfortunately, the telling of the story was choppy, and the abrupt ending left you wondering if the author ran out of things to say and simply decided to stop.
Great stories written with Grisham's wonderful sense of humor and vocabulary. The book got better and better towards the end, though somewhere in the middle there were some boring passages. Otherwise would have given a five star rating.
Another great read from a great author. The way he develops characters and the way they act and react is unsurpassed. Grisham keeps the legal jargon to a minimum which also contributes to a great novel. Can't wait to read the next one.
My least favorite Grisham novel ever.  There were moments when I wondered if he actually wrote it or if there's another author named John Grisham.  Story was disjointed and character could have been more developed.  I was disappointed.
It was nice for a change to have the main character, Sam Rudd. not be what is commonly called "a suit".  It was very easy to visualize  him with a pony tail, etc., and the trials and tribulations of a criminal defense attorney.
I kept waiting for the same suspense, craft, and intrigue as every previous Grisham book. The first half of this one had random character pieces. Half way through it felt like the story finally began but it was brief and anticlimactic.
Still a great writer in this genre. however earlier novels were better, especially a "Time to Kill" and "The Pelican Brief".  I prefer the lighter, more down to earth characters. Otherwise, worth reading--likeable. UPER
Grisham has another winner. Interesting from the first chapter, the main character is a straightforward, somewhat ruthless but likable lawyer. The plots are artfully built then intertwined into an entertaining story. Keep them coming!
The concept of this book was fascinating. the main character is quite a character well developed and interesting from page to page. I read this book in about 1 1/2 weeks. It was an easy read that kept me engaged from start to finish.
I suppose there will be a sequel to this book. Can't see it ending there. I have to admit that the beginning was depressing. We all know weird things go on while looking for justice, but this made it sound like nothing is ever legit.
Loved it. At first thought it was just interesting short stories. But in his inimitable style, Grisham weaves it all together at the end. If you are a Grisham  junkie - or not - you will love Rogue Lawyer.<br/><br/>Wendy Stebbins
I have read all of Grisham's lawyer books which were not made into movies.  This has to be his least interesting.  At first it appeared to me it was put together from several short stories.  The chemistry just was not there for me.
Another fantastic Grisham. I loved this book. The main character is likable, and the story line engaging. I wouldn't rate it as high as some of his others like the Client, Pelican Brief, etc...but definitely a good, gripping read.
Enjoyable Grisham. It reminds me a bit of The Last Juror in that it has a "slice of life" quality to it.<br/><br/>With this one the author is really wearing his heart on his sleeve, politically speaking, but I kind of like that.
It's not a classic Grisham book or story, but a series of experiences the lawyer has had, or is having, throughout his career. If you are a lawyer you may like it, as I could relate to it. But it is not one of his better stories.
From the prosecution's viewpoint, I've  known lawyers  who fit this profile. I feel  as though I have lived this book. It's  entertaining and chilling. Grisham steps out of  his safe space with this book. It's a  worthwhile read.
I like all Grisham's novels. Rogue Lawyers most probably don't exist anymore in this country, which is a shame. The book is fast pacing and, like all Grisham's books is hard to put it away. Waiting for the next one. Thanks, John.
I felt the ending was abrupt leaving some loose ends. It was as if Grisham planned on making a series of books. If this isn't part of a series, then a more nuanced ending would have been a more satisfying wrap of the plot lines.
I've never been a big Grisham fan. I found most of his early works to be too formulaic.  However, this was very well written and I enjoyed reading it. I definitely think that Grisham has matured as a storyteller. I recommend it.
Another compelling novel by John Grisham.  Sebastian Rudd is his newest principle character, intriguing hard as nails and definitely smarter than prosecutors. His defendants are interesting ranging from innocent to crime bosses.
I found this to be a thoroughly entertaining book.  I'd just finished two non-fiction tomes on psychopathy, and this was a well-plotted change of pace.  I hope we see more of Sebastian Rudd; I think Grisham has a winner in him.
This is clearly a Grisham novel. He has a good ( actually,several) story line and good character development. Then, it suddenly is over. An entertaining novel which leaves multiple avenues open for a sequel. I'll read it also.
Most of his lawyers are clean cut do gooders. Sebastian is a nice change. Everyone deserves a good defense, but it is interesting to see how that cause and effect of the underbelly of society creates chaos in the lawyers life.
Love his books , great author
It kept me reading. It's almost comical how many detectives and lawyers have wrecked lives,their wives left them to become a lesbian. The cases themselves were interesting and going in enough directions to keep me interested.
A little disappointed because it is not your typical Gresham book with a great ending.  His last two books gives you the impression that there are sequels in the future<br/><br/>A little disappointed not<br/><br/>Charris
Another very good read from John Grisham!  Not a great read but a very good read.  Great pace, good stories--plots, and also some enlightening information about our judicial system in the US--or at least in a southern state.
Interesting in parts but, pretty feeble overall.  I think Mr. Grisham was just going through the motions.  Fortunately, Mr. Grisham is such a talented writer that even his half-hearted efforts make for a decent read.
Once again John Grisham has written a story worth reading. Not as good as some of his work - but worth your while. At first his "cop bashing" is a bit off putting but then I realized It was part of the story.
John Grisham just gets better with age. I thoroughly enjoyed this book and hope he turns it into a new series. I liked the storyline and the writing, it seems different from all the novels he has written in the past.
I really liked the story - believable characters and no shortage of action. Some reviewers objected to the "collection of short stories" format but I thought it all tied together well. A most satisfying read.
As usual I couldn't put this latest John Grisham novel down.  I love reading about lawyers, their various clients and all the adventures they have.  A few twists and turns in the plot always make it very interesting.
Chapter 1. I've loved many of John Grisham's books. This is not one of them. Chapter 2. This is one of the four or five worst books I have ever read in my life. Chapter 3. Where to begin? Very short chapters; shallow, almost non-existend dialog; the characters aren't even cardbord, they're lightly painted on the page in water soluable paint. Grisham creates several preposterous strawman plots for his lousy lawyer protagonist to knock down if he can. He mostly succeeds; to say more would spoil the -- and I  use the term loosely -- plot. Comic book courtroom scenes, with all due apologies to commicbooks. Michael Connelley and others have written much much better, more engaging books and series about lawyers who are tough, smart and  skirt the edge of legal ethics. The Audible performance was excellent. It's a shame the narrator's talents were wasted on this "book". The only reason I didn't delete this book before finishing it is that I was morbidly curious to see just how bad this book would turn out to be. I wasn't disappointed.  Do not, under any circumstances, buy this book. In fact, if a friend gives you this book, don't read it. This isn't a "beach book"; this is a "throw this book in the ocean" book.
Just a little to much anti police message for me.  Sounded pretty liberal and that bothered me.  We all need to be grateful to all law enforcement officers.  Bad ones need to go and we need to support the good ones.
WHEN I FIRST STARTED THE BOOK I WAS DISAPPOINTED. THOUGHT THEY WERE ALL SHORT STORIES, BUT THEN REALIZED IT WAS ALL COMING TOGETHER. MAY READ AGAIN TO SEE HOW IT FINALLY BLENDED. BUT I STILL REALLY LOKE HIS WRITING.
This has been one of the best novels that he's written. Sebastian Rudd is fantastic.  What a page turner. I could not put this book down. John - you HAVE to consider writing a series with the Rogue Lawyer. Please???
For the first time a Grisham book didn't flow for me. The first third of the book seemed disjointed. While it eventually came together the book also lacked the twists and turns I've come to expect from John Grisham.
Enjoyable but I think this is basically a series of short stories in the life of a unconventional attorney. One ending was  really off the chain. I recommend if you enjoy the author, newcomers might not get it.
Always . . . after reading a John Grisham books I want more and always want a Part II of many of his books.  I would like to see Part II of Gray Mountain and Rouge Lawyer.  Hopefully he is working on them now.
For better or worse, I watched John Grisham doing a TV interview, where he discussed thinking this could be a book that could be a TV or Cable series. Yep. Evident from short stories telling, narrative etc....
A most enjoyable read. The plot is a little different, there are a number of connecting and overlapping plots I suspect there will be a series to follow and I look forward to the development of the characters.
Grisham has written some very good books, and I've read them all.  This was a waste of time.  Every law enforcer and public servant was painted to be a corrupt idiot. It was a disservice to all who protect us.
It was in true Grisham form...story flowed easily but kept the readers attention...hard to put down ! If you like courtroom proceedings and stories that twist and turn,  Rogue Lawyer should be your next read.
This is one of his best! The variation of "cases" and situations kept me enthralled through the whole book. I call this a "bad" book, because I put off other things I need to be doing to read.
Great Novel. Was wondering how John Grisham could write about another aspect of being a lawyer. He nailed it! The story seems very realistic and is very interesting to read. Of course, I'm also a Grisham fan.
Read the entire book but it was a struggle to finish. I guess it was well written but the characters, especially the Rogue Lawyer himself, did not measure up to Grisham's normally very interesting characters.
Short ,punchy , rough episodes that keep you swiping pages on and on. It's fiction but while reading seems all so real. He is getting better by the years and the brevity of the stories make you look for more.
Sorry  but Sycamore Row was John Grisham last good book. Gray Mountain was a boring book and this one is nothing but a lawyer rambling about his cases. No rhythm or Suspense at all. Severely wasted my credit.
It was a little rougher than I like.  I usually find his books clean and easy to read for the most part.  This one was a little rough.  Or maybe just the subject matter made it that way.  Interesting though.
This book was a different and somewhat strange one.  I really don't know how well I liked it.<br/>I kept reading hoping it would get better.  All I can say, my opinion, is that Grisham has<br/>done better.
As with every book Mr. Grisham has written, this one was excellent and hard to put down.  I hope this is the beginning of a series of books about the rogue lawyer.  I can't wait to read more about his cases.
Of its kind, it was one of the best books I've read.  I loved his character and his sense of humor in what is quite a dark life full of corruption.  It was full of suspense--a real page turner.  Lynne Clarke
I am a fan of John Grisham but I did not like the fact that he used the same idea of a criminal lawyer operating out of a car/van as in the story concept of "Lincoln Lawyer" also one of my favorites.
I am so glad John Grisham has gone back to writing legal thrillers; he excels in this genre! Although at times this book might read like a collection of different cases handled by Rudd, they tie together ..
Entertaining book but certainly not one of Grisham's best.  It some respects it is similar to Gray Mountain, where it simply ends.  There is really no set conclusion to the book, which is very frustrating.
I love John Grisham's writing and this was a good read a character you disliked throughout the book. The vignettes in the book were all compelling and thought provoking. I enjoyed it as I do all his books.
No one writes Lawyering" like Grisham. Hard bitten, honest, complex as characters, but believable.  No simple solutions.  Mr GRisham, have you created an ongoing character? If so, I wantthe next book.
Grisham has a way of placing you within the story.  He keeps you so involved, you can't put the book down.  I have read all of Grisham's books and can't wait for the next one.  Keep up the good work John!
i usually love Grisham but this novel seems to be a few short stories slung together with a longer more satisfactory one at the end. the main character was not lovable or hate-able, just kind of a louse.
Good stories, we were told in class, need a beginning, a middle and an end. When I finished this otherwise good Grisham read, I wondered how all ended. We love Grishams writing, but I like a nice ending.
Disappointing rant that seemingly has no end and distracting, near unbelievable<br/>plot. Far from the expected Grissom standard.  New style and characters, but not<br/>good reading. Try again Grissom.
I enjoyed the e book. Not only is the mood nostalgic but I found it to be suspenseful.<br/>I truly am a fan of John Grisham and his writing. This book is not at the top of his best, but still very good.
Possibility one of John's best novels. My only critisism is it left the reader wanting more.vwhich I guess for the author that's a great thing. I'd like to see this turned into a series and even a movie.
I didn't find this book quite as captivating as most of Grisham's previous works. Maybe because there were several stories going on and the characters, other than the main one, weren't developed fully.
I think Grisham has started just phoning it in. If this was my first Grisham experience, I doubt I would look at him as a go-to good read. Maybe a beach read but then again, probably not. Disappointed.
Book started out as a series of seemingly unrelated novellas.  As always, it comes together in the end.  Another interesting escape into the crazy legal world.  Already looking forward to the next one.
Could not put it down! Thank you,  John Grisham, for bringing your loyal readers another unlikely hero. I'd love to see another with this character. .. since you left us kinda hanging on the last page.
Another court room thriller by John Grisham.  Spellbinding and current. Could not help thinking of Matthew McConaughey as the lead character if (when) this is made into a movie.  Well done Mr. Grisham!
Fast moving page tuner with interesting interlocking stories.  I do like how Grisham writes. I like his lawyer stories best.  This is a good one.  This character in his novel even worries about ethics.
I found that this was a very good book about the side of defence law that Mr Grisham doesn't usually get into, will be waiting for the next installment if there is to be one, thank you for a good read
Finished Rogue Lawyer. Very good not excellent. He was able to combine the 4 short stories in a slow motion kind of way.The crap w/ ex-wife gets boring. Individual stories work best w/ this character.
I read the first part, defending a kid that the community had condemned, then it seemed to go into another story altogether, I just didn't feel involved in it so read the last chapter and let it  go.
I enjoyed it a lot.  I would have appreciated a couple more chapters, as it left me hanging.  It's been hard for me lately to find a book that I didn't want to set down and this fullfilled that need.
I know others said this book is like a series of short stories but I felt they were tied together.  I do like Grisham but this wasn't one of his best.  Still a decent read and I made time to read it.
I bought this book because I always enjoy reading a book by John Grisham. This book is not up to the standards I expect from a Grisham book. I wish I had read other reviews before I bought this book.
Will read it again because at first it seemed to jump around but then it came together and made sense I know he does that but this one was not as smooth as the other books.  I love to read his books.
This is not a typical John Grisham book . It is interesting, with a new character, Sebastian Ruud, who is funny and different from your usual hero. A good read, with lots of follow-on possibilities.
a collection of short stories.  the intent of each one was to give tge author a chance to pontiicate and criticize the legal system  .  not a novel - just examples wrapped in a flimsy legal wrapping
I wasn't drawn into the book in the beginning.  Once into it, the story line was very good, the characters interesting and stayed true and the plot kept me reading.  I always enjoy Grisham's books.
As always a great read! The title Rogue Lawyer is putting it mildly. Can't even begin to wonder where he gets his characters & plots. His account of the rural  South is spot on.  Well done Grisham.
Cannot believe I paid for this. Terrible book full of choppy sentences, poor characterizations and weak storytelling. Who is writing for John Grisham these days? I want a refund for money and time.
I have read all of John Grisham's books and this one does not live up to his previous works.  There is not a complete story line.  It is a collection of events in the life of the central character.
This is one of Grisham's best.  Fast paced, exciting, rather not put it down kind of book.  Wish it were longer!!  Well developed characters, story line that brings it all together.  A great read!
For the first several chapters I felt as if I was reading a compilation of short stories, but he didn't disappoint because he brought them back together at the end. All in all, it was a good read.
Interesting point of view.  An honest lawyer labouring in an admittedly smokey environment. And until the page, you're not really sure he'll not disappoint himself and you. Tough job. Good read.
This was a decent read, but it just didn't live up to what I expect from John Grisham. I found the lead character to be unlikeable, and the way the story was put together was a little confusing.
It shows a side of our world that we would rather not be involved with, but we are afraid that it does have some truth in it.  This shows a side of the law that is a web of dishonesty and greed.
It was not one of my favorite John Grisham novels....it seemed more like a few short stories he just tried to make into one book. It did keep my attention for the most part, it was an okay read.
As good a book as I've read in awhile.  Very different format and presentation which was so refreshing.  I wonder if Sebastian is going to be a series.  Seems like it would be a very good thing.
The Rogue Lawyer is a quick read but often I felt as though I was reading the Lincoln Lawyer. I enjoyed the book but it is not Grisham's best. If you are a fan you will find the book enjoyable.
I have read several of his books and they are all excellent.  That is why I read this one.  I knew it would be an excellent read.  He has not written  bad book yet.  I will keep on reading him.
This was a decently entertaining novel, but definitely not up to the level of Grisham's previous books, and the book just sort of fizzled out at the end. Hopefully Grisham's next will be better
A very good legal thriller.  Sebastian Rudd the "Rogue Lawyer" is a most non traditional counselor.  The characters he defends are certainly outside life's mainstream. A very good read.
I'm a huge John Grisham fan. This was a easy and fun read. I enjoyed the main character. The ending left me wanting more just like with gray mountain. I hope there's a follow-up to both books.
Not his best work but interesting.  Exposes a different side of the law.  You keep reading because<br/>you can't believe the things that are happening.  It changes your perception of the law.
Fast paced and multi faceted. You really get to know the characters, and like real life, some loose ends don't get tied up. It ends feeling like there's another few chapters yet to be written.
I love John Grisham. Rogue Lawyer is another good one. The only criticism I have is that like several of his books, the ending is a bit anti-climatic and leaves too many loose ends to suit me.
Another John Grisham home run!!! I love his book, I just wish they were longer. I want to know what happens next, there could have been at least 405 more chapters. Can't wait for his next one!
I have enjoyed all of John Grisham's books and The Rogue Lawyer was no exception. However I felt the ending was too short and left a few unanswered questions. Still, it was an enjoyable read.
We all need great stories, well told, to amuse, excite, challenge and delight.  Grisham does it...again.  Now ack to my regular diet of heavy duty non-fiction.  Until next time.  Thanks John.
Some what of s different take on Grisham's usual page turner. Rather than concentrate on just one case this book follows a lawyer and all of his cases. I found this book to be very enjoyable.
It took me a couple chapters to really get into this book. But once I did I could hardly put it down. Grisham carefully wove the tales together. And actually made The main character likable.
Well written as usual but I personally just don't like stories that paint the justice system as corrupt. I am sure there are corrupt characters but I hope it is not as bad as John paints it.
john Grisham is an author I would put in the same rankings as Lee Child and Michael Connely all have established their<br/>spots in prolific fashion Rogue Lawyer was a great example of that
As always, any Grisham book is a great read. This novel is more like a collection of related novellas as there are several beginnings, middles, and ends. Anyway, I highly recommend the book!
This is typical Grisham.  Engages the reader from the first page to the last.  If you liked "The Racketeer", you'll like this book.  I don't miss any of Grisham's books and I'm never sorry.
Clearly a long way from Grisham's better works.  It is okay but if early books were like this one, I would not be a fan.  Have read all of his books and always look forward to the next one.
Much better than his last one.  This was fast paced and held my attention throughout the reading.  Finished it in one day nd loved it.  Hope he continues to have this "spark" back!!
GREAT characters! GREAT story! Grisham can hit all your emotions and you are ALWAYS on his side. And Grisham can be so comedic within his characters. I laugh out loud! Oh, I love Grisham!!!
Decent read but overall I was disappointed. It reminded me of a collection of short stories. And there was a larger than usual helping of Grishams disdain for our criminal justices system.
Grisham at his finest. More truth than fiction. Should be required reading for all 1L law students.  There are lawyers and then there are people who understand how the system really works.
Not up to his usual standards.  Never made the main character likable.  If this were my first taste I wouldn't buy him again, but I'll just put it off since his others were so much better.
Grisham has a way of hooking his readers with a captivating literary style. I'm also thankful that he used his powerful platform to shed light on the growing travesty of human trafficking.
Kind of a hodgepodge of stories thrown together to paint a picture of our rogue attorney. Doesn't have the structure of his other books. Made it less interesting. I wouldn't read it again.
As I read the book I kept envisioning Mathew McConaughey playing Sebastian Rudd. This book is ready to go to movie more so than any I have seen. Great read and I cannot wait for the movie.
This is a great read, reminiscent of the Lincoln Lawyer series. Exciting to the very end.  The writer kept me guessing how it would end.  Now I'm waiting for the next Rouge Lawyer episode.
Not typical, but Grisham at his best.  At times predictable, and other times very unpredictable.  Great character development, not just of the protagonist, but the supporting cast as well.
As always from Grisham, a good story (or in this case a series of semi related short stories).  I didn't care for the abrupt ending which appeared to me to be a setup for a follow-on book.
When I started reading this book it was glued to my hands, could not wait to see who would be in trouble next.  Just enough humor to go along with the tragic lives of the people involved.
I don't know if I love,  respect, can't stand him or what.  Really enjoyed reading this interesting look into a side of law that just doesn't occur to you . Look forward to more of Rudd.
as usual Grisham's humor is awesome.  at the beginning this was more like a short story and eventually all blended together.<br/>I hated for it to end and found myself laughing outloud.
The protagonist is an anti hero who has few saving graces.  The book reads like a set of disconnected short stories.  I originally gave it two stars, but it is somewhat better than that.
At first I wasn't sure I'd like the quick ending of one part but it quickly became apparent it all flowed together.  It held my interest and I didn't want it to end.  Grisham is great...
Anti-police and anti-govenrnment trash that apparently is aimed at appealing to the "Black Lives Matter" and "Bernie Sanders" crowd. If life is so bad here Mr. Grisham should move to Denmark. Grisham attacks every respected institution including the police, judges, prosecutors, politicains (well, I might agree with him there) and the school system. I fully expected him to excoriate war-heroes and motherhood. He conjures up tired old excuses for criminal behavior....and worst of all, it is a poorly written and disjointed diatribe. I, for one, am sick and tired of the constant attacks on the country and the police by the likes of John Grisham, Oliver Stone, Quentin Taranino, and Ken Follett. They have profitted handsomely from a system they a obviously despise and disdain. They hide behind their keyboards, never having done anything remotely courageous in their lives, and disrespectfully criticize  those who put heir lives on the line, for us, everyday. Mr. Grisham should stick to bashing lawyers....that resonates with readers.
Love John Grisham but was disappointed in this one. Main character is unlikable and story line really is not believable. I could not finish this one maybe it gets better but I doubt it.
Interesting but not the number one best of Grisham's work.  It kept me thinking and held my interest as most of his books do.  The ending seemed a bit abrupt as if waiting for a sequel.
Grisham  spins this tail beautifully. It  The anti hero is honest but not always. The accused are guilty, but not always. The writing is true Grisham.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
An anticlimactic ending awaits after reading what seems to be a series of short stories stitched together to create a top selling novel.  The result is as unsatisfying as a mistrial.
This is not what I expect from Grisham. It almost seems like a collection of short stories, and leave a lot to be desired at the end...like there is another book to follow this one.
John Grisham has created the Rogue Lawyer that could become a series.  There is the potential for many other stories to surface while he is trying to sidestep Link and his bad boys.
The only grammar error I noticed was he used "insure" instead of "ensure" several times.  (that's okay, I've seen professors do this many times writing grants)  - :)
Grisham continues to keep the reader's book open with interestingly different venues from the lawyers perspective. I wonder what he will<br/><br/>come up with next---can't wait!!!
This is more a series of short stories than a traditional novel.  The fight parts were of no interest to me.  Not one of Grisham's best!  Not really worth the inflated Kindle price.
A fantastic book.  I hope they make it into a movie!  Absolutely loved it!  I read a book a day and I read this one in 2 days because I wanted to make sure I didn't miss anything :)
Not his best...the book didn't flow for me and Grisham kept giving us background on the lawyer as if we couldn't remember from one case to the next. And the ending was very low-key.
Main character depth- on point<br/>Defendants and their back stories - on point<br/>Not a boring legal work of fiction or bring boring romance novel.  Gripping and interesting. B
While this was an anthology of many cases for the most part, there was also a common theme of fear from the crime boss that resonated throughout the book. I was left wanting more.
This was very different than his usual as it was different cases within the book. I loved his character. It reminded me of a Jack Reacher personality. I really enjoyed this book.
I loved this book. This is one of the best books I have read in quite some time. I am hoping to see more stories with Lawyer Rudd. I absolutely love him. I need him as my lawyer.
Love John Grisham's books & his ability to tell a story but I was disappointed in the ending.  I realize that this is the start of a series but for me it just ended way too soon.
One of Grisham's better books in my opinion. At first I thought it was going to be a series of short stories, but then it all began to fall into place. Fun and interesting read.
I liked it. I don't think it is his best (Sycamore Row is his best book). I read it quickly. I felt like I was reading a series of short stories. OK plot. I recommend this book.
Grisham always delivers and this character is a delight to get to know. I loved the ending . I love it when somebody plays tough..is on the right side . ...And comes out on top.
I have purchased most of all John Grisham books. I love his writing, always have. I am about 75% into the book and find it hard to put down. Can hardly wait to see how it ends.
John Grisham  hasn't lost his ability to simply tell a good story.  This story weaves in its share of twists and turns, and it kept pulling me back to finish it.  A quick read.
A little disapponted. Not as good as several of his other books. Seemed a little disjointed. Had trouble getting into the story. Had trouble wanting to finish reading the book.
Thoroughly engaging ! John Grisham has the power to get you thoroughly absorbed from the word go. Recommended reading material for those who aspire to do Criminal Defence work.
I love books about lawyers and this one is great.  Yes this book does seem like a book of short stories but they are good ones and I enjoyed going back and forth between them.
This book is Grisham back to his best story telling. He's BACK!! And he's back on his Brand.<br/>Ted Matthews Author Brand: It's ain't the logo.It's what people think of you.
The story line lacked a consistent flow and the constant harping on the police state got old.  Unlike other books by the author I felt many of the situations were unrealistic.
This was a great read. Although different than his regular books, I still enjoyed the story.  I am a huge fan and have read all of his books.  I look forward to the next book.
I would rate this ten stars if I could! This book is different...and great!<br/>I recommend this book to everyone, especially Grisham fans.<br/>I look forward to the next!!!
It's nice story! I am happy to read this book and got scared a little. I can say this book is the same I bought from other company but the author is the same person. LIKE  IT!
I have read almost all of Grisham's books. This was disappointing. He must have watched My Cousin Vinny  and Lincoln Lawyer movies before he wrote it. Not up to his standards.
This was not the traditional John Grishamnovel with detailed story and plot development.  It read as more of a series of short stories, not my cup of tea.  I was disappointed.
It was a little "choppy" at first, and in my opinion, not up to par for Grisham. Reminiscent of Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer. Wondering if he plans to make this a series?
Pretty standard Grisham, a little more hard edged than usual. I love his fast pace and all the little details as he is describing the scene.  Always hate to have the book end.
I haven't read a Grisham novel I haven't liked. He sure gets the hairs on my neck up revealing all of the corruption in our legal system!  I also enjoy his humor and sarcasm.
A good read, but not his best work. There is obviously more to come from lead character Sebastian Rudd. The ending was weak. the characters decent. But something was lacking.
Absolutely NO like able characters, I guess that's to be expected in a book about a defense attorney whose only moral is that everyone deserves the best defense they can buy.
I really liked this book, and had new insight into corruption in the legal system. Loaned it to two males friends who found it difficult to read.<br/>I recommend it, however
In effect It is a series of short stories about a criminal defense lawyer with few morals.  I was disappointed in that I did not feel that it was up to usual Grisham quality.
Really enjoyed this book. Automatically posted to my Kindle and immediately started to read.  Had a lot of trouble laying it down.  Already anxiously awaiting the next novel.
I have enjoyed most Grisham books, this one I had to struggle to finish, its more like a collection of short<br/>stories than a novel, it was ok, I just expect more from him
This was a fantastic novel.  I was a little disappointed at the way it ended, but I suspect that the author left it open because it might be the first novel in a new series.
A little unbelievable. Easy read with many stories within, all relating to the Rogue Lawyer. Grisham brings in another new character when everyone else is stuck on one guy..
Loved it. You can feel Grisham's lifetime of cynicism after dealing with the legal system - well earned.  The story came together in the end like only a great writer can do.
This was a nice easy read - several story lines that all blended well.  It was not the fast paced intense book you'd expect from The author and I enjoyed the change in pace.
I am always thrilled when another John Grisham book is on the market.  Once again , I could not stop reading it.  I love John Grisham's characters.  I feel like I know them!
And I wouldn't expect anything less from John Grisham.<br/>It's easy to recommend this novel to anyone who has come to enjoy John Grisham's view of our legal system.  Enjoy
As always another entertaining book from Mr Grisham. This one was written with a lot of tounge and cheek humor with some laugh out loud moments.  Hated the book had to end.
Unlike most popular writers who have written umpteen books, John Grisham improves with age. Writing this one in the first person is particularly effective and entertaining.
I have read everything he has ever written and he just doesn't miss. No tricks, no profanity, just awesome story telling every time. For sure, one of the best authors ever.
Couldn't put it down. Nobody can weave a story quite like John Grisham. His characters come to life and some are not pretty pictures. But that's what makes for a good read.
While the author dealt with difficult situations he did not give in to gutter language. Youth could read this without being exposed to more of what much of the world offers
Got to say this is a book to keep and reread fast reading enjoyed it no loved every word can't wait to see if Mr. Rudd has another life. When is your next book Mr. Grisham?
Good read but not the suspense I have come to expect from Grisham. Never got that "I can't put the book down" feeling with this one.  However, it was entertaining.
I am a huge Grisham fan, but this is not his best. The plot took quite long to come together. The ending felt like it was not an ending and more of a lead in for a sequel.
Not his best book but worth reading...enjoyed the lawyer's character...as always Grisham has great talent for describing his characters...didn't like how the book ended...
John Grisham never disappoints...and in my opinion...Rogue Lawyer is in a tie with his best ever... A Time to Kill!  Rogue Lawyer - A definite #1 on the Best Seller list!
This book has a short story feel with lots of individual cases which all tell the story of the main character.  Very well done  as always Grisham is a master storyteller!
I like Grisham, but sometimes the social issues theme get a bit monotonous, but Rogue Lawyer is quite different and  is a sort of three-stories in one.  I liked it a lot!
Out of character for Grisham.  Predictable and unintentional writing style (sorry to say).  Also, details some of the the worse in our society to no redeeming conclusion.
In a different format, where separate stories are told and then expertly woven together, Grisham's talent for legal dramas is unsurpassed.  I couldn't put this book down!
Read more like a collection of short stories than a single novel.  Was still enjoyable enough, but it felt a little lightweight compared to some of Grisham's other works.
I really enjoyed this book. The characters had me hooked &the; suspense never let up. Excellent read. John Grisham never disappoints. Hardly put it down once I started it.
Excellent character and excellent writing.  Even though Grisham knows his stuff as a lawyer, some of the scrapes in which Sebastian is involved are a little over the top.
I often felt I was reading a series of related short stories.  It was an interesting format and held my attention to the very end.  I highly recommend reading this book.
Grisham covers subjects he never touched before, and he does it very well.<br/>As usual with his books, you learn a lot.<br/>Grisham:... keep on writing ...more often.
Grisham has done it again!  This is a well-told, fast paced tale. The characters have dimensions and relevance.  It is hard to put this one down.  One of Grisham's best.
I really liked it.  I hadn't read him... and this character appealed to me, self aware, which justifies his scathing read of other characters...<br/>interesting plot...
I liked the main character and I liked the basic plot.  Story is well written and both believable and plausible.  The stories within the story  were not always on point.
TheI felt that I was watching a silent movie and j.g. was<br/>That<br/><br/>Th<br/><br/>T<br/>T<br/><br/>I.am<br/>A<br/>John<br/>Gresham<br/>Fa<br/><br/>n
Another of Grisham's lawyer tales with good characters and interesting plot curves but not the page-turner that some of his books are. A pleasant read but not his best.
Mr. Grisham at his best! I luv luv the smart talk and quick response Sebastian Rudd gives. Looking forward to the next GREAT novel from Mr. Grisham, my favorite author.
I have been reading John Grisham's books for many years.  I really liked this one. It has three separate stories, which are all interesting, and not at all predictable.
Interesting structure with several different stories and sets of characters that are held together by the character of the "rogue lawyer." Enjoyed it very much.
Was great. At first I wasn't sure but it all came together in the end.  I still think his first novel A Time To Kill was his very best but I did enjoy reading this book
Grisham is always a great read!  This one was a little spastic though and occasionally hard to follow.  For first time I actually debated a three star instead of four.
Story was weak and supporting characters were not related to the original plot.  This seemed to be a rehash of some old story that was made up as it was being written.
Another great read from John Grisham. Intriguing in- depth characters brings you into chaotic life of the criminal lawyer willing to defend anyone. Great storyteller.
I am only half way through Rogue Lawyer, but I love the character Sebastian Rudd. I hope there are many more books on this character. Love his sense of humor as well.
Grisham is not Hammett, but he spins a good tale, creates memorable characters, and has a way with dialogue. Might be a little too close to Connelly's Lincoln Lawyer.
A new approach to how a lawyer approaches cases. The story leaves you as where there is a continuation of where the story goes.  Definitely their has to be a  story.
Very disjointed stories. Not your typical John Grisham book about a complete story.  Just as you get involved with the character the story ends and a new one begins.
This book will never be a classic.  However, it a compellingly readable, a page turner and hard to put down.  This is better-than-average Grisham – a legal thriller.
I haven't read his books in several years so I was pleasantly surprised with how I enjoyed this one. Twists and turns and surprises made it a story hard to put down.
Great read!  It is really several stories, for the lawyer moves from case to case.  I wish Mr Grisham would have written more cases since the book ended way to soon.
Grisham always gives us an entertaining story.  His insights into the legal system are a little frightening; yet, he provides us with some heroes in that same venue.
When I started reading this book I had no idea it would be a group of connected anti-cop short stories.<br/><br/>Entertaining but don't think I would recommend it.
A great book by John Grisham, He has introduced a character that lives on the edge of the law, and who will defend those that nobody else will defend to the fullest.
I have waited for the master to write another book like the Firm, The Pelican Brief and the Client. Well he did and I loved it. Great Book Great Story Well written.
Great Grisham.Has it all. Law and suspence, Behind the scenes with a real street lawyer, who knows th ropes and doesn,t mind pulling them. another<br/>best seller.
Sorry I bought it.  It was a review of his friend Dicky Scruggs methods for which Scruggs is now in jail.  What happened to the Grisham who wrote The Pelican Brief?
One of those can't put down reads!<br/>Don't start it on a weeknight or you'll be losing sleep all week.<br/>Fab Grisham style writing with many twists and turns.
I enjoyed this book very much. The overlapping of the plots added to the tension.Sebastian Rudd is a believable person and I hope we see him again in another novel.
This was probably the best Grisham book I have read!  He tied so many (what I thought of as) lose ends, and created a vivid story.  I'd love to see it in a movie!!
It's a story about what I would consider to be ordinary life for an attorney. Nice touch with the van.overall it was interesting but not necessarily a page turner.
LOVED THE BOOK - ANYTHING THAT JOHN GRISHAM WRITES I  USUALLY ENJOY.  THE ROGUE LAWYER  HAD SOME VERY  FUNNY ONE LIINERS - GOOD READING  - I GIVE THE BOOK 5 STARS.
Not as good as some others by Grisham. It started out really slow but somehow got back on track as it went on. Yes, I liked it, but it took a while to get into it.
The book was good.  I miss Grisham of old though...A Time to Kill, The Firm, Pelican Brief...and my all time fav, the Painted House.  But it was an enjoyable read.
Very disappointing. Consists of a bunch of mostly unrelated short stories. The main character is not very likeable. Seems like an imitation of the Lincoln Lawyer.
I would have to say this is one of those rare books and I just couldn't put down.  It held my interest from beginning to end I'm going to recommend it to my wife.
It was the first one I have read of Grisham's that is not a lawyer in the south.  It had some good plot lines and the end definitely left an opening for a sequel.
Grisham writes a great stores as always but couldn't identify with the shady characters. Someone else might find it more appealing. It was captivating I'll admit.
Another excellent book by John Grisham.  A little different that past books but equally good.  Fast paced, lots of suspense well developed characters.  Fun read.
Different type of read from Grisham but still very exciting and enjoyable. Folks, this is the dark side of the law and it really hits home today. You will enjoy.
It was a different book, not worth $14.00 as most of his others would have been.  Prices need to be lower around $4-$6, these books are really getting expensive.
Good "read" for Grisham fans. Presents current society themes, some "front page", and some not, from a defense attorney perspective. Recommended.
Not quite as feasible as some of Grisham's other works, but still engaging and hard to put down. Ending was a bit loose and sudden, but a good read nonetheless.
Another great Grisham book. This guy knows how to write a character that is fun to follow. The exploits of this guy are wonderful with lots of twists and turns.
Grisham once again hits it out of the ballpark. His main characters are believable and interesting. His plot is well crafted. I enjoy the focus  in his writing.
I read it in only a few days and I'm a slow reader.  This book gave me a lot to think about and especially what maybe I can do to make our world a better place.
Interesting beginning with a very disappointing,  flat ending.  Grisham has done far better. Still worth reading.  Character development is as always brilliant.
I have read and own every John Grisham book  there is. This is a break from the norm and was well wriiten and well paced. Hope to see a few more like this one.
This isn't the best book John Grisham ever wrote, but it is still a good read and one I would recommend.  He always tells a good story and I enjoy his writing.
Not a book I usually read I did enjoy most of the writers books but was disappointed in this one. It seemed to miss something and just didn't keep my interest.
John Grisham has put out much better and original work.  I felt like I was reading a police bashing and only seeing one side... My least favorite Grisham book!
I've read all of Grisham's legal thrillers, and I would call this one average. Not as thrilling a plot as a lot of them, and for me, took a while to get going.
Worst book he has ever written. I'm sorry I paid for it. I have loved Grisham's book since his first, A Time to Kill, but he should be rnbarassed by this book.
I always like John Grisham's books.  This one a little less than the other books.  While it is a good fast read, to me it is not as good as the previous books.
Interesting view of how the court system works. Even if you believe in our system, there is a lot of truth about how it works.  Any way it was a good read!
I love Grisham but this is a slow multifaceted book. Doesn't seem to be one true plot. Just follows him Rudd through a few cases that aren't that interesting.
This is maybe Grisham's best book. It has many characters from different worlds. There are various plots and people to love and hate. I didn't want it to end.
very disappointed that it ended when it did because it left some questions/story lines unanswered.  Not a fan of the rogue lawyer but his life was fascinating
This really surprised me, but was very entertaining.  Sebastian is a likable character, even for a criminal defense lawyer.  Kind of new territory for Grisham
This book was more like a collection of short stories revolving around a single lawyer.  The stories were well written, typical Grisham drama, but too short.
I enjoyed meeting Sebastian Rudd...Grisham has developed an anti-hero worthy of following...kinda reminded me of the Lincoln Lawyer with the souped up van...
This book shows how the law and legal profession really work.  Good story with nice twists. I highly recommend for those who like legal thrillers and Grisham
A good story but not up to the level of his previous stuff<br/><br/>I enjoyed it but was not enthralled or hypnotized as is customary when I read a grisham
best Grisham book in a long time.  a troubling indictment on the US criminal justice system, if this is how it really works the best thing to do is avoid it.
Grisham does not disappoint in this new novel about a unique lawyer who seems to get the short end of the stick wherever he goes.  Great story!  A must read!
This is a quick read, which might be good, because it's hard to put down.  "Rogue Lawyer" is not like his other lawyer novels, but you will enjoy it.
Grisham at his best with a most colorful cast of characters including the lead one. Rough Lawyer is pact with numerous twists and turns, plus laughs galore.
Long time since I read something from Grisham and I am glad still is the same excellent writer, capable of keeping the rithm of the action and the suspense.
Sycamore Row was Grishams best. Rogue Lawyer was his worst. It is nothing more than a variation of the Lincoln Lawyer. Grisham should be ashamed of himself.
The character development was scattered and not very interesting.  It felt like Grisham was rambling without much direction.  And I normally like his books.
So many unresolved elements and an abrupt ending weaken a good, unusual, legal tale.<br/>Not recommended as there are so many better legal books available.
I felt that the story was quite similar to the Lincoln Lawyer in the fact that it had a vehicle as the office, a driver and to some extent plot similarities
Seemed somewhat disconnected. Several plots that didn't come together until the end and still left me hanging. Certainly not even close to his best writing.
What a mind!!  Buy it I like a little more closure. Still you had me, but good. Can't do anything  when I'm reading John Grishim!!  Ruby  from Indianapolis.
This book was thrilling. A great read! I would consider it one of John Grisham's better works (although I love them all).  The end left me wanting a sequel.
This book started out slow. I thought I maybe would not finish it, but then about a third of the way through it began getting interesting. Hated the ending.
It's is a shame that Grisham can't get off his soap box long enough to write a good book anymore. This is the last time I will waste my time on this author.
Pure trash, but Grisham's narrative skills make it a most interesting trashy novel. There is not much of redeeming value here but also no reason to miss it.
I really liked this book. I imagined Matthew McConaughey as Sebastian Rudd. This seems perfect for him.There was a good balance of professional & personal.
A good read about a lawyer who handles the clients no one else wants.  Plot twists and turns, characters are interesting. Grisham fans, like me, are happy.
Another winner by John Grisham.  I wait every year for a new book from him.  Again I was not disappointed.  I could not put it down.  Great legal thriller.
It was OK. But, for me, not as enjoyable as previous Grisham novels. Others will differ of course, and that is totally fine.  We all have different tastes.
My husband read it and said it was terrible compared to other Grisham books, and suggested I not bother to read it said he wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
what a great character.  seems perfect for a series.  and the last line of the book indicates the author hasn't decided about that yet.  highly recommend.
This book was different then all other Grisham books, but I wasn't disappointed. I look forward to every new book & have read many of them more than once.
This was absolutely one the best and most exciting books that I have read in years.  Many stories contained in one book, but tied together extremely well.
I own all of John Grisham's books they are all great reading. Well done once again and looking forward to the next one.<br/>Thank you<br/>Ginette Juteau
Great read!  I liked the way it was laid out: not just one case but case after case after case!  It's one of those "can't put it down" books"!
I kept finding myself casting the movie. Several plot lines, ultimately connected... All good stuff. Not Grisham's usual style, and I found it refreshing.
Grisham has woven together separate stories that intertwine in interesting ways. Is a very readable book and I was actually a bit sorry when it was over.
The plot moved along, the lawyer was seedy and complex, but once again the author fails at the finish line.  I liked the story, hated the fizzled ending.
I love the way Grisham doesn't waste words with mindless chit chat, the action is fast paced and imaginative. There is a minimum of sex and bad language.
I always enjoy John Grisham's books. The Rogue had some interesting characters. It was different from most of his books. I look forward to his next book.
Interesting, in that it presents an inside or skeptics view of our legal system and it's weaknesses.  Not the usual hard driving story of previous books.
"Rogue Lawyer" was a big disappointment to me, and I am a John Grisham fan.. It seems he phoned this one in.  I would not recommend it to anyone.
Love John Grisham's stuff, but this seems like a collection of short stories or novellas. Didn't get as caught up in the story or the character as usual.
I'm a John Grisham fan.....I liked this book but was sorry that it ended so abruptly....Hopefully there will be a sequel.....I will definitely read that.
Not a novel - just a few short stories - not what I expected from a Grisham book.  The stories are entertaining but left me wanting more.  Disappointing.
No advocates in shining armor, just a brutally cynical tale about the modern criminal justice system, told using a series of semi plausibly linked cases.
Really good work Mr. Grisham, but, you ended the book half way through (deadline?) and you owe me 250 pages!
Really enjoyed this book. Liked that there was more than one case to follow. Made it much more interesting than following one case for an entire book.
I had to read this for a class assignment, I am just not a fan of reading about people doing not great things (murder, kidnapping, sex slave trading).
A loose collection of stories that eventually come together. Easy reading. Not compelling as his early writings. A good book for reading at the beach.
This "Story" is a collection of shorts that read like an outline used to pitch a TV serial that I would definitely tune in to week after week. The story as a book falls flat.
I've read all Grisham books, this was a disappointment  I've come to expect better and didn't get it  from this book. Way below par for such a talent.
Classic Grisham= good guys, bad guys, morally corrupt and morally questioning guys.  My one complaint- there's not a single positive female character.
Fast paced, lots going at one time. Gotta love Sebastian as he mutitasks thru life.  Reading it for a book club, I'm sure it will be a fun discussion.
great development of this "rogue" lawyer and the overall way he went about the main character's relationships.  I enjoyed the read immensely!
I liked the book as it was easy reading.  It was more or less predictible and just plain relaxing.,  I didn't want a high pressure book at this time,
I have read all of John Grisham's books, and I LOVED this one. It's edgy and angry and real. There are several stories, all intertwined. Great story.
good book! I bought it to read at the beach, but was not able to wait. Finished it prior to my trip. I will certainly read another Grisham book soon.
It took too much time to realize that all the parts would fit together at the end.  It feels like you're reading a series of unrelated short stories.
As a trial lawyer this rings so true as to make me cringe.<br/>Grisham has obviously been there, or has close friends who have shared their stories.
interesting how the novel is a series of various trials that are  woven into a complete story that all comes together in the end.  Very well written.
As always, Grisham has developed an engaging plot and presented it brilliantly. Intriguing characters and a well written story. I strongly recommend.
My Dad defended the poor his entire life and I saw some of him in the magnificent character that John Grisham created. Perhaps his best of all time.
Very interesting behind the scenes look at a lawyer on the fringe.  Having to deal with Ugly, treacherous clients and suspenseful courtroom tactics.
nice job by Grisham. different story lines. noticed he is inputting his political and social views heavily in his books lately but i still like him.
I have read all of John Grishams books. This is by far my favorite! Love the character. Would be a treat if he wrote more books with this character.
Horrible ending - stayed with it hoping for redemption - and of  course there was none.  My problem, not Grisham's.  But disappointing nevertheless.
He does not disappoint!  One of the only authors that all his court room novels have been awesome.  Couldn't put this one down and neither will you.
John Grisham makes this book into four mini short stories. There is the anticipation and drama but not his best work. Overall, the stories are good.
Loved it kept me up late. Couldn't put it down. It was new style for him I have read almost every one of his books hope another one is nearly ready!
Did not like the story line.  It appeared to be a book just whipped up in a hurry to meet a deadline and not up to having John Grisham's name on it.
Good story. Not Grisham's best narrative style. Some characters a little hard to accept as real possibilities. I still like Grisham's work overall.
I enjoyed the book, but it read like a series on short stories, which I wasn't expecting.  Well developed characters. Grisham continues to hook me!
It was good, but it didn't  have me on the edge of my seat. It wasn't long enough. I still enjoyed the book and am looking forward to his next one.
Throughly enjoyed this book.  Not the usual Grisham novel.  Same character, different stories.  I have recommended this book to family and friends.
Great read however, very short and not as suspenseful as other  MC Books.  It should have ben longer instead of placing and older book at the end.
This book was supposed to be LARGE PRINT and it isn't. The Stuart Woods book-Paris Match was also supposed to be LARGE Print and isn't.<br/>  ADK
Very different from other Grisham books I've read and enjoyed. Pace was slow and disjointed. Most of his books I become engrossed in, not this one
Not your typical Grisham lawyer tale. A series of cases exposing Sebastian's interpretation of fair play amid some strong forces against fairness.
Lightweight Grisham. Interesting characters, and fun protagonist.. But more like a poor man's Elmore Leonard in my zhumble opinion. Expected more.
I love John Grisham's books.  This one did not disappoint.  Great characters and story.  Just the kind of book to curl up with on a rainy weekend.
I wish John Grisham could write faster<br/>His books are amazing<br/>This time I toke three days to read however I was traveling<br/>Great book
This could be the start of something new as a series.<br/>Very much like an autobiography of a part of Grisham that I would like to read more of.
After reading so many John Grisham books, I was very surprised by this very different one but found it highly enjoyable.  Read it in two sittings.
Grisham, once the king of legal thrillers, has again phoned it in.  Give me The Client" or"The Pelican Briefs" but this one should come with a full refund.  Grisham spent 15 minutes writing and 15 months promoting,  switch that around for your next book.  Feel like I've got sucker stamped on my face again for continuing to believe that Grisham still cares about crafting a decent story.
It is always worth the wait for another Grisham novel and this one doesn't disappoint.  It is full of twists and turns that keeps you reading on.
Could not put this book down - best book I've read in a long time (and I read at least 2 hrs/day on commute to/from work)!!!  Hated to finish it.
Rogue Lawyer was a well written legal thriller with different characters and several plots. It balanced legal fights with a steady dose of humor.
The book is typical Grisham.  It's a god read, but rather predictable.  I've read all of Grisham's books and this is slightly better than others.
I love John Grisham's writing and I think this might be his best. Hated to come to and end. I love how there was more than one story. Great read.
I always enjoy Grisham's walk through legal processes as well as legal rules bending.  His writing flows with the same in this one.  A good read.
I really like Gresham's work and I liked a lot of things about this novel. But something about it just didn't grab me like his books usually do.
really kept my attention and I enjoyed the ups and downs as always with a Grisham novel but the end did fail me, otherwise I would give 5 stars!
There are some interesting characters but the book is really a few short stories weakly held together. I was hoping for better from this author.
Another page turner from my favorite author! Once I started reading this one I could not put it down. Now I wait patiently for the next book....
Just a really poor piece of writing.  This reads like a rough draft for an idea for a tv series, not a book or a novel of any kind.  The writing is terrible.  The characters are not well developed (and are apparently cribbed from another author).  I have read probably the first 50 pages, and I feel my time slipping by with each page, like anything else I could do this day would be time better spent.  Putting it down.  I cannot understand how anyone - at any level - involved with this "book" thought it was a good idea to publish it..  The backstory behind it - was there a contract requirement to fulfill, and this is the verbal flotsam jetsam that JG emailed his editor at the last second? - would be interesting to hear.  Grisham should put down the pen.  The storytelling is over.
Very quick read.  It seemed to be more like a book of short stories loosely woven together.  The ending was abrupt and not what I was expecting
Not quite up to par; Grisham seemed to struggle a lot to keep the vignettas moving but managed to filch the par.  Hence Parbandit.<br/><br/>I
Have read all of his books, and loved all of them until the past few years.  Rogue Lawyer was pretty good, but not up to his earlier standards.
A little too far fetched at times. Overall fairly captivating as most of his books are but a few actions were hard to imagine their being real.
Grisham delivers one of his best books.  Fast paced, intense, and timely.  Wish it did not end and would like to see Rudd back with more cases.
Grisham's lawyers are usually young, idealistic, good guys. This one might be slightly  tarnished! It's still a page turner (even on a Kindle).
Everything you would expect from John Grisham.  Well written, with a storyline that keeps your interest.  Every turn pull you in more and more.
Not typically Grisham, but could have been a way to introduce a new character to his cast of hero lawyers. Next rogue may be more suspenseful.
GRISHAM makes you like his scoundrel character.  Every book is interesting with new takes on our justice system. Can't wait for the next book.
Good story, but like most of the popular writers Grisham seems to rush trough and leaves too many loose ends.  I was disappointed in the book.
Great story - could shape up to be series of books continuing with Sebastian Rudd character.  Loved the writing style of Grisham in this book.
Very engaging read. If it is only half based on truth I now have real concerns about the legal system!!  A very different perspective on life.
I like John Grishoms' books.  They keep you interested. The more you read, the more you want to finish the book.  I read this book in 2 days.
As a lawyer, it is a fun and interesting read as he is far from the attorneys that I worked with for over 50 years. He is definitely a rogue.
Mr. Grisham wrote another great story. Did not want it to end. Can't wait for another novel by him. Thank you John Grisham for your fine work
The story did not flow, initially I thought it as a collection of short stories. Not quite the usual John Grisham free flowing writing style.
It would be hard for John Grisham to write a bad story but this book is quite different that his pasted publication but still a decent read,.
char actors not well developed,<br/><br/>gross corruption of police departments was not believable<br/><br/>not up to Gresham's standards
Having read and enjoyed all of Mr. Grisham's prior works, I was a bit disappointed in this one.  A lackluster plot with unlikable characters!
First little disappointment from Grisham. Rogue was a fun read, but less than I've come to expect when I get a new book by John on my Kindle.
At first I wasn't sure about it, but then when you get into the character you understand the context of the book. Enjoyed the book very much,
I liked it, not all lawyers are $800 per hour corporate litigator types and this book gives you a fast paced look at those on the other side
The flow of vinettes held my interest and curiosity how the chacters would come together. Wanted to know more outcome between he and his ex.
This book drags you in at the beginning and makes it very hard to put down.  Recommend it to anyone who likes lots of action and characters.
Well written.  Interesting perspective for a lawyer.  This lawyer does manage to find really bad clients, but does his best for them anyway.
Definitely need a sequel to this book. Sebastian is a riveting, fun and very likable character. I want more of Sebastian and his rogue jobs.
Everyone is guilty of something: the lawyers, the cops, the crooks, the gangs, the traffickers, the mayor, the fighters and even the judge.
Each time I read one of his books I hope that it'll be as good as the last.  This did not disappoint. Grisham at his masterful best. Bravo!
As always Grisham is full of surprises.  It's a another great novel - and helps us understand many of the fallicies of our judicial system.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. I never understood how anyone can represent a criminal but this was well written, entertaining and insightful
John Grisham just gets better & better! Love Sebastian Rudd, and hope Mr Grisham will bring out a sequel to this highly entertaining novel.
While the story is fiction, what takes place in these case is typical of our legal system.  Note, I said legal system, not justice system.
I have read ll of the Grisham books and, for the most part, enjoyed them all--some more than others.  Rogue Lawyer is one of my favorties.
It was interesting. Would have liked a little more. Seemed rather short. But the character could be brought back again. He was intriguing.
Gresham is always a good read, just look at Top 10 books on New York Best Selling Books.  There is a reason and this book is no exception.
I enjoy the writing of Grisham.  Rogue Lawyer was good but I didn't feel it was at the same level as other books that Grisham has written.
Not one of Grisham's better efforts, but telling the stories in the first person is a very well done.  Overall, a good but not great book.
Grisham's last couple of books have been really disappointing. I'm so happy to say… He's back!  This is the John Grisham I know and love!
Always a can't put down read. Main guy is little on the shady side but still holds a few morals. Title fits book and lawyers description.
Very enjoyable, fast moving , keeps you wanting to keep reading<br/>Grisham is a great writer and this novel is certainly representative
Loved Rudd - Grisham out did himself - weaving all these cases together was so different and enjoying. Can't wait to see what comes next.
Good insight how our legal system works in todays' environment. The story was a bit too busy but I guess that was the point of the story.
Another great book from Mr. Grisham. Several small stories come together to form one great read. VERY hard to put down. Highly recommend.
unfortunately, I have found a Grisham I did not like.  It was bound to happen eventually.  As a loyal reader, I am a little disappointed.
Solid read by Grisham. At first the chapters seem unconnected but are quickly tied together. More suspense would have given it a solid 5.
Did not care for this book.....not worth the money to read different short stories . I have read all his books but did not enjoy this one
GREAT book and Grisham does not disappoint with this story telling.  I have read all of his books and this one will probably be a movie.
JG gets my vote as a great story teller. He does an amazing job of developing his characters. I am in the moment as he weaves his tales.
Grisham ran out of gas on this one. Spun a good tale but couldn't figure out how to close it, so he just stopped writing. Disappointing.
Rogue Lawyer was an okay read.  Too choppy, not a nice flowing, developing, multifaceted story.  Not one of my favorite Grisham novels.
Good, exciting, kept my interest all the way through the book.I Like the characters . But that's it? Looks like this will be continued.
As usual,Grisham is the best.I have read all of his books and this one takes an interesting twist.Keep it going!!David M.McConnell,Ed.D
I liked this book. Best one of Grishams that I have read in a while.The ending<br/>was a little disappointing but it was a good story.
Grisham just keeps getting better. A wonderfully written story whose characters just draw you in to their fascinating worlds. loved it!
His books are always good, but this one was not as good as the last one.  I will always buy his books as I look forward to his writing.
While Grisham can spin a great tale (this is one of his best), he still can't stick the landing.  His endings always make me feel empty
Superb story teller. He writes realistically, he knows the law and his tales reflect the times. Let the pages turn and enjoy the ride.
told in short story vignettes. Fast paced and interesting. Always wonder how true the stories are. Never like the endings of his books
I have read all of John Grisham's novels and given them all 5 stars. This one, while a good read, it just too much anti-police for me.
If you like John Grisham's other books you will not be disappointed by this one.<br/>Superb story telling and artfully crafted plots.
Grisham continues to get better. Great plotting and memorable characters, good and bad, that you actually care about. I hope for more.
Have been an avid Grisham reader for years.  Anxious for his next work.....In fact, he's the only author that I'll pay the full price!  Never again...I'll wait for his tomes to hit the remainder rack ...which I predict will come sooner rather than later with this particular rag. .  This book is a actually a series of short stories...none of which are very good. Absent is the Grisham trademark of a real page turner with spectacular results. In Rogue Lawyer it becomes an effort to turn the pages.  Sort of reminds me of the other times that he strayed from what he does best.  My suggestion is if you MUST read this one...wait a couple of months...this dog will be at the $4.99 level real soon.  Maybe even in the buck ninety nine pile.
I enjoyed the variety of the cases in Rogue Lawyer.  A very enjoyable read , but then aren't John Grisham's books always wonderful!!!
Disappointed. Did not rise to Grisham's story telling talent. He needs to stick to pure story telling without trying to editorialize.
Really enjoyed the book.  However, wish it would have had a different ending. It left me hanging.<br/>Is there going to be a sequel?
As always great easy reading! Even if somewhat frightening!best not to get caught in justice system, great examples of a great lawyer
Another Grisham page turner -- with lots of action and interesting facts about laws and how they are administered by our authorities.
Enjoyed reading it....was sorry to see the story end. Sebastian was an interesting character. One could live vicariously through him.
Interesting departure for Grisham by depicting this unique character.  Enjoyable read with insight into the darker side of our World.
Certainly a different  Gresham novel. It is unrealistic to believe the characters and their contact with a lawyer can be so involved.
After a slow start, it read much better.  Grisham really holds you.  Trying to read Jan Karon's latest now and I can't stay with it..
Despite some lukewarm reviews I found I really enjoyed this character. Hope to see more of him. I think this would be a great series.
I thought the story might be kinda like Lincoln Lawyer which I really enjoyed.  Cop bashing can be amusing, police have a very hard job, their isolated from society, could be shot at any traffic stop, they have powerful tools and neat accoutrements, they have a great deal of power, they are still humans, and they can be great fall guys for the people in power, easy to blame for many of our ills. The scenarios the author creates don't seem real or fun. The cage fighting story is just sad, why do we need release in these sports? Where gladiators are held above all others and we don't take responsibility at all. Huge money is spent and in this story it is sad but acceptable. The author has written great books this is not one.
A fun, light hearted treat. Grisham again paints a good picture of life below street level whilst keeping the pages happily turning.
This is a turn off the phone, eat sandwiches, ignore the outside world, read in a day page turner. Something John Grisham does best.
Very much enjoyed the book. Grisham at his best. The characters really were easy to sympathize with and you felt like you knew them.
This book had me enthralled from the beginning.  Thanks Mr Grisham for another great great read.  I can not wait until the next one.
Very easy read and fun. Didn't have to think a lot. Just enjoyed!!!<br/>Would recommend to anyone who likes a typical Grisham novel
Tho similar to the "Lincoln Lawyer" in his mobile office, this lawyer is likable, clever, and I hope to hear from him again.
This book was a fast, enjoyable read! A very talented rogue lawyer who understands how the system works and his adventures in court!
Not the Grisham with whom I've become accustomed.  This book is more a collection of short stories connected by semi-related events.
First one of Grisham's that I've read in quite a while that I really enjoyed.  Let's see more with this short story type of format.
A interesting read. I liked they way he wove the story lines together. Very good read hard to put down waiting for the next twist .
Some what compelling, a new character,  but kind of an old story.  I might give it a read if the price was a bit more approachable.
While I enjoyed this book, it definitely wasn't one of Grisham's best. I was left a bit disappointed and felt it ended too quickly.
Another courtroom drama that has different plots coming together. Very enjoyable and difficult to put down. A superb win for Grisham. A must read
Not the usual John Grisham book. To much over the top to be close to real. Read it in two settings and at the end was disappointed.
Not one of his better stories. More like a bunch of short stories strung together, with no "hook" to keep up your interest.
Probably the beginning of a new character. An interesting incite into justice in its ugliest form. It seemed so real, it was scary.
I was 1/3 of the  way through the book before I stopped considering putting it down and not finishing it. It did get better though.
The relationship  with the darkside  kept me turning the pages. My almost disappointment  was a laid, with redemption. Great read.
Strictly a political commentary.  It may be partially accurate but I don't need to pay $15.00 to hear it.  Don't waste your money.
Engaging story but didn't keep me in the book. Usually I can't but a John Grisham down. This one was a good read but not his best.
A somewhat different style book for John Grisham and very good.  I love all of his books and this one certainly didn't disappoint.
Best John Grisham book in ages!  Loved the main character Sebastion Rudd!  My husband read it too and said he couldn't put it down.
Probably reviewing this too early as I'm only 1/3 into it, but Grisham grabbed me right away and I'm enjoying it very much so far.
I enjoyed the book very much.  Difference kind of approach having separate stories and then wrapping them up together.  Good book!
Possible this is the setup for a sequel... Storyline intriguing but little resolution. Worth reading but not Grisham's best story.
A straight read through.  Knocked off half in a bar with karaoke. How's that for keeping your interest. Wish it was twice as long.
John has a new, interesting, edgy character that grabs you from the first page.  Can't wait to see the movie, please another book!
Usual Grisham novel. Difficult to put down. Amazing characters and he is a master at putting them all together. Not disappointed.
Good read.  However, at first, thought the book was collection of short stories.  Several different plots, so it was a good read.
It was a little.slow at.the beginning then it picks up speed. GOOD story<br/> I think I like " The Broker" better. Sorry
Great storyteller, character development. Great way to pass time. Compelling read.  Of course I have read all of Grisham's books.
A very different type of story from his other books.  Enjoyed the characters and the differing sub stories.  Hope there are more.
This book read like a weakly TV series. Iike the  new character and look forward to reading a better story for him in the future.
I like most of his other books better this was confusing  by jumping around to different  cases but in the long run I did like it
I enjoyed the book, but it wasn't at all on a par with other Grisham novels.  That being said, I think it is still worth reading.
I did not like the beginning of  this book.  Then, when I realized it was a Grisharm book, I knew it would get better and it did.
Nice, entertaining page-turner. A bit different from his other books, and an interesting point of view about our judicial system.
Not one of Grisham's best when you compare it to past books like the Pelican brief and The Rain Maker.  Lots of anti police, etc.
Gresham followers<br/>I would give it 3 stars it is a fairly easy read which is nice. I am looking forward to finishing the book
Not up to Grisham's quality. Disjointed. More like short stories than a novel. Like he had too many ideas and couldn't pick one.
Enjoyed the humanity of the characters and their failures and traits. Interesting and enjoyable way to spend an Sunday afternoon
A different style of writing than I expected from Grisham.  Not a bad read but a little too much emphasis of police corruption .
Disappointed with how short this book is and the main character is someone to dislike.  I expected a lot more from John Grisham!
this is just a series of short stories patched together as  a book. Very readable, but totally disappointing for a Grisham novel
Very interesting new character, ala Mickey Haller, Lincoln Lawyer.  Would definitely like to have this become a series of books.
As usual, I couldn't put it down.  Very well spun start to finish.  Once again the characters are easy to picture and relate to.
It was a good read but i felt  that the reader was left hanging on a number of issues. I think JG may be looking to do a sequel.
Not the usual Grisham book.  Maybe this is the beginning of a series using the characters in this book to be further developed.
Characters are entirely believable. Grisham can weave a great read with the fast movement of life. It was all over too quickly.
John Grisham pens another excellent novel. The book is engaging and, also,  very humorous in parts. He is a mster of his craft.
An interesting look at people considered guilty before being tried. It's good there are lawyers willing to defend these people.
Not Grisham's best. Essentially no plot just a story about a lawyer taking cases no one else would take, and his personal life.
I hope there is a second book ATLEAST a second one, and coming soon! I was just getting immersed...grrrrrr! Come on Mr Grisham!
One of John Grisham's best and I've read them all.  His characters are realistic and interesting. Can't wait for his next book!
It was different from his other novels. I liked the first person narrative. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the ending.
Not his best but worth a read. It is not one single story but a collection of short stories; with the same principle character.
Good story telling.  The main character is not as ethical or likable as other Grisham protagonists, but the plots are engaging.
A flawed, but strangely appealing protagonist.  You can't help but root for him, even when he cuts corners to help his clients.
I enjoyed this book , it's not like some of Grisham's past characters ,but it was good. Would recommend to all Grisham's fans.
I've been a John Grisham fan since A Time to Kill. I love all books about attorneys. Gresham is still the Master of the genre.
I love just about everything that John Grisham puts out. Great story. Easy to follow characters. I would recommend to friends.
This is one of Grisham's best characters.  Entertaining from first page to last-- I hope to read more about the rogue lawyer.
Not Grisham's best effort. Almost like a group of Short Stories with no conclusion of his relationship with Naomi or his son.
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.  Couldn't wait to see what would happen next to each of Sebastian Rudd's unorthodox clients.
I didn't think this was as good as his other books and I've read every one of them including a couple of his teen age  books.
Nice tension and mix of stories. Only weakness was a couple of repeats of the same info chapters later. Over, another winner.
I felt empty and disheartened when it ended and yet it seemed inevitable. Very ’current with all the unrest tòward the police
I couldn't wait for this to come out and I read it in 3 days...it did not disappoint....I loved the characters and the humor.
So happy to get my books as stated. Bought one for me and one for my sister. We both love John Grishams books,  THanks.Amazon
Constantly being lectured in detail on how an "offensive" defense lawyer works grew tiresome. The Bard was right....
Captivating storytelling and rich characters- just what keeps a Grisham fan coming back for more. This story ended too soon.
Very good book. I enjoyed it like all of John's books.  He always makes the good guys versus the bad guys easy to determine.
Different from normal Grisham novels in that the one lawyer handles several cases. Very easy read and it keeps your interest
Could not put the book down. While each case seems separate the tie ends are great. Would love to read mire Rudd adventures.
Story about a lawyer who defends charged suspects.  Fast moving interesting clients pretty gritty.  I was sad when it ended.
I love anything he does in the lawyer setting, when he leaves that he isn't any good. I hope this is the start of a series.
This book kept me intrigued from start to finish, and I was disappointed when it ended. Hoping there will be a sequel .....
My library is full of hardback (best kind) Grisham novels. He keeps the readers attention from the first page to the last.
I've read every book Grisham has written. You can't win them all. Just a so-so protagonist and sometimes disjointed story.
Never disappointed in a Grisham book!!! Definitely a must read for anyone that loves to read about court, law and suspense
A very fast paced well developed novel. Great characters. Some I probably grew up with in the barrio. Highly recommended!!
Well written but a bit different from other John Grisham books I have read.  More compact,short story like but interesting
I was sorry it ended.  There were separate but connected stories here and when one ended I was sorry another didn't start.
Definitely not his best work. The ending felt like he just ran out of ideas and wasn't sure what to do with the character.
Very good read. Interesting about caged boxing. Must reading for mystery buffs. Can hardly wait for the next Grisham novel
John Grisham is one of my favorite authors. I've never read one of his books that I did not enjoy.  He tells a great warn.
Fast paced and holds your attention. Very good book for Grisham fans. Not as heartfelt as Jake Brigance, but a good read!
I have read man John Grisham books, and this one did not hold up to his other works.  I would not recommend it to others.
Not just one story but three... plus a more detailed look at a Rogue Lawyer as he calls him self... enjoyed it very much!
Love this author but, felt this book lacked story and missed a decent ending.  Look forward to his usual legal thrillers.
It starts slow, but quickly becomes riveting! Had trouble putting it down! This has become one of my favorites, for sure!
A pleasurable read. Interesting characters, excellent dialogue, very good pacing. Far superior, IMO, to previous release.
Different from the author's other books. Stories within a story. The Sebastian Rudd character is a hero for the underdog.
Chalk one up for Grisham.  Excellent job of balancing cases and personal situations seamlessly. One of his best ones yet.
Cleverly written story about an underdog lawyer his cases and his life.  My only complaint is I wish the book was longer.
Grisham needs to lighten up on correctional officers. His negative  characterization of them added nothing to the story.
This is an excellent novel, different from any novel by Grisham I have read.  I cannot wait to read his follow up novel.
I didn't like that it was not one story.  John Grisham is one of my favorite authors but this one was not a hit with me!
not bad but could have been better.  Hated the ending and it was really a bunch of short stories with one main character
Typical Grisham. Story moves well with twists. Disappointed at end. Felt I was left hanging with some of the characters.
Another "can't put it down" winner.  A grsat multifacited story.  It would be great to see this character again.
An enjoyable read. Glad it's a work of fiction because it would be awful if it were a true story. Seedy but s good read.
Makes you wonder how many times things like this happen in real life. Always enjoy John Grisham books. Keep them coming.
A different kind of Grisham novel. I enjoyed the new style and under world characters.<br/>Thanks for keeping it fresh.
It was a good read. At first I thought it was a book of short stories but as I read on it gelled together more and more.
Fast paced, enjoyable, jumps around to keep the reader interested. Great holiday read! Now for the next John Grisham. 😁
As always, a thriller from John Grisham. If you like suspense, this is one of his best. Once started, can't put it down.
It was okay. Wait for the price to come down or grab a $1.00 copy from the swap meet I'm a couple years. Very formulaic.
The Story was too predictable for me,but well written and a good  airline read. Recommend it, with a little reservation
Boring book.  Don't waste your $.  I don't know what's going on with Mr. Grisham, his last two books have been yawners.
A little different, more Connelly like. The plot weaving kept me reading through a coast to coast round, cramped flight
writing tough guy in the first person,  made me think mickey spillane more than john grisham. it kind of through me off
As a former lawyer in litigation I felt at home in the court room and chambers scenes. Great storytelling and suspense.
Grisham keeps you interested as usual, but it almost seems more like a collection of short stories rather than one book
Unique character.  Different writing style. Great read.  An unusual number of sub plots.  I hope there is a sequel soon
Grand you instantly and doesn't let go. Fun, fast, and easy to jump into and finish fast.  Three extra words required.
I bought it for a Christmas gift and it was discovered early so we read it and yes it is very well done and enjoyable.
Trite, ill composed , wandered. I thought Gray Mountain was a step down for Grisham, but now ........  This was worse!
Great book. Classic Grisham. He doesn't disappoint. Somewhat similar to The Lincoln Lawyer but with a different twist.
A little different twist from a lot of Grisham books. I got to really liking Sebastian and his application of the law.
I thought the booked moved along well, there were some twist and turns. There was some surprise, I didn't expect them.
John Grisham's books are always great!  I have all of them.  This book was a little different but still great reading.
Extremely creative and different to build story line and a masterful offering in suspense  that is "Grisham" .
Liked how it was not about one case but brought in a few different ones. Grisham still has it and please keep writing!
The most disappointing John Grisham Book I have ever read.  He certainly did not live up to his standards on this one.
Didn't like the division of stories, liked his earlier books about one case with more in depth character development.
Excellent as usual and the best part is that he will be in Bradenton, Florida in January signing copies of this book.
Enjoyable reading.  Grisham always satisfies with his books involving lawyers and the justice system in this country.
One of Grisham's best books!  I really liked it, but the story didn't end so I think there is a sequel in the future.
John Grisham never disappoints.  It was a fun read.  The characters were engaging and the storyline was fun to follow
This story had many threads and each one drew you in until the very end.  This is another great read by John Grisham.
I was waiting for this book to come out and I have to say I was disappointed once again in this latest Grisham novel.
I usually devour Grisham's books, but this one and the last were just boring. I wish it I could give a better review.
Very different than John Grisham's usual books.. Liked it a lot. Hope there are more soon. Will read anything by him.
This book was long, drawn out and disappointing.  I also didn't care for the ending. Too many things left unresolved.
The book is written well, reads fast and is veru much ok for a relaxing afternoon at the beach, though not much more
Very good book. I was surprised with the way it went from one problem to the next.<br/>I enjoyed the book very much
This is one of Grisham's better ones.  I enjoyed it thoroughly.  His best ever, though was "A Time To Kill."
Too many different stories mixed up. Also, the endings are quite predictable. Not one of the best from John Grisham.
This book I couldn't put down.  I read this in 3 days,.  The author keeps you suspense every time something happens.
I liked the main character , and the various clients,and I hope he writes another book with the same "hero"!
As always a great legal novel. Enjoyed the twist of multiple story lines this book shared. John Grisham my favorite.
Not up to his usual standards. Almost seems as if he just put  several short stories together and called it a novel.
As always, John Grisham delivers.  He is a master at weaving several cases in his books with surprising conclusions.
A am a John Grisham fan since the Firm.  I have read about 90% of his books and thoroughly enjoyed the Rogue Lawyer.
I like the fact that this book was about a lawyer tackling multiple cases, different from the other books by Grisham
i prefer one story one trial etc  this one not typical jg  will buy next one though  have all of them<br/><br/>rfb
I loved this book and the Sebastian character. I'm hoping that John will start a series with him. It would be great.
As usual Grisham writes a great book. This book a little different,as he writes about different cases,I liked it.!!!
Another quick read by Grisham. I never tire of reading his novels. This isn't his best but definitely entertaining.
Not the same intensity as other works by Grisham.  I really wanted to like this book, but I found it disappointing.
This one was okay for me. I've been a long time fan of Grisham's novels since I first picked up "The Firm".
The book was ok, but I have enjoyed some of the author's other books more.  The book became better the more I read.
His writing style is so enjoyable, and I believe this book is my favorite of his yet.  A greatly entertaining read.
awesome author ... a great new character has been introduced and i hope to see more books featuring this character.
Excellent as usual.. John Grisham at his best.. Unique character development and a totally different plot thread...
Difficult to put this book down. Typical of Grisham's prior works it holds the reader to the very end. A good read.
His usual good fast paced keep you reading story line.  It's real and has lots of good twists, that keep you going.
Grisham makes me almost like lawyers, not quite but almost. I look forward to the next book. This is a great read.
Amazing, unpredictable plot!  The reader is immersed in episodes akin to an intriguing maze of fictional superfood
I am big fan of all Grishams work.This is a change from his other books ,but iliked it humerus and light reading.
Interesting twists to this story. I enjoyed reading it.<br/>Cage fighting is shown to be very brutal. Is  it ok?
Another one I couldn't put down.  This one has trendy topics with cage fighting and female trafficking. Loved it.
Grisham is back! I was dissapointed with his last books, but here he's back on track. Thank you John, keep it up.
Very disappointing Grisham read. Seemed like several short stories lumped together. Not much mystery or suspense.
Just a good story.  I really enjoyed it.  Different than a typical Grisham novel, but I liked the change of pace.
The only problem with this book is I couldn't put it down so I finished it too fast. Can't go wrong with Grisham.
Great book.  I did not want to put it down.  One of Grisham's best books.  I felt like I was there and it is true
a great read that departs from the normal Grisham style from following one story with deep character development.
Fantastic book starts a bit slow but then you can't put it down. I was looking for more pages to turn in the end.
Great book.  It is easy to keep up with all the characters, and the action never stops.  I could not put it down.
I like the book but not the ending very predictable. I work in the court system and he hits the nail on the head.
John Grisham is a great great writer, I hope to see more about the Rogue lawyer,this book is a real page turner.
Grisham keeps the story moving at a fast clip. A recommended read for sure. I had trouble putting the book down!
Grisham at his best! Characters real you in, multiple plot lines keep you up at night turning the pages. Superb!
I liked this new lawyer, very down to earth - I liked the way he "skated" the edges of the legal system.
Another winner from Grisham. Different in the way it covered more than one case but still s real enjoyable read.
One of the best mystery/suspense novels I have read.<br/>Could not put it down!Looking forward to the next one.
Big fan of Grishom….like Patterson but maybe,some day he'll actually write a book as Grishom does….very well !!!
Several stories nicely woven together, an engaging set of characters and good writing.  I enjoyed it thoroughly.
Ending to me seemed careless or not well thought out. Just didn't seem convincing.  Big fan but not of this one.
Grisham's newest book met my expectations as his "rogue lawyer" defends society's criminals and misfits.
At first I was disappointed because it was several short stories and I wasn't sure I liked that but it did turn out OK by the end. The next time though I would rather see one novel rather than several short ones used to put a book together.
A lot of moving parts but we'll woven together. Rudd is the definition of a rogue lawyer if there ever was one.
What a wonderful book.  This is probably one of the best books he has ever written.  I sure enjoyed reading it.
Good book but different from other Grisham books - more like short stories about the experiences of the lawyer.
This was not his best but I still enjoyed it.  Begin by wanting to be entertained and you won't be disappointed
Another great book by John Grisham. I didn't want it to end. I read the book in three days! Be sure to read it.
Could not relate to this character at all. Very surprised that the author felt people could relate to this book
Great story with-in a story. I could not put the book down. One of the authors best. I love the main character.
It is a marginal good story. It was like a short story extended into a novel. Not up to his previous standards.
Good read. I always like these books. I only put 4 stars because it ended too soon. I wanted more of the story
I have long been a Grisham fan but it seemed like he just mailed this one in. An easy read with a so-so ending
Enjoyed this collection of loosely strung together exploits of the rogue lawyer enormously - would enjoy more.
I AGREE WITH THE AUTHOR'S ASSESSMENT THAT THIS SHOULD BE A TV SERIES.  I WANT TO SEE THESE PEOPLE COME TO LIFE
not the typical Grisham novel.  in fact, an assortment of many stories within one book.  not that interesting.
Excellent story, nice to read about law presented in a different form . I hope there is more from this author.
This is a really good read and I enjoyed it.  However, it is not as complex and dynamic as his earlier novels.
I really enjoyed the book, the new character and the story plots. Wish the book would have been twice as long.
Different type of character but intertaining.Has a lot of social commentary about the criminal justice system.
Excellent!  Great writer.  Hope it becomes a series TV or other books.  Have always liked Mr. Grisham's books.
The read is easy. Suspenseful, intriguing, and thought provoking leading to uninterrupted pleasant relaxation.
Grisham is back with a page turner! Could not put it down! This is an order out and get it delivered book.....
Great book for anyone who enjoys twists and turns of the legal world.  Kept my interest the entire book. Next!
Great book! True Grisham style. Love the book but the ending was too abrupt! Had a hard time putting it down.
Another fast moving, action packed legal story. You feel the intensity of his angst. Will he get his son? Mmm
This endless attacks against police is the last book i will read by Grisham. Its sad. He was a gifted writer.
Typical Grisham. Holds the interest. Start a little confusing but opens out into his style. Bring it on John.
Great book with great insight on how our court system really is! Sad but true! Truly a great read for anyone!
I was not expecting a collection of short stories. I was expecting the complications of a single case.  But t
Not the best book written by Grisham but still very good.  Tied together several short stories in unique way.
Strange story. Not your usual Grisham lawyer but I really liked it. Hope there's another with this character.
A trial lawyer who skirts the law. This is the side of law that is shown on late night television.  Good read
This was a really great new character from John Grisham.  I hope to see this character again in future books.
I have read all his books but this one got my heart racing.  Thank you Mr Grisham for your wonderful ability.
More like a collection of short stories with common characters. There seemed no real direction to the story.
This was not his best. Story jumps around with different clients - felt like I was ready a weekly tv script.
Well written and an easy read. It could of also been presented as 3 or 4 short stories blended into a novel.
Easy read intreging suspense one JGs better books I have read all of his books<br/>He is my favorite author
I liked this story, it was good but not as good as some of GRISHAM,so older books..try again I will read it.
Slow start but he puts the hooks in hard. New material which is fresh and original. A great read.  Nice plot
He must have been kidding.  While you read this and think there will be a conclusion, be prepared for a disappointment.  A string of unrelated stories without any ending.  At the 100% mark you will turn the page and find that the book is over.  If you are like me, you will resent being taken for a ride and being dropped off in the middle of nowhere.  I will not participate in the obvious sequel which we would hope will finish this sorry and pointless story.  Very sorry I contributed to an author who is clearly holding his readers in complete and total disdain.  A real rip off!
Good but not great compared to Grisham himself. if this were some other author of a probably rate it a four
Great job!  Loved it!  I've read all of Grisham's books, and this one is one of his best.  Keep em' coming!
Hard to review as I just received the kindle version.  Author one of my favorite.  I am sure it's wonderful
Another spellbinding Grisham read. His characters come to life and leave you hooked! You can't put it down!
To much court talk. Got to dry court talk and skipped over and got to the real story ,,,,,Keep writing John
This is not one of Grisham,s better books.  It,s as if someone else wrote the book and then John signed on.
Usual excellent storytelling but this time in first person.Definitely a twist on the usual maverick lawyer.
This book was like a series of short stories strung together with s weak common thread tying them together.
I love John Grisham stories. He really knows how to capture attention and keep a fast and interesting pace.
Take off of the Lincoln lawyer.  Sorry I paid for book. I usually enjoy his books, but this one is stupid.
Good story but poor ending, no closure on issues in story line. Grisham still needs to think of the reader
I like Rudd a lot. Need to have this character in other books. I could not put down the book, a must read.
John Grisham never disappoints.  Like all of his books, I want to sit and read it all in<br/>one sitting.
A great page turner. I could not put it down. finished it the day I started. Another good book by Grisham.
I am a big John Grishom fan.  I liked the book and can't believe he couldn't come up with a better ending.
It was great. The style is a little different and there are multiple story lines.  I enjoyed it very much.
Holds your attention from start to finish. Different Grisham format...nice change from his normal routine.
In typical Grisham fashion, this novel grips you and keeps shocking you as it winds its way to the finale.
If you like Grisham you will love this book . The story is a departure from his usual books. Enjoy reading
John Grisham tells you how the law really works and how dangerous it can be to work as a defense attorney.
Good read. Would have enjoyed more development of partner's character, but this book was hard to put down.
Son has read and liked, basically. Written in first person, but he said that changed about half way thru.
Interesting read. Very different from this author. Not sure all the mini stories were sufficiently linked
Have read almost all of the Grisham books and feel his last few are his best.  Totally enjoyed this book
This is a very interesting book. It is not the best of John Grisham but, it is definitely worth reading.
A real page-turner.  Another winner from one of my favorite authors.  Would enjoy a sequel to this book.
Good read.  I had a hard time putting my Kindle down.  Love books like that.  Grisham is a greas author.
The best of Grisham's recent books. Held my attention from the first page to the last. A very good read.
Very different for this author & I mean that in a positive way. Would be great to see more of the Rogue.
Once you begin, you won't be able to put this book down.  The task is to keep all the clients straight..
Interesting characters keep you guessing until the end. More like his older titles. I enjoyed this book.
Interesting character development with attitude.  I wasn't ready for it to end.  Entertaining easy read.
I'd like to read a sequel. It would be fun to see how other cases go, as well as, more about his family.
We all like a roguish, daredevil hero and this was an enjoyable tale of exploits on the edge of the law.
Good not great.  Short stories combined with a longer story.<br/>Sometimes the mold shouldn't be broken
Much more interesting than Gray Mountain.  It is a "fun" read.  Grisham has his :game" back.
Not up to his usual level.  Choppy, more like a collection of short stories, no real plot or conclusion.
Enjoyed reading this one as much as all of his other novels. Wanting to keep reading through to the end.
Have read all of his books and this was my least favorite by far. A fast read but wasn't a page turner.
It's John............he writes great stories and I'm waiting for the next adventure of the Rogue Lawyer
Typical Grisham stuff.  This book felt more like a number of short books put together.  I did enjoy it.
Rouge Lawyer<br/><br/>Nice quick weekend read.  Not too deep.  Wonder if he'll keep these characters?
Great fan of John Grisham but I was very disappointed with his latest offering: 'Rogue Lawyer'. Mairéad
Loved the way it was broken up by client case, yet still carried the main character's continuing story.
This book didn't live up to greshams usual expertise. I was disappointed but it was still very readable
My biggest complaint about Grisham is the endings of his books. He just stops like he is tired writing.
Outstanding story-fast paced-good stories within the story-great characters-better than other Grisham's
A good book with some interesting storylines.  A little disconnected at times but I enjoyed it overall.
started as a series of separate cases but then came together nicely.  Very interesting main character.
I love the way Grisham tells a story. Finished it in a day and a half. Fortunately bad weather helped.
Different way of story telling and I really enjoy it, and look forward to some more of this character.
A very clever plot that kept me wondering how it would tie in together.  Suspenseful and well written.
definitely not one of his better books, almost a copy of  "Lincoln Lawyer" by Michael Connelly
I have read all of Grisham's books and enjoy them, this one of his better books. I would recommend it.
I didn't feel that this book is as riveting as some of his early writings.  It felt "preachy".
This book is a long way down from A Time To Kill. John needs to write good books again or hang it up.
A fast moving story, hard to put down. It humanizes some of the lawyers we love to hate. A must read.
It's a good read.  Looks like Grisham is finally getting back to the quality writing he started with.
Grisham is always good, but this book definitely wasn't the page turner I've come to expect from him.
Up to Grisham's usual standard! Leaves you wanting to read more tales of this "Rogue Lawyer".
Very intersting, good story line.  Keeps you interested and waiting for what is going to happen next.
Good read, not my favorite.....seemed to end really abruptly without resolution to several plot lines
Another great book by Mr. John Grisham. However this one leaves some dangling stories. Another book??
A great new character that I hope we see more of. Not the best story from JG, but still a ton of fun.
Classic Grisham. A fun ride. Easy to read. It's a good story with some potshots at the legal system.
I am a big JG fan.  Although it kept me on my toes, I kept waiting for everything to tie together...
Once you understand the sequence of the book, it is really a good read. This will be a sequel. Good.
After only one book with this character, it felt as if I knew him. Good plot, nice variety of issues
I can't get enough of John Grisham love his work.Could not put it down great book.Keep them comming.
Grisham never disappoints...His main character is salty, depicting a guy you like to know better...
Loved it! Typical of John Grisham, it kept you wanting to read more and was upset when it was done.
I have read all of John Grisham's books.  This one is very good and you all would enjoy reading it.
Fast paced, great characters, excellent weaving together of various cases. It was hard to put down.
Typical Grisham. Keeps you ready to turn the page to see what is next. Never miss one of his books.
Outstanding book. I greatly enjoyed all of Grisham's books and Rogue Lawyer is one of my favorites.
Not the best of Grisham's books but a good read just the same. Would recommend it to all his fans.
read The Firm or The Partner.  Both are great thrillers.  Save your money on this disjointed mess.
Good read, I've liked his earlier work much more. But if you like John Grisham, you should get it.
I have a new appreciation for defense attorneys.  It was a great read.  What happens to Sebastion next?
Although a different format than usual, I found it great reading and difficult to stop.  Loved it!
John Grisham's best book yet. I enjoyed every single page. Hope there will be a second Rogue saga.
Different format from his usual novels with more than one client throughout but a very good read.
Not one of his better books.  Hard to follow what appeared at first as a series of short stories.
Entertaining  but light and superficial compared to "Gray Mountain" and his early novels.
Mediocre Grisham. Cynical view of justice in America. Perhaps accurate. No character development.
A bit difficult for and confusing for the first chapters trying to see where the story was going.
Good book - not necessarily one of his best but I really enjoyed it, as I do all of his books.
Not Grishams best work.  Takes a long time for the story to come together and become cohesive.
Interesting book rom the first page. Loved characters. Finish was abrupt but still great read.
My husband read this and just loved it.  He read it in one sitting so I know it must be good.
I cannot believe John Grisham wrote this book. The character had no depth and the story weak.
Not my favorite. I prefer the classic John Grisham.  Good story but it was missing something.
Reminds me of Michael Connelly character Mickey Haller. I'm looking forward to the next book.
Loved, this rough cahracter, and wanted the book to go on to some more of his events/stories.
Grisham is back to his best. I was a little concerned half way through but it is a good read.
Entertaining.  I cared about the main character. Not his best believe but I'm a fan for life.
this is not what I expected from Grisham, not one of those ''can't put the book down reads''.
Excellent read. A bit different from most of Grisham books, but one I would highly recommend.
Grisham can write! Every book he writes are good to read a few time. Ready for his next one.
The story is believable because, just as in real life, some things are difficult to predict.
Very, very good. However, I felt that there were a few situations still unsolved at the end.
Hard to put down.  Kind of fun structure with mini-stories interlocking throughout the book.
as always, john grisham keeps the reader busy turning pages.  on a one to ten, i give it 11.
Excellent.  Offers a lot of insight into what goes on behind the scenes in our legal system.
I always enjoy a book written by John Grisham and I wasn't disappointed in The Rogue Lawyer.
I really got in to this one. Very hard to put down. Don't often find books with this appeal.
Grisham is back to being the best after some clunkers...good plot, interesting characters!!!
I was not interested in the content but the writing was good and I devoured the book quickly
Excellent!  Grisham knows how to tell a story, hopeful for more Rogue Lawyer in the future.
Very different from other Grisham books.  It was an easy read but not the best of his work.
Hard to put down.  Well written.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout!  Loved it.
Interesting novel.  Different cases running parallel including one about primAry character.
The end felt like he just got tired of writing and quit.  Not the usual great Grisham read.
A new and different approach to his legal thrillers.  Really enjoyed the change.  Good read
John Grisham is the best story teller I have encountered.I have read everyone of his books.
This book has several short stories. I was expecting the entire book to be only one story.
Pretty typical Grisham lawyer book. It sucked me in on the first page. Very entertaining.
Clever compilation of several cases handled by a lawyer who takes only the toughest ones.
This is quite a bit different for Grisham. I really liked it and was sorry to see it end.
Its obvious Grisham has no use for the prosecution side of a lawsuit. Maybe he is astute.
full of peaks and vallys, 3 different stories = a different approach to defensive lawyers
Love his writing style, tho part of the story seems far fetched the rest makes up for it.
a really good read--much better than Cold Mountain I thought--well worth the Kindle price
Good read. Not Grishim's best entertaining and shows another side of the practice of law.
The usual top notch writing of a top notch author.........I have read all Grishams books.
Mr. Grisham has written this book with threads of humor without sacrificing the suspense.
Different thAn his other classics. Not as good. As ever  quick read but not enough depth.
Pure Grisham! Excellent dialogue in each story.  Enjoyed it and could hardly put it down.
This might be my favorite Grisham book and I have read them all. Didn't want this to end.
Not  Grisham's best effort.  Seemed like it was thrown together without a lot of thought.
Stunningly accurate description of the state of our trial system and related corruption.
I'm just in an easy read mode and this fit the bill. It keeps you going page after page!
Really good book until the end.  It was an abrupt ending, and a very big disappointment.
Separate stories never came together for a good ending - they all were separate endings.
Good, but not one of his best.  I thought the plots were not as good as his other books.
Different from other Grisham books;  took a while to get into the rhythm of the stories.
Not his best effort, but a very interesting book and the subject matter is very current.
I loved this John Grisham book.  It was a nice long read and I really enjoyed this book.
Another Grisham masterpiece. Different from other Grisham reads, but enjoyed every page.
It was everything that I hoped it would be. Kept my interest all the way thru the book.
A typical Grisham. Fast paced. Good story. If you like Grisham - you will like this one
Loved IT AS I Do all John Grisham books!!!  Didn't want it to end. Wanted to know more.
Good read. Somewhat disjointed. Not one of his best although I read all that he writes.
I enjoyed the book, but they are basically the same.  His style of writing is the same.
as far as I'm concerned it is not up to par with grishams outer books that i have read.
Great light read, enjoyed it. I think based on how it ended he may be planning a sequel
Not Grishman's best, but a good read none the less.  Much better than his last novel.
hated the ending-I have enjoyed his other books more-let down the readers on this one
A good start, I would like to read more stories and adventures of Mr. Sebastion Rudd.
Good, but not as good as others. I do like the new character, Sebastian Rudd, though.
I loved this book, but that's pretty easy because I love all of John Grisham's work!!
Not up to Grishams usual standards. No continuity. More like series of short stories.
Good plot but more like several short stories.  Not his best effort--that's for sure.
Another great novel by Grisham. Moves quickly, not your typical attorney.  Good Read.
Not the usual john grisham story suspect it was someome else that wrote it with jg ok
As usual, John Grisham didn't disappoint! This book was hard to put down. Great read!
i thought this was one of the best by John Grisham  I never knew what was coming next
I little like the Lincoln Lawyer, but Grisham pulls off in a slightly differing way.
A solid work by a solid author.  He changes his format to make it extremely readable
It met my criteria-to read a decently written book that would be light entertaining.
This has taken a awful lot of research I'm sure, just fab, love reading his books xx
Normally you do not want to put one of John Grisham books down, this one no problem.
Very different approach for Mr. Grisham. Once I got rolling I couldn't put it down.
This one was difficult for me to put down. I loved it ---- more more more!!! Please
Best he's written in a long time haven't enjoyed his last few but this was a winner
One of the best if not THE BEST of John Grisham's work on courtroom drama..........
Really 3 1/2 stars hard to give the book more coming on the heels of Grey Mountain
confusing and jumpy from one case to another but interesting. not sorry I read it.
I read the book in it's entirety but it wasn't as good as his others. No ONE plot.
Very good but very different ... took a while for all the pieces to come together.
As usual great book, lost time reading, can't wait for the next one in this series
Excellent read!  But that is to be expected from Grisham.  Any chance of a sequel?
Good, but certainly not among his best. Agree with series of short story comments.
Typical Grisham... So awesome that you put it down at 90% to savor the ending!!!!!
better than gray mountain but not really up to his other books. on a 4.0 scale 3.6
Sycamore Row was my last favorite....Grisham's Rogue Lawyer will not be memorable.
This was my first JG book...a little too violent for me.  Otherwise, a good read.
Very John Grisham.  Even if you're not a fan, this is one book that must be read.
It was pretty good, although the characters could have been a bit more glorified.
Typical Grisham novel with a less than stellar main character and a so-so climax.
A great step into the legal thriller genre in a new way for Grisham.  A bit noir.
Grisham at his best!  A good and fast read.... always entertaining and believable
Different but good. If I ever needed an attorney I would definitely want Mr. Rudd
Slow start, but keep reading. It's worth the effort. Not a formula book.<br/>MR
Enjoyed the new character!  Fast moving intertwining plots make for a good read.
John Grishman's books are always great entertainment.....what a great author!!!!
I loved the book. I almost feel I would like a continuation of Sebastian's live.
As always, another great book by Grisham. Could be right up there with his best.
Pretty good read, but not as suspenseful as the past Grisham books I've enjoyed.
Grisham is a very good story teller and I always look forward to his next novel.
It didn't keep me on the edge of my seat and the ending was not what I expected.
I am a faithful reader of John Grisham, but I find this book one the less goods.
I wasn't through reading, when the book ended. Looking forward to the next one !
good read too bad kindle app on windows 8 phone has big fonts then missing words
A little bit different hero for Grisham but a great read. Enjoyed the lawyering.
Great read, very entertaining. Just a little disappointed in the abrupt ending.
Not one of his best.  It was more like a series of short stories about one man.
as with all grisham works, it keeps you reading and not wanting to put it down.
Loved this book!<br/>You'll never be bored while reading a John Grisham novel!
Typical good Grisham writing; but I think he got tired and wrote a bad ending!!
It is a very modern perspective on the problems of the criminal justice system.
As usual Grisham weaves a story to keep you wondering was going to happen next.
Started out a little slow, but really picked up and didn't want to put it down.
I'm never disappointed in John Grisham. This book held up to his high standard.
My favorite author, His latest novel sure shows some of the seamy side of life,
Very knowledgeable understanding of the legal process - made for a great read.
Interesting read. Like how he connects the dots with the different plot lines.
As always, never disappointed in a Grisham novel. Can't wait for the next one.
A good story teller he is, but hey no longer takes time to write a great novel
Grisham does not disappoint. It seemed that a sequel should be in the works!!!
A very good read. Great at keeping my interest with a smooth flow to the plot.
Draws you in right from the first page, fast paced story.  True Grisham style.
I loved this book!  Very well written and easy to follow.  Wish it was longer!
I hope he keeps playing golf... He's done enough good.... now that's a tease !
A good story but not up to Grisham standards. Interesting but not very complex
Awesome book!  Couldn't put it down!  I hope they make a movie from this book.
Great storyline!  Just too abrupt an emding!  Hopefully  there will be another
My husband I both enjoyed this book.  We try to read all John Grisham's books.
same ol' same ol' Grisham of late.  I miss his great writing when he was new,
Grisham is so easy to read. The ending was a little vague, but a great story.
It was more like a combination of short stories and lacked suspense and plot.
Can't get enough of John Grisham writing.  Excellent writer and story teller.
Good, but not one of his best.  If you like his work you will like this book.
Too much resembalance to The Lincoln Lawyer and the ending had no redemption.
I would not recommend this book to anyone, and I'm a huge John Grisham fan.👎
I love the story. It's really interesting and I love the character. Cool book
Liked the book, but I thought the ending was kind of weak for a Grisham work.
Fun read.  Court room scenes very realistic depiction of what really happens.
He has always been one of my favorites but this one was not as good as usual.
Very good I like books written in first person and the hero has feet of clay!
As all Grisham books, this one was another 'can't put down' books. Excellent!
John Grisham has a compelling style - you won't be able to put the book down!
OK but a bit unbelievable on places. It was a quick read. Not Grisham's best.
Entertaining address of injustices "under the radar" for most of us.
Kept me interested all the way... Sorry it ended, so there must be a sequel!
Bring the old John Grisham back.  Hasn't been the same since he left Oxford.
from the very first page this is a gripping story that is full of surprises.
Grisham is always good - but this one is not his best but still a good read.
So bad I want my money and time back. What a waste. Was this really Grisham?
Too dark at times. The courtroom scenes are very good, as usual for Grisham.
Several interesting, great stories told as only Grisham can.  Well written.
Good, but not sure I like the way he did it, telling about different cases.
Really didn't like it though I understand it's probably truer than we like?
Intriguing perspective on how the very protectors of the system turn turtle
Not up to Grisham's usual standards.<br/>It was a Lincoln Lawyer copy cat.
as usual a good read....I love the rogue lawyers self deprecating humor....
Not one of his best.  I love Grisham but this plot was not so interesting.
Gritty but slightly off from the usual tight pace. Still an enjoyable read
Great read,fast paced, anti-hero, anti-establishment the Rudd loves money.
Grittier than usual Grisham.  Slow starting, but unpredictable throughout.
very interesting story-line. Thinking this might be a returning character.
Interesting tales/cases of a non-conventional lawyer. Ended much too soon.
Was not of the quality of previous Grisham novels, however I did enjoy it.
I usually like Grisham novels but this was predictable and ended abruptly.
Very entertaining.  I didn't want the story to end. I highly recommend it.
Grisham is always a good read, keeps you coming back. Great airplane read.
Slow odd start that was not related to main story. He has had better books
Entertaining but disjointed. Seemed like short stories tied up in a book.
Great read. . A little different than most Grisham books, but a good one.
Good read, and classic Grisham style.  Not his best work, but still nice,
seemed to be all over the place without a solid plot from start to finish
Not up to what I usually get fromGrisham. Never really had much of a plot
John Grisham always comes through with a great story. Love the character.
Another great story from Mr. Grisham....this is one of his better ones...
I could hardly put it down. I learned a lot about the justice system too.
Lost interest hard to follow since it was written in a observation view.
no where near as good as Sycamore Row or the Bretheran or Street Lawyer.
I have read most of Grisham's books, and I was disappointed in this one.
Not his best book, but I enjoyed the story and found it hard to put down
Not his best try.  Good enough to read but not exciting.<br/><br/>Joan
This book really "grew" on my while reading it.  Very enjoyable.
Not up to Grisham standards ... both my husband and I were disappointed.
Interesting group of stories - just not quite what I expect from Grisham
Enjoyable. Not his best, I've enjoyed some of his other books much more.
loved the book - some loose ends never tied up!  Maybe in the next book.
Typical Grisham, good strong story, likeable character and a great read.
Not a bad story, but far from his best. The story line got draggy often.
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51CpGYrqZBL._SS300_.jpg
I always feel as though I have helped Grisham solve a case.  Excellent!
Just a compilation of short stories. But...I couldn't put the book down
This book could have been 2000 pages long and still hold your interest.
At first I thought the book was disjointed, but the story meshed later.
Mr. GRISHAM always lives up to his reputation.  He never let's me dowm.
I liked it but it reminded me of the Lincoln lawyer by Michael Connelly
Kept my attention all through the book.  One of Grisham's better books.
One of John Grisham,s best set in the underside of Law. Do not miss it.
Combines humor with grit in a fast pace style.  Another Grisham winner!
Wonderful!  He's our generation's Charles Dickens!<br/><br/>Judy Kany
The book covers some of the problems we are facing in our nation today.
Somewhat choppy story in my opinion.  Not what I expected from Grisham.
It "smacked of the Lincoln Lawyer" stories.  Not his best work.
Enjoyed tremendously and yes Matthew McC. Should play the rogue lawyer.
An interesting new Grisham character amid interesting twists and turns.
Great airplane book.  Interesting to read but ending was rather abrupt.
This author never disappoints.  Good story line.  Ending was so....so.
Enjoyed the book. Well developed characters and really good plot line.
Not the ending I was hoping for unless he's planning a follow up book.
Never quite felt the intestinsity Grisham's novels usually provides...
Enjoyed reading this book - however, I did not like the abrupt ending.
fragmented plot line. Must have patience to see connection. Good read.
Didn't like all the short stories.. Wanted a more developed plot line.
Good book.  A little different than some of his but I really liked it.
Typical Grisham novel.  It holds your attention all the way to the end
I wasn't thrilled with the way the story ended, but it was a good book
The best yet.<br/>Very different format but comes together in the end
I have not read a bad John Grisham book. They are all very, very good.
Interesting. Hops around but changes a hard breaks. Multiple vignettes
It's Grishman back to writing about his best subject, courtroom drama.
I always enjoy John Grisham's work and look forward to his next book.
Classic Grisham. Can't put this book down. Really really enjoying it!
This book had interesting story strands, but was not fully developed.
Just what I have come to expect from JG. Can't wait for the next one.
As usual Grisham keeps pace moving and provides an unexpected climax.
Great read!!  I read it all without putting it down. One of his best.
A page turner, a real twist of character without loosing its escence.
I haven't read Grisham in a while. but this may be his best work yet!
Great story line.  There are almost four short stories woven togrther
It was a good read but I have enjoyed many of his earlier works more.
He has written better ones but as always his books are worth reading.
I truly enjoyed the change up of interlaced short stories.  Fun read!
Very dissapointing.Written in the first person, very weak story line.
Disappointing.  Last Grisham book I will read.  Has he lost his mojo?
An ok but not great read.  Not as good as many of the Grisham novels.
Lacks the "old time" Grisham exsitement and fantastic ending!
As always, a good story, keeping you engrossed in the main character
As usual, great read. Unexpected, despite Grisham's slant in topics.
A good Grisham - perhaps a bit strained  - one degree under his best
Grisham does it again. A real page turner. You don't want it to end.
Enjoyed the book.<br/><br/>Wonder if there will be a continuation.
I enjoyed another of John Grisham's books.  He never disappoints me.
Action packed -- Doesn't slow down -- Grisham is always a good read.
EVEN THO IT WAS WRITTEN WITH A LIBERALS POINT OF VIEW, I ENJOYED IT.
Great story from the perspective of lawyers who defend the bad guys.
Never a complaint about any of my collection of John Grisham' books.
Keep me entertained all the way. I liked the variety of case lines.
It's a real page turner, Grisham's best yet. I hated to see it end.
Another wonderful Grisham's unpredictable plotting and page turner.
It was absolutely superb. Could not put the book down. Brilliant!!!
Well designed plot. Characters were realistic with depth. Good read
Awesome look at the reality of a justice system from the bottom up.
Another great novel from Grisham. I really enjoy reading his books.
This is not Grisham's best but I still had trouble putting it down.
John Grisham is still the best!  Great book!  Couldn't put it down!
It was one of his  better books quick read and held your attention.
Dissappointing for me !<br/>My least favorite John Grisham novel !
I think that Mr. Grisham is improving with time. Fascinating read.
I really like Grishams writing.  This story was not disappointing.
Good read, but lacks any suspense. Ending just leaves you hanging.
Started out slow, got better I have enjoyed most of Grisham books.
I love most of his books.  Gray Mountain was really boring though.
It was an ok read but not your typical Grisham spellbinding book.
Not my favorite Grisham book though it got better toward the end/
I have read every Grisham book.  This wasn't one of my favorites.
I enjoy all of  John Grisham's works.  I have almost all of them.
I have read all of John Grisham's books this was one of the best.
The vignettes held my attention and were light enjoyable reading.
Not really a fan of short stories. Wish I had known ahead of time
Excellent read good book as always Grisham a master storyteller!!
Another great one by Grisham.  Put me the list for his next book!
Great premise! Would love to read of Rudd's adventures continuing
Different from John Grisham's usual books, but still a good read.
read everyone of his books twice. Just wish he would write faster
Better than last few but need more ATime to Kill or Pelican Brief
What was the point of this book. You're off my list John Grisham.
An amazing read from start to finish! Can't wait for the sequels.
Somewhat of a change from previous novels, but still a good read.
Unfortunately, the rouge lawyer character was no Lincoln lawyer.
As always John Grisham is amazing. Am waiting for his next book.
A good read that's easy on a mind needing not to think too much.
Not Grishams best but a good read for a cloudy day  Check it out
Great book. Grisham is my favorite author and never disappoints.
This novel was only average, not up to Grisham normal standards.
Excellent book. I hope author continues with this new character.
Interesting mix of cases and the "real life" adventures.
Great read! One of his best. Not just thrown out to sell a book.
Not the usual John Grissom story but a fair story just the same.
No where near as good as most Grisham novels. Too many sub plots
John Grisham is my favorite writer. His stories keep me reading.
Fast read. really enjoyed all the characters. very entertaining.
Not his best but good. Stories are interesting and entertaining
A bit different hero than in his other books, but just as good!
I have all the Grisham books and love the way he weaves a story
I think John Grisham is a great writer.  Always makes me think.
Really engaging from the first page. Hard to put this one down!
entertaining and light read which was great on long plane trips
A good read. Enjoyed it. Don't know why I couldn't put it down.
ok not his best,character hopefully developed in future books.
I love John Grisham books and this is another good one to read
John Grisham always comes through. A pleasure to read his work
This is one of Grisham's best. I hope it is made into a movie.
A Grisham page turner. A fun read with nice twists and turns.
I enjoyed this book. Interesting story. I would recommend it.
It took to long to get to the main story went down from there
Just a collection of short stories - not up to his standards.
Grisham again exhibits his ability to write another fun book.
Always enjoy John Grishm books, Rouge Lawyer was excellent!!!
I thought it was another great book just like all the others.
A good holiday read; left open for the story line to continue
This was not one of his best but I learned much about lawyers
A fun read.  No "message", just a well written novel.
Not up to his storytelling standards. Do no waste your money.
Enjoyed all the interesting cases<br/>Wished there were more
Grisham hits another homer. Beginning of  a new series I hope
I enjoyed the book very much as usual, lot of twist and turns
Pretty pedestrian. Modestly interesting series of vingettes.
Disappointed in this book.  I usually enjoy Gresham's books.
Good story with excellent characters.  Disappointing ending.
Love John Grisham! This book was as great as all his others.
This was one of Grisham's better books. I really enjoyed it.
Good Grisham, not GREAT Grisham.  A fast read.  A good read.
Good plot twists.<br/>Story runs out of gas. Abrupt ending.
FAR INFERIOR TO PREVIOUS NOVELS. TOO FAR FETCHED TO BE REAL.
Book was great but the end of book left it open to a sequel.
A gutsy attorney who knew the law and made it work for him.
I am a Grisham fan but this book was a huge disappointment.
A decent read, but not as good as some of his earlier work.
Another great book by him. Great story line. Well worth it.
Glad I did not like<br/><br/>John Grisham is great again.
I love John Grisham and have read all of his novels.....some more than once. This book was a huge disappointment. There wasn't a single plot line, but multiple ones. The book was broken into what seemed like several short stories with little or no continuity. And the ending was awful in my opinion.
More like a group of short stories did not like the ending
I haven't read it yet. I'm saving it for a high holy day😬
Great story, makes me hope for more of the same character.
Nothing new in his novel. Dull and same old same old plot.
Not his best but entertaing. A fun read. Great characters.
Very good book but very different from his usual writings.
I have all of Grisham's books, but this not a page turner.
Could not put the book down keep them coming John Grisham.
Great read. I hope that Grisham uses this character again.
Very good book, but not one of my favorite Grisham novels.
It was a different book for him but I enjoyed it very much
John Grisham writes good books and they are all different.
One if the worse novels by Grisham. A total disappointment
One of his best. Very interesting story and presentation .
held my attention.....constantly.....didn't want it to end
Being a huge Grisham fan, this one left me a little flat.
Grisham always works for me. Enjoyed this one as expected
excellent, one of the best stories i'have read this year.
Took a while to get into it, but it was cleverly written.
Mr. Grisham is one great writer and a great story teller.
well written as always. easy reading- waiting on next one
Interesting, but a departure from Grisham's normal style.
Very good and keeps you wondering what  will happen next.
This was good, but not Tyne best he's done by any stretch
Vintage Grisham.  One of his best story telling ventures.
Not my favorite Grisham book but still an enjoyable read.
An excellent book. It reminds me of Grisham first novels.
Seemed to jump around. Hard to follow all the characters.
Great story line.  Need to pass it on for others to read.
A good story, well told, but a little short of excellent.
Another great collection of characters in wild situations
Very disappointing!!!  Not up to Grisham's standards !!!!
Good book. Read it straight through and enjoyed the plot.
I do not think it ranked with the others Grisham novels/
Love the way he broke out the story lives.  A must read!
Great book. Fun characters. I would recommend this book.
A fun Grisham thriller. Great characters and a fun read.
Not the greatest Grisham but some parts are outstanding.
John Grisham could write a calendar and I would read it.
One of Grisham's best! Already hoping there is a sequel.
An enjoyable read. Different kind of Grisham character.
Very different for Grisham but liked the book very much
Love his books. I read them all the time. Page turners.
Great intense<br/>Spine tingling great work by Gresham
No character is engaging or likeable.  So disappointed.
grisham is always a good fast read.  I do recommend it.
Shades of the old John Grisham- enjoyed every page !!!!
There is never a bad Grisham novel. Loved it as always.
The ending is too obvious a set-up for a continuation.
Loved it. It ended too quickly.  Needs to be a series.
It was a very well written story with great characters
Not my cup of tea! First Grisham I was not wild about.
It was very interesting,  I think I read it in 2 days,
A good read  - Grisham redemed himself from last book.
Grisham is back in the courtroom, were he is his best.
Story line was good but the ending was not fulfilling.
Not is best book in my opinion and I've read them all.
very good book. Kept me on the edge most of the time.
Not a classical Grisham but very worthwhile reading .
A good read but a little more disjointed than I like.
Great writing as usual, can't wait for the next one!!
Classic Grisham. For fans of his, this is real treat!
A good read, but not as intriguing as previous books.
Very suspenseful lots of twists going thru the cases.
My husband read this book,  and he said it was great!
Love John Grisham and this book is no disappointment.
Great book. As always John Grisham has done it again.
Good story about a tough, aggressive criminal lawyer.
The book was excellent. Reminded me of Lincoln lawyer
Good book. I was on the edge of my seat all the time.
He continues to excel, makes Fernandina Beach proud!
Excellent Grisham as always....couldn't put it down.
A true page turner as one would expect from Grisham.
Great read... Grisham is the best at the Legal Yarn.
One of the best books I have ever read. A most read.
Typical Grisham, very good read and hard to put down
An amusing read--but not up Grisham's usual quality.
Pretty predictable and not the usual Grisham effort!
Very good read. Hope there's a sequel to this genre.
Started off well, but became routine and predictable
I am a huge Grisham fan. this one was disappointing.
Good start, however, the ending was ledd satidfying.
I read it in one sitting. I was totally entertained.
Really enjoyed this book John Grisham does it again.
Good read but not great compared to Grisham himself
Good, quick read. Grisham always spins a good yarn.
Good yarns.  Believe it could be true in New Mexico
This story wasn't up to Grisham's previous stories.
Never disappointed in his books. Another great one!
Good story and good read.  Ending could be better.
not up to par for John Grisham. Not my cup of tea!
Not one of John Grisham's best. Read with caution.
We all wish we could have a lawyer like this. Pow!
Great read, like everything else he has written. P
Great writer. Keeps you on your toes and guessing.
Good but a bit different read than typical Grisham
Another great John Grisham book. It was too short!
Great read.  Kept my interest until the last page.
Great read!  Mr. Grisham never fails to entertain!  That is the good news.  This book seems like a series of short stories tied together, with a common main character.  I very much enjoy Grisham's books, and have read almost all of them.  This, unfortunately, is not his best work.
Had a tough time putting this one down, good read.
I have always enjoyed reading anything by Grisham.
Reminded me of the Lincoln Lawyer, book and movie!
I give it 5 stars but it was over way to fast  Lol
Great read! Could be my favorite Grisham book yet!
Love this author!  Wish he would write more books!
good, enjoyable read but not one of Grisham's best
Different, but I  enjoyed it. It was well written.
I loved it! Another master piece from John Grisham
Totally enjoyed it,  not sure I  loved the ending
Not up to Gresham's usual standard. Disappointing
It's definitely not his typical book but was good
Kind of slow at the beginning but picked up later
Pretty good but ended too soon  Aka sequel coming
Out standing the author is one of the best around
another great john grisham book really enjoyed it
A birthday present for my wife.  She was psyched!
One of his better reads as far as I am concerned.
Love John Grisham but this was not my favorite..
Grisham is always a treat- he never disappoints.
I love Rudd, he's so cool and still had a heart.
Did not feel it was up to par for Gresham<br/>.
Not the best book that John Grisham has written.
This book was good different from here but good.
Another great one by Grisham loved every minute.
Good but not one of John Grisham's better books.
Probably my favorite John Grisham novel to date.
I wasn't thrilled with it - mediocre for Grisham
such a story teller.  should write more often...
I think all John Grisham's work are masterpieces
I bought this for my husband and he enjoyed it!
Ended too soon. I'm ready for the next chapter.
didn't like the ending.  Left me hanging a bit.
Great story! Did not want to stop reading it!!!
different from his usual format.  I enjoyed it.
Loved all the stories..  One of Grisham's best.
Very entertaining, fell sorry when it finished!
This book felt like John Grisham couldn't decide what his main character should be doing. Storylines start and then abruptly end until the middle of the book where it finally has some direction. Once the story settles down it is readable, but not on a par with his earlier works. Definitely less preachy than some of his latest works.
easy read always learn something from his books
I had to skip a lot of pages due to redundancy.
Great, as always, but left me wanting more!!!!!
Great read.  I'd want him for my lawyer anyday.
John Grisham never let's you down! Great book!
Thoroughly enjoyed it. But I am a Grisham fan.
Very average, not something I could recommend.
Not your typical Grisham read.  Too broken up.
If you like Grisham you won't be disappointed.
Very disappointed. Not upto his usual standard
You can't lose with Grisham. Great seller too.
A different kind of lawyers story for Grisham.
Dull and disjointed. Save your time and money.
Good read ! Can't wait for the follow up book!
A fascinating book, one of Grishams very best!
Usual good Gresham.  Some nice humor grown in.
Great read! A little different twist in style.
A real page turner. Loved the new protagonist.
Can't ever go wrong with a John Grisham book!!
Another great book from a GIANT of an author!!
Excellent I always enjoy his story lines!!!!!
I'm never disappointed with a Grishman novel!
Different way to write a story.. enjoyable...
Different style but a good, interesting book.
Another great book from Grisham... well done!
Not on a par with previous books of Grisham's
Looks like he copied Michael Connelly's books
Grisham has again knocked one out of the park
A crisp, can't put down narrative.  You aren't sure you like Sebastian Rudd but you can't look away.  Grisham has another winner.
i like all his books.this is one of his best
Started a little slowly but picked up speed!
Enjoyed every minute. A very enjoyable book.
Easy read. Always look forward to his books.
One of Grisham's Best !!!  I've read'em all.
John Gresham's version of the Lincoln Lawyer
Not one of his best books.  But a fair tail.
Another Grisham hit. I couldn't put it down.
very enjoyable book.  could not put it down.
The ending seems to be a setup for a sequel.
Like all Grisham books this is a great read.
Very good book. I read late into the night.
I enjoyed it ....cant wait for the next one
Another outstanding book!! Keep them coming
John Grisham returns following Gray Mountain, landing on my Top 30 Books of 2014, with another new hero. A new character, and legal crime thriller series featuring a street defense lawyer named Sebastian Rudd- ROGUE LAWYER .<br/><br/>A lone gunman, cynical, he fights the system, a nonconformist, bad-ass, attitude, a fearless lawyer . . taking cases no one else would touch; Unconventional ---giving Michael Connelly’s defense attorney, Mickey Haller a little competition.  Of course, we have room for another controversial witty, unorthodox hero – ready to fight an unjust and corrupt legal system, with less concern of morals or values. His motto: Bad people are entitled to a fair trial. Grisham gives us a look at the less glamorized aspects of the legal system, taking him from traditional to non-traditional.<br/><br/>Sebastian Rudd a well- known street lawyer with no need to advertise. No traditional office. Carries a legal gun. No friendships. The law is his life. All consuming. Has an apartment, however, he moves from one motel to another, dodging death threats--running from more than a few bad guys. Defending criminals, so therefore creating enemies. Normally his clients are guilty.<br/><br/>When he finished law school and took a job at a public defender office, then a criminal office which blew up, leaving him out on the street. Now in Milo, a back woods town and now defending Gardy, (not a very high IQ) who is charged with capital murder. Fabricated evidence. Politics. Cops trumped up the charges and already marked him guilty. He is not. Of course by looking at him…gives off the vibe. No one agreed to defend him, as the town too small for public defender. Do we really want fair trials? No. Justice. Burden of proof is usually lies. The state has to fabricate evidence. A snitch. Will say whatever they want him to say. Gardy knew nothing about the murders. Yet the snitch said he gave him details of the two young girls…tortured, raped, molested.<br/><br/>Sebastian has to raise hell in the courtroom. Partner is his assistant. His driver. Paralegal. Best friend. Driver. Heavily armed. His body guard. He earned his loyalty through another past case, where he saves him. Does not speak unless spoken to. Their communication: Nods, winks, silence. A large black Ford cargo van - his office. (unlike, Haller’s Lincoln). Of course this changes by the end of the book. Windows shaded and bullet proofed. Sometimes he spends the night, a fully equipped office, bar, and hi-tech. Always death threats. Call Sebastian if you cannot find anyone else. He will defend anyone. Or so they say.<br/><br/>Personal wise, he has quite the drama and past. (similar to Haller), but worse. His ex-wife beautiful, Judith (also a lawyer), turned lesbian, now living with her partner, leaving his only son, seven-year-old, Starcher being raised by two mothers, and only a few hours a month visitation. His name is on the birth certificate is about all. She warns him never to take their son to the fights. Of course their visits are always FUN, as the poor boy is so sheltered – and with Rudd it goes to the opposite extremes. Pushing the limits. His wife, does not trust Rudd’s life. She does not want him involved. After all, he attends cage fights, carries a gun, has shady clients, and subjects their son to things such as bad food, and danger.<br/><br/>A great collection of legal cases -----showcasing Rudd’s personality and tenacity. He is not afraid to get down and dirty. A home invasion, a family torn apart, a wireless router, a drug dealer, a bust, Homeland Security; a death-row inmate, a police chief’s daughter, and a serial killer. A continuation of Rudd fighting against cheating and corrupt cops. (My favorite case---the aging couple case reminds me of my parents, always getting in trouble with technology--they have no clue what they are doing). Can so envision this scenario playing out.<br/><br/>A huge long-time Grisham fan, having read all his books, cleverly crafted, Rudd is a lawyer you will root for --- one who helps the underdog fight the bureaucracy and politics of the system. Can envision this as a TV series --- Can you imagine the lineup of stars? No one can tell a story like Grisham. It is time for another movie; however, this one has TV series written all over it. Perfect for today's contemporary world, where a normal lawyer would be crushed.<br/><br/>One day we may see Mickey and Sebastian meet on the big screen--- Partner and Cisco---now, this will fun. What about a little poker game with Grisham and Connelly in the back room and Greg Iles? Think you will have more than a few takers!  Even though there are similarities in the two lawyer characters, each have their own unique personality. Rudd may be a little rougher around the edges, and not afraid of mistrials. He has grit—looking forward to MORE! A former whistleblower, enjoy characters, not afraid to fight back. Mark Deakins delivered a suspenseful performance, via audio.
Never in my life have I wanted so much and tried so hard to like an author. John Grisham is one of the top selling most successful authors out there. For the life of me, I have no idea why.<br/><br/>For those of us who are avid Beatles’ fans we all know that the second side of Abbey Road was basically a bunch of partial songs that Lennon and McCartney had toyed around with. Incomplete songs. Snippets. Record produce George Martin decided to put them all together in a medley. It became known as ‘Abbey Road Classic Tracks.’ For the Beatles it worked.<br/>Rogue Lawyer is like side 2 of Abbey Road. However, it does NOT work.<br/><br/>I truly believe that Mr. Grisham was rummaging through his file cabinet one lazy afternoon, came across notes he’d jotted down over the years about potential stories bit never got around to writing. Then he came up with the idea, “Hey, I can put this garbage all in one book and make a few million.”<br/><br/>In all fairness to the author, I will say legal thrillers are NOT my favorite genre. They aren’t necessary books I go out of my way to find. However, when I find a good one, I love it. Michael Connelly’s Mickey Haller novels are classics. I also enjoy most of Lisa Scottoline’s legal books.<br/>Grisham? He does nothing for me.<br/><br/>Including Rogue Lawyer, I’ve read three books by him. Two I could not finish.<br/><br/>The only Grisham novel I completed was a simple story called Calico Joe. It was really a novella, about 175 pages. I read that in one evening. And while it killed an evening, the writing was nothing special and the story itself was a little unbelievable. (It’s about a rookie baseball player who is a sensation. So much so that he hits a HR in his first 12 AB’s in the majors. Pretty much impossible, never has been done but ok. Calico Joe is the only Grisham novel I completed.<br/><br/>I read another one of his. I don’t recall what it was called but it took place in West Virginia and was based around a lawyer suing the coal industry. That one started out—decent. But quickly declined into stereotypical characters with simplistic dialogue. I gave up after about half the book.<br/><br/>This evening I started ‘Rogue Lawyer.’ In my opinion, epic fail. I have no idea what makes this author so popular.<br/>In all fairness to Mr. Grisham I was unaware that this is not a novel but rather a collection of short stories featuring the same lawyer. Basically 6 completely separate unrelated cases. If you’re okay with having a case solved in 60-70 pages, then you may like this novel.  I was unaware of this so the review that follows is about only the first ‘case.’<br/><br/>For starters, the protagonist, Sebastian Rudd is a clear-cut rip-off to Mickey Haller. Whereas Connelly’s character, the Lincoln Lawyer, works out of the back of his Lincoln, this guy works out of the back of a Ford Econoline Van. (Maybe this book should be called the Econoline Lawyer.)<br/><br/>We all have styles we like and styles we don’t. My opinion but I don’t like Grisham’s writing style at all. Not at all.<br/>There is virtually no dialogue, no conversation.<br/><br/>This book, like the one I alluded to earlier about the coal mining industry, takes place in a mythical town named Milo. We are never told what state, what region of the country it’s in. Our hero lives 20 miles away in ‘The City,’ but we don’t know the name of the city.<br/><br/>The characters all have ‘cutesy’ names…or really nicknames. And no last names. One guy is named Trots. The old codger of the town is named ‘The Bishop.’ Our hero’s faithful sidekick, his partner who never speaks is named---are you ready? He is named ‘Partner.’<br/><br/>The characters are stereotypical and one-dimensional. The protagonist is a wise-cracking smart-a** with an ex-wife. The judge is smug. The prosecutor is a conceited individual with his eye on a political future. The accused is a mentally challenged 17 year-old who is being framed by crooked cops and doesn’t understand the legal process. There’s a juror with a secret agenda to convict the kid. And so on and so on.<br/><br/>The writing feels stunted and stilted. It reads like a Cliff’s Notes version. Never get into specifics or details but seems to almost gloss over itself.<br/><br/>Lastly is this: At least for the first ‘story’ in this collection—the only one I read before giving up—it’s approximately 65 pages. Yet, roughly 15 pages are devoted to a blow-by-blow description of a MMA match. The reason is our hero is part-owner of a fighter. Okay, fine. But when you have only 65 pages to tell a story, should roughly 25% of it be a detailed recount of a fight. This is supposedly a legal book, not the screenplay for Rocky.<br/><br/>My guess is if you like Grisham novels, you will like this.<br/><br/>For me, I’m done. I’ve tried to like this author more than any other author out there. I’ve given him 3 chances to impress me and twice I was unable to finish.<br/><br/>I’m done.
Great read, didn't want to put it down....
Engrossing examples of legal gamesmanship.
Never disappointed with Grisham's stories!
The best John Grisham I've read in a while
Very entertaining as are all of his books.
Enjoyed the novel until it ended abruptly.
Was sort of rambling, but likeable anyway.
This book wasn't as good as previous books
Excellent book-never wanted to put it down
Not Grisham's best, but still a good read.
Love his writing and it was not a let down
Very good story of where justice is today.
Another of John Grisham's great  character
Great fun read, interesting, moves quickly
John Grisharm  One of my favorite authors.
first half was strange, last half was good
typical Grisham. no nonsense to the point.
seemed under developed, not his best work
Interesting approach, but not my favorite
Superlative read. Please keep them coming
Grisham is back with a great page-turner!
Grisham remains a master story teller....
Great story written with his usual skill.
This was not one of his best books but ok
This is a great read...a real page turner
Overall good but a little slow in places.
John Grisham is the best.  Great read!!!!
One of his best. I could not put it down.
Very riveting. Found it hard to put down.
Not up to the standard of his other books
Not as good as many of his earlier novels
Not his best work, but still a good read.
Think John wished he had taken that route
Typical of John Grisham.  Very well done.
read every one of his books  Easy reading
Not Grishams best, but still a good read.
Great character. Hope to see more of him.
Two stars because I used to love Grishams books, he must have really needed money to have allowed this to be published. Not his best effort. Nothing but bad antics by a bad lawyer. Wanted so much more.
Great read.  Couldn't put the book down.
Enjoyed the read very much.. Another hit
As usual well done novel by John Grisham
Great book.....lots of twists and turns!
I will always love any book about Harry!
John Grisham always writes a good story!
Not quite up to Grisham previous novels.
Did not want to put it down. Great read.
Great reading once more ....from Grisham
Loved this book, and all the characters.
Interesting characters.  Good, fun read.
Not one his best books.  Very political.
Great character, tough but with a heart.
Sign me up for the "rogue" book!
Great read!!! Should be a great movie!!!
Good read! Different writing than usual!
Fun read. Can't wait to read the sequel!
Once my favorite author, yet he has taken his agenda to a whole new level.....After reading the summary it screamed Grisham's demented liberal agenda. Once he made the following comment I was done with him. Liberals are so twisted they no longer can see anything that speaks the truth........ "Mr Grisham, 59, said: “We have prisons now filled with guys my age. 60-year-old white men in prison who’ve never harmed anybody, would never touch a child.”<br/><br/>“But they got online one night, started surfing around, probably had too much to drink or whatever and pushed the wrong buttons and went too far and got into child porn or whatever,” he said, going on to describe the case of a “buddy” of his from law school.<br/><br/>According to Mr Grisham, his friend ran into trouble nearly a decade ago when he accessed a child abuse sting operation set-up by the Canadian Mounted police, which advertised images of 16-year-old girls, while intoxicated. The man was later sentenced to three years in prison, according to Mr Grisham.<br/><br/>READ MORE<br/><br/>John Grisham among authors to take out full page ad in New York Times to protest against Amazon<br/>“There are so many of them now, so many sex offenders – that’s what they’re called – that they put them in the same prison, like they are a bunch of perverts or something,” said the author, whose legal thrillers, such as The Firm and A Time to Kill, have sold over 275 million copies.<br/><br/>Mr Grisham, who trained as a lawyer before turning to writing, said: “They never hurt anybody, ok? They deserve some type of punishment but ten years in prison?”
Cover to cover,excitement and attention
Love the genre and Grisham is a genius!
His best yet! Can't wait for the movie!
Not my favorite, but still a good read.
Great read, as always for this author!!
Basically separate stories intermingled
Good book.  Didn't want to put it down!
The stories ended to soon, wanted more.
Not as good as most but still enjoyable
Not Grisham's best but still very good.
He left too many loose ends unfinished!
One of his best.  Couldn't put it down.
Grisham's all over the map on this one!
For me it was dull and somewhat boring.
Must read for people who need a thrill.
This one is a page turner.  Great read.
Not his best, predictable and overused.
Another good Grisham book.  Interesting
Great vacation book.  Easy read.  Fun.
it seemed more like a short story book
Lincoln lawyer copycat. Disappointing.
Good Grisham book read in a few days !
Typical Grisham. Solid and consistent!
Good but not up to his usual standard.
Great characters, great entertainment!
Great read, enjoyed it cover to cover.
As always, a good read, over too soon.
This a good read---multiple vignettes.
Slow, dis-jointed.  Not his best work.
Just OK. NOT UP TO HIS USUAL STANDARD.
Great character.....liked it very much
Another example of great story telling
I happily waited for this book to come out because I have always loved courtroom drama, and in particular John Grisham. In this case, the book is a direct rip-off of The Lincoln Lawyer. If Michael Connoly doesn't sue Grisham, he is missing a good case.<br/><br/>I also understand that this book is fiction, and even though I am a retired cop, I have pretty thick skin about anti-police sentiments, but this goes a bit over board on hating the police. Some of this has to come from Mr. Grisham's own point of view. I felt like I was reading a book written by a protestor at Ferguson MO, which by the way proved the police officer was right, but his life has been ruined anyway by making the officer look like a murder of a poor young man just trying to straighten his life out (sarcasm). I cannot read a book written by a man who has such an overboard hatred of law enforcement officers.
Terrible. Was so looking forward to another great book from great author. So boring I scanned last 100 pages to get it over with. Please go back to 1 plot story with your regulars.
I really enjoyed his new protagonist.
Best book I've read in a long time!!!
Very entertaining and good story line
Not one of my favorite Grisham books.
Not one of John Grisham's best books.
Good story but another abrupt ending.
Just another great book by Grisham !!
Grisham mhit a home run with this one
He is making lawyers look like idiots
Entertaining as all of his books are.
Read it in one sitting. It hooked me!
Compelling read.  Fast paced and fun.
Another great read from John Grisham.
As always a great book byJohn Grisham
Excellent as usual.<br/>Thanks John!
Very readable. Difficult to put down.
Not Grisham's Best, but Entertaining!
Great read on par or better by author
Another page-turner...excellent read.
Loved the story and not disappointed.
Choppy writing, another quick ending.
Another of Grisham's well done books.
One of Grisham's best novel in years.
Typical Grisham style. You will enjoy
Very entertaining. Held my interest.
I like anything John Grisham writes.
It was different but very compelling
Obvious that there will be a sequel.
Nothing inspiring in the characters.
Excellent read, true Grisham fashion
Not as well written as other novels.
Great writer and a good story line!!
Great read! I enjoyed it thoroughly.
Story is shallow and not believable.
Poor not close to his better efforts
A very good story with great writing
Excellent - really enjoyed this one!
Terrific read! One of Grishams best!
One of his best. I liked the format.
His usual excellent story and style!
Always a good read with John Grisham
Great book great fun and great story
Excellent John Grisham. Great story!
Much better than his last few novels
John Grisham does it again. Perfect!
I always enjoy John Grisham novels.
Good book.  I recommend reading it.
Another engrossing book by Grisham.
Great book but questionable ending.
loved  it- best since Sycamore Road
Good suspense novel with some humor
Another good read from John Grisham
Great read.  Enjoyed the characters
Best John Grisham book I have read!
A good read but not Grisham's best.
Another gripping tale from Grisham.
This was Grisham's best novels yet.
This is definitely not one of Grisham's best. Total disappointment. Still not are why I read the whole book guess I thought it would get better and j did pay for it.
No doubt Grisham's poorest effort!
Captivating. different. Surprising
Great book.  Didn't want it to end
Intriguing, but not slot of depth.
Predictable but I enjoyed the book
Love his books. Have read them all
Entertaining, but left you hanging
liked having different story lines
Not Gresham's best but still good.
read it you won't be disappointed.
Easy read good old fashion Grisham
Excellent read.  Hard to put down.
Interesting but not his best work!
A good read, but not Grisham best.
Not as good as his previous novels
Different and keeps your interest.
it is like a lot or shorts stories
Sorry when it ended.  I want more.
Good book but the ending was blah!
Very enjoyable read. entertaining.
Not Grisham's best but a good read
Another great Grisham sleep killer
A book that you can't put down...
Sad situations especially mother.
Good read - typical Gresham style
Good bok, but not Grisham's best.
A bit choppy to read but exciting
Very enjoyable, held my interest.
As expected! Another great novel!
Kept a good pace.  Worth reading.
Kept me reading until late night.
Another awesome book by Grisham!!
Not what I anticipated, but good.
Negative with no real story line.
Can't get enough of John Grisham!
Just another Grisham book.  Blah.
Pure Grishsam, great storyteller.
Not up to authors usual standards
Keeps you going<br/>Easy to read
Another winner from John Grisham.
In the Grisham groove.  Terrific!
Sorry Mr. Grisham this is not anywhere near your best work. It seemed to me to be just several stories put together to make a book.  It was not worth $14.99!
Not a typical John Grisham plot.
excellent  could not put it down
Good read though not his best.
Not great, but a fun, good read.
John Grisham books are the best.
As usual, could not put it down!
John Grisham does it again. Wow!
More predictable than I care for
A little disappointed at the end
Love all of John Grisham's Books
Two days to read  very enjoyable
The ending was not satisfactory.
Sorry it was overMore More More!
a page turner but not literature
Geisha needs more of this lawyer
Just average.  Pretty formulaic.
Not the best book he has written
Easy reading and a few surprises
Not his best but holds interest.
Another great read from Grisham.
Good book like all of his books.
Super new character development.
Good book one of his better ones
Another excellent Grisham novel.
Excellent, as usual for Grisham.
Great read. Enjoyed it greatly.
GREAT BOOK . Next Grisham film.
Not Grisham's best. No closure.
Another great John Grisham book
Just a series of short stories.
Excellent read, very fast paced
Hope to read more of the Rogue.
Have always loved Grisham books
Good read. Love all his books!!
Excellent read, Great character
John Grisham never disappoints!
Superb story teller, as usual..
Excellent writer! Truth teller!
Great except end was a Let down
Very enjoyable page after page.
Best he's written in many years
It was his best in a long time.
Great book! Fast read loved it!
Not one of John's better books.
you would expect nothing less..
High school lit classes produce better reads. Wasted my money.don't waste yours.*!¡!!!?!!.I remember when grishsam was a writer.guess he sold out.
I was truly astonished at just how bad this book is - in fact, chucked it aside less than 30% through the ordeal of trying to read it.  In the first segment of what can only be described as a series of novellas, Grisham systematically trashes the police, prosecuting attorneys, judges, juries, prison wardens, the justice system and an entire town eager to execute a 19 year old boy, whether or not he committed the crime.  With a broad brush, he paints them all as incompetent, corrupt and evil.<br/><br/>In another segment, Sebastian Rudd plays gin rummy and watches TV with a drug kingpin/murderer on death row in the final hours before he is scheduled for a lethal injection. The defense attorney practically cheers as together they watch one courthouse after another that denied their appeals get blown up.  Then, amazingly, the condemned man is rescued, pulled through the roof and onto a waiting helicopter.<br/><br/>My advice - Save your time, your money and your sanity by passing on this book.
This is one of Grisham's best.
Entertaining and easy reading.
weak effort for a great author
Did not like the way it ended.
Great book, a real page turner
It was ok. Not a real grabber.
Excellent and entertaining....
Very good ending a little weak
Like a series of short stories
I liked it but not my favorite
He's never written a bad book!
Loved this book. Action packed
Great read.  Very entertaining
A classic Grisham masterpiece!
I thought the ending was weak.
usual interesting grisham book
One of his bet works in years.
Masterful,Grisham at his best.
Great book kind of unfinished.
Grisham is always a good read!
An interesting and compelling.
Another great book by Gresham.
Another fine novel by Grisham.
Another great novel by Grisham
Excellent read!Typical Grisham
Ending was sort of a let down.
I liked the different stories
It was high tension excitment
Interesting book,easy to read
I thought it was pretty good.
Not my favorite Grisham book.
too much details in this book
One of Grisham's better works
A good and entertaining read.
It's Grisham, yes, it's good.
VERY GOOD KEPT YOUR INTEREST.
Too short, wish it was longer
Not my favorite Grisham novel
Vintage Grisham---fantastic!!
Not as good as previous books
Best book he has ever written
Typical JG good light reading
Great Grisham book as always!
Good read but ended abrupyly.
Not my favorite Grisham book.
Might be his best book todate
Good escapist "read."
Not one of his better novels.
Boring. Don't waste your time
Differnt from his other works
Grisham is always a good read
Not what I expected.But okay.
Grisham with an edge. Like it
Great book by a great writer.
Once again an excellent read.
Loved it!  A different story.
Just finished the Rogue Lawyer, and have to say, I had mixed feelings. Near despair over the way judges, prosecutors, and cops are portrayed as corrupt, incompetent, and brutal. And the state of the legal profession, the sex trade, and people in general. Are things really as bad as Mr. Grisham portrays them? If I ever encounter the system, I hope not.<br/><br/>I see many similarities between the character of the serial killer in this book (Arch Swanger) and Travis Boyette in The Confession (q.v.). In that book, the protagonist also tries to get the killer to show him where the body is buried, lies about everything, and causes much mayhem for the hero.<br/><br/>Not as good as other Grisham novels, but not as bad as some. Plenty of sleazy dark glimpses into the underworld, and the backroom deals going on (at least in some cities). It keeps your attention, I will give the author that!<br/><br/>Weakest parts of the book are Part 2, the prison scene, and Part 3, concerning the Renfro home invasion by cops. Lost interest (no surprises to be found here) and what happened during prison scene was totally unbelievable.<br/><br/>Read it, and judge for yourself.
This is a most disappointing work from a (formally) great author. I understand that he feels he must publish a book a year to meet a contract, but this is what i feel is a "payday" book. Should have left it in the dustbin. No real story, just a bunch of vignettes. At first I couldn't put it down, now after 50 pages, I can't pick it up.
classic Grisham another hit!
Different but more exciting!
Enjoyed it but not his best.
Not equal to his other work.
Great book, one of his best.
Good story, kept my interest
Typical Grisham - Excellent!
good story dissapointing end
Good book after a slow start
not up to his past standards
Great as always from Grisham
Slow start . nothing special
Good book. Over too quickly.
Excellent page turning book.
Great read. Typical Grisham!
One of the best. very funny.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book
Aawill make a great TV show.
Another great Grisham novel.
Another great Grisham novel.
Excellent Grisham, as always
Its a book of short stories.
A good read  but weak ending
Thoroughly enjoyed the book.
Cool character. Fun reading.
Not up to Grisham standard.
One of the best of Grisham.
Awesome like all the others
Another great Grisham book.
Very Grizzly main character
Good reading , not his best
ALittle different but GREAT
disappointing.  disjointed.
One more spectacular novel.
Very good,typically Grisham
Too many different stories.
Another good Grisham story.
OK, but not Grisham's best.
Page turner-,lots of fun!!
it gets better at the end!
Good book and great value!
Great book enjoyed reading
Typical enjoyable Grisham!
Best Grisham book to date!
It was an interesting read
Best book in several years
Good but was not his best.
Fair  plot -- entertaining
Another Grisham triumph...
always hugely entertaining
It would be a great movie!
Dramatic, eventful and fun
My husband loved the book.
Not at his best this time!
Always enjoy John Grisham.
Bad not up to his standard
Not up to usual expections
As much fun as I expected!
Another Grisham good read.
Grisham never disappoints!
Best ever Grisham novel...
Jon Grisham you are better than this , this is  clearly a copycat of the Mickey Haller books but nowhere near as good.
One of his best. Loved it
Typical good Grisham read
one of his better efforts
Reality down to the bone.
Grisham is always tops...
Not Grisham's best effort
Fun read, goes by quickly
I ENJOY HIS BOOKS, ALWAYS
An entertaining fun read.
just not like he once was
Probably one of his best!
Great book...fun to read!
I liked the book, period.
I was really disappointed
Different view on lawyers
Typical Grisham read book
Not Gris Ham's best work.
Best he has ever written!
Good read, abrubt ending.
As always....entertaining
John Gresham at his best.
Easy, enjoyable reading.
One of his better books.
Not Grisham's best work.
ending was disappointing
Interesting legal twists
Not up to his usual work
Definitely worth reading
Not best Grisham by far.
Didn't hold my interest.
His Best book ever!,,,!!
Left hanging at the end.
Excellent diversion book
One of his better books.
I've been a fan of John Grisham's writing since day one. This is the first book I didn't enjoy reading at all.
One of his best ever. K
Really enjoyed the read
The stories were great.
Really enjoyed the book
It was great. To short.
Great read - too short!
Love John Grisham books
Another Grisham winner!
Great book, as expected
Great, one of his best.
Different and fast pace
Very old school Grisham
Grisham is always good!
This is nowhere near the standard that I am use to in a John Grisham novel.  I found this book to be extremely boring, repetitive and lacked any real substance.  There was no great plot, no twist, no surprise ending, no suspense - just a narrative by Sebastian Rudd.  There is an attempt to bring the characters together but as there is no strong story line it becomes a repetitive explanation of who the characters are and an attempt to weave their stories together.  I was so looking forward to the new "Grisham" and am extremely disappointed.  It really reads like John Grisham was just putting anything together to satisfy a publishers deadline or a grab for cash.  Its a shame it didn't come with a money back guarantee as it would be the first novel of any writer that I would want my money back.  With so many other great reads out there - don't waste your time or money.
The worst Grisham book
Good read. Enjoyed it.
A little disappointing
One of his best books!
Well written. As usual
This is fantisy island
Too many short stories
As expected; good read
Grisham at his finest.
Great stuff, as usual.
Just too disconnected.
This was a great read!
As always a great read
Love to read his stuff
very suspenseful book.
Not his best writing.
i'll be ordering more
This is a great read.
John needs to retire!
I like he's wrighting
Ok. But not his best.
great read as always.
Enjoyed reading this.
a step up for grisham
Just fun all the way!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
This was a mean-spirited, vicious, and grossly biased diatribe against the evils of our justice system. No element was immune -- judges, prosecutors, police, penal institutions -- all were cast as totally corrupt. Only defense attorneys were shown more favorably, but only slightly so.<br/><br/>Along with the unfair attacking, it wasn't even a good book. It was mostly a collection of only loosely connected short stories all written from the first person perspective of Sebastian Rudd, the aptly named rogue lawyer. But long sections just seemed to be pointless filler narrative.<br/><br/>I've read all of Grisham's books to date and consider him to be one of my go-to authors, but this was easily the least enjoyable book of his to date. I always finish every book I read, but I really had to force myself to finish this one.
Another good Grisham
Good fiction reading
Another great story!
I enjoyed this book.
Fabulous page turner
Great read as usual.
Couldn't put it dowm
Great and easy read.
Couldn't put it down
Inspirational writer
not John's best book
A great Grisham read
This was a fun read.
Never a dull moment!
His usual EXcellent!
Make a great TV show
Great book as always
All over the place.
Not one of his best
Excellent as always
Not Grisham's best!
One of grihmas best
Enjoyed every page!
Not Grisham's best!
not worth the money
Disjointed and thin
Nice change of pace
Another great story
Grisham at his best
Very good as always
Gr8 read, as always
Three short stories
Not Grisham's best.
Kept me interested
Not one of hisbest
Enjoyed this book.
It is a good read.
another great one!
Romantic emotional
Another great read
Not his best work.
a good page turner
Entertaining read.
Enjoyable reading.
I loved this book!
Excellent reading.
Enjoyed very much.
interesting story!
Love all his books
Three good stories
first-rate Grisham
I'm quite sure Grisham phoned this one in. Entertaining but not his best work.
I like the ending
Enjoyed the book.
Very good reading
Enjoyed the book.
Great characters.
No his best work.
It was a good one
A real good read!
Lots of twists...
Awesome as always
Enjoyed very much
Great page turner
Like others, my first thought was "The Lincoln Lawyer" and I saw a lawsuit coming. My second thought was this is a book of short stories. My last thought was these are finally being tied together but that was the case only in respect to the items in this lawyers everyday life. I do not like books where I don't like the main character, which is the case for this book. I will not purchase another Grisham book in advance; in fact I will not purchase another Grisham book until I find it at a used book store or the library. I just liked this book  and his previous book . This makes me sad because I have always been able to count on Grisham for a good read.
Three strikes and my favorite author is out. After the last two books I swore I'd given up my Grisham addiction yet I preordered and paid an exorbitant price only to find out it's a collection of short stories narrated by a sad, cynical, boring main character. Not interested enough to finish, wish Grisham had stopped while he was ahead.
One of his best!
short story like
One of his best.
A, joy as usual!
Classic bgrisham
Loved this book.
Okay. Not great.
great fast read.
Great, as usual.
The best one yet
Enjoyed the book
Good  light read
Fun book to read
One of his bests
great as usual!!
Excellent!  Fun!
I don't want to spend money on short stories.  I want a full length novel.  I wouldn't even characterize this book as short stories.  It seemed like one of my favorite authors was grasping at straws.  Just one of these characters would have been a very good read, but the way he did it, was like he needed to fulfill a contract.  Wasted money as far as I'm concerned.  So very disappointed.  I had trouble making it through the entire book.  Come on John Grisham, you're better than this.  The Rogue Lawyer was so much like The Lincoln Lawyer.  Just replace the Lincoln Town car with a decked out van.  Even the driver was familiar.
I'm so sorry John. I still love you, but who wrote this book and signed your name? This is the first of your novels that I feel would make a lousy movie. Were you in a hurry to produce a book by a deadline? I have to agree with an abundance of reviews in finding this story disjointed and unsatisfying. Who cares about Sebastian Rudd? He is a kind of sleazoid character who nobody can like. I agree with his ex-wife and take his visitation time away. Getting back to what I said about the ending was my favorite part, that was because I couldn't wait for it to end! Try again Grisham. I know you can and will do better next time.
Love Grisham but this is one of his best.  I started reading it at 8:30 at night and read until I was finished.  Now I am reading it again.  This is a series of novellas and short stories about the same attorney and his cases.  He is not particularly likeable and is flawed as you would imagine a Grisham hero to me.  There is a wonderful back story about his son.  The characters he writes about are all interesting and all completely sad.<br/><br/>Please read this book.  I definitely want another set of stories about this attorney.  Edward Norton should play him in the movie and there should definitely be a movie.
One of his best
gritty exciting
It was just ok.
Love his books!
One of his best
Very good read!
CLASSIC GRISHAM
Not his best!!!
Loved this book
Very  enjoyable
Excellent book.
very enjoyable!
Loved the book.
Couldn't make it even halfway through this book.  Really, it's a collection of short stories, not a novel.  This is the second Grisham novel in a row that has been, in my opinion, highly sub par for what we've come to expect from him.  They almost feel forced, as if he's under contractual obligation to crank out a novel every year, regardless of whether or not it's worthy of his reputation.  I've read almost every legal novel written by John Grisham and loved almost all of them, but I can't recommend wasting the time or money on this one if you're expecting vintage Grisham.
This book is essentially a series of short stories about a sleazebag lawyer.  He says that he must break the law because the police and other law enforcement types are all corrupt.  This is the kind of nonsense that turned an attack on a police officer into a series of riots when the violent perp was turned by the media into a "gentle giant".  I, for one, am sick of having those who protect the public demeaned.  Strangely enough, Grisham probably doesn't realize his main character comes across as a scumbag.  No wonder everyone hates lawyers
Christmas gift
Good story....
Very enjoyable
Good not great
Good storyline
Worth the wait
Fun read . . .
Enjoyable read
Fast fun read!
Great reading.
OK story plot.
I enjoyed this
Dissappointed.
Excellent read
Very good book
Fabulous yarn!
Best one yet !
Great rteading
Very enjoyable
I have read all of Grishams book and usually love them. Not this time. Virtually no character development and while I always expect his books to highlight the plight ofthe disadvantaged this was little more than mindess drivel that read more lie a twitter feed for someone trying to convince everyone that our country has no virtue or compassion left and that everyone in jail is a victim.  I like hus typical cheer for the underdog approach but this one had no compelling character to cheer for. I hope that his next one is better.
Not his usual
Awesome read!
Not his best.
His best ever
Great!!!!!'nn
To many cases
A page turner
disappointing
Not his best!
Not up to par
great stories
Vry good read
Disappointing
disappointing
Good read....
a great read.
Great read!!!
A great read.
Starts out as a poor substitute for Lincoln Lawyer by another author. It reads like a bunch of short stories that have cobbled together to make some sense. Characters have absolutely no depth aren't even real. Then the whole premise is that the police are all crooks and liars...and bad bad bad. Such trash coming from someone of Grishams reputation is a disgrace. I've read every Grishom book but never again.  To think I spent $15  to read such drivile is unbelievable.
A good read.
Great  book.
A great reaf
Great story.
Lazy writing
Loved it....
Not his best
It was great
I enjoyed it
Always great
True to form
A great read
Not his best
As a lifelong fan, having read every book written by the author, I was extremely disappointed with his latest work. Apparently the author has run out of ideas for a good fiction and decided to stand on a soapbox for this latest work. He rants about the criminal justice system, the prison system and, law enforcement officers especially. It was as if the book was written by Al Sharpton. It truly is a shame to see how a once good storyteller has completely unwound.
Awful characters, low level plot, cheap ongoing sophomoric jabs at the legal system and police. Sleazy all around. And then there's the Connolly Lincoln Lawyer knockoff. I wonder if he chats with Michael Connolly, writer to writer, said, "Hey, I've run out of steam. I'm gonna do a character just like your Haller. Okay with you?" I stopped half way thru, and sorry I read that far. Last Grisham book for me.He lost my trust in his integrity. Sad.
I was so excited to have a new Grisham book to read but I didn't like it at all. I hate short stories and if I'd known the first half was just short unconnected stories I would never have bought it. When it seemed  Grisham tried to connect the stories it fell flat. the characters were unconnected, boring and there didn't seem to be a real plot. Add to that the negativity of the whole book I thought it sucked and would never recommend it to anyone.
very  disappointing; writing poor and predictable
Wonderful John, a series of short stories without one likable character throughout and a continuing seemingly personal statement by the author that every cop, prosecutor, judge, jury member, citizen is corrupt and not worthy of taking a breath in Grisham's world.<br/><br/>Loved some of his books, and my purchases have added to his millions in royalties. It seems fame and fortune have closed his mind.<br/><br/>Simply an awful book.
Another hit
I loved it.
Great book!
Slow start.
A good read
good story.
Great book!
Great book!
Great read.
Great story
Great book!
The Best!!!
Great book!
Great read!
Great read!
Great story
Great read!
Enjoyed it.
Really good
Excellent!!
Predictable
A good read
Great read.
Great read!
Page Turner
great story
Excellent!!
I liked the book until the first case was over, then he went on to another case! I stopped reading there and googled to see if these cases were connected? was there some central story?  No, just different cases.<br/>So I didn't finish the book, I want to read a whole book on the same characters and plot, not separate cases.<br/>Too bad it didn't make that clear in the Kindle Store.  I could have saved my money.
John Grisham is relying on past success to sell his current poorly written garbage.  In this book the reader is force fed political views and anti police agenda while Grisham glorifies criminals and junkies.  This will be thr last of his books I buy or read.  I should have known better after his last flop.  I would not recommend this to anyone except maybe a felon serving life in prison.
Loved it!!
Very good.
Great read
Good read!
Great read
Great read
Enjoyed it
Great book
Good book.
Good book.
Good Read.
No review.
Good read.
Great book
a fun read
Great Read
Quick read
Great book
Great read
Great book
Great read
Excellent.
Excellent!
Great read
great read
Excellent.
Excellent!
Great book
Consistent
Great book
Good read.
Great read
Good read.
Good read.
Good read.
Great read
Great book
Great read
great book
Very good!
Great book
Loved it!!
A total waste of money. I thought it was going to be one story but it turns out to be lots of short stories. Even one storyline was repeated (ex-wife and son) with the first story being later than the same storyline further in the book. I was extremely disappointed. Wish I had known so I could have bought something else. I read a couple of the short stories and then put it down.
A weak and lazy effort by a great author,
I'm a real Grisham fan.  I've read all of the legal dramas, several twice, and seen all of the movies.  The only thing bad I can say about Grisham's work is that it keeps me up at night.  When I get started on a new one, I can't go to bed until it's finished.  So, when I saw the mixed reviews of this one, I reasoned that even a bad Grisham is better than most everything else ot there.  I've discovered that my reasoning is incorrect.<br/><br/>I purchased "Rogue Lawyer" on Audible and have spent several hours listening to what is really a collection of short stories or novellas.  I struggled through the first one, uncertain if Sebastian Rudd was an interesting character or not.  By the second story, the tale of a thug on Death Row, I decided that maybe Rudd was ok.  I thought he might actually grow on me.  By the time I got to the third story, a sad story of a badly run drug bust and its coverup, I decided that I couldn't stand Rudd's speeches about the police state any longer.  Whether I agree with Rudd's pholosophy or not is really irrelevant--I just can't stand being beaten up with it any longer.<br/><br/>As for my original premise, I was wrong.  A bad Grisham is worse than anything else just because I know he can do it better.  This book feels like he pulled out all of the ideas that never went anywhere and polished them up to meet the publisher's deadline.  I'd like to think that my favorite author wraps it all up in the end but I can't stand to waste another minute to see if it happens.  This one was phoned in.
I got this book at the library so no money lost on it. I am half way through  and taking it back. What a waste of time.<br/>Over the years I have purchased and read almost all of his books and have been<br/>disappointed in recent times - hence the library.<br/>This books is just hateful to many groups of people and was just tiresome after<br/>the first few stories.
absolutely the worst book I ever read. I am a great Grisham fan and have read every book he has written but I can assure you that I shall not finish this one.  Difficult to believe that John Grisham wrote this but if he did than I guess it is time to hang it up and put writing behind.  Cannot recommend that anyone waste their time reading this.
Good read
Good read
Excellent
Excellent
Loved it.
Enjoyable
Engaging.
Good read
Excellant
Just okay
Loved it!
Excellent
Loved it.
Excellent
Easy read
Loved it!
Good read
loved it!
Very good
Loved it!
Good read
very godd
Good book
Loved it.
very good
Good book
Loved it.
Excellent
Good read
Fun read.
Fun read.
Not good.
Good read
Good one.
I keep reading reviews that refer to novels as "page turners"--This is the first novel that I have read in a long time that really keeps you riveted all the time .There are several incredibly ingenious subplots that are always connected in ways that the reader would never guessAs the reviewers would say a "must read" !
I am a huge Grisham fan; couldn't even finish this book it was so bad.  Writing is amateurish, stories are poorly plotted, characters are under developed and uninteresting to the point one doesn't even care about them, and the dialogue is terrible..  I was astonished this was a Grisham book.
I know this a novel, but I have never read such an anti cop novel in my 45 years of reading novels.  The happenings in this book are ridiculous.  I actually laughed when the kidnapper cops came up.  If you are a police officer avoid this ridiculous novel.  It is obviously an author with an agenda, the worst kind.
Disappointing and well below Grisham's usual standard in both substance and style. The narrative was close to incoherent at times. He sure was picking from low-hanging politically correct fruit to set up the stories and descriptions. Pressure from the publisher? This is his worst book and I've read most of them
I was having difficulty being interested in the main character, an attorney whom was just not very likable. I was not exactly being propelled along by the plot, or the character.  My wife said that she would give the book a try. She soon gave up.  Just not a good read or a believable character. Sorry Grisham.
A first person legal thriller with a good pace, good dialogue and some nice action, but most of all I found it a entertaining and fun read.
👍🏻👍🏻
Bad book
Fun read
Fabulous
fabulous
loved it
Loved it
Loved it
Loved it
The BEST
Excelent
Loved it
Awesome!
Goodbook
Awesome!
Best yet
His best
John Grisham was always one if my favorite authors, and i have read all of his books.  I cant believe that he wrote this one.  It is just a series of unbelievable stories with ridiculous plots.  I made it about 2/3 through and gave up on it.  Don't waste your money on this.  I'm sorry that I did.
The worse John Grisham book I have ever read...and I have read all of his books. It is so bad I question if he even wrote it. I saw that it was rated 4 stars so I thought it would be up to his usual standard...wrong....I want a refund of purchase price. Will never again buy one of his books.
Typically I like to look ahead and see the new releases that are forthcoming and I always purchase the Grisham releases on pre-order, but after reading this awful excuse for a book I will never do it again<br/>This is by far the worst book Grisham has written and it is beyond me how it was published or than for his name<br/>it is written as several short stories, no meaning, nothing to compare to in his other books<br/>I would not recommend this to anybody, don't waste your money<br/>Unfortunately there is not an option for zero stars
I have not read a John Grisham book in a long time.  If this is his 'new' style of writing, I will not buy another of his books.  This book was clearly a collection of short stories, not a novel.  Boring.  It is going to goodwill;  I would not even pass it along to my friends to read.
I usually enjoy Grisham's books, but this was very much an exception.  Besides Rudd, every character in the criminal justice system is portrayed as stupid, corrupt or both.  Just not believable nor enjoyable to read.  Couldn't  finish reading the book after about a third of the way.
I love Grisham books and I especially liked Grey Mountain.  This book however didn't even seem to be written by Grisham.  It was too much a copy of Michael Connellys The Lincoln Lawyer.  It was lots of disjointed stories that didn't flow.  I was really disappointed with this book.
ok read
SUPERB!
Enjoyed
Perfect
Enjoyed
Enjoyed
More like rogue author! Normally a fan of Grisham, this was a big disappointment. I might have slugged through the rest of the book, if it had been a complete novel instead of little short stories around a not particularly likable and believable character.
Meh.  I like Grisham's writing and the cases are always interesting.  But this book was a series of short stories somewhat intertwined.  I'd rather read a novel than a series of short stories.  I also am not a fan of how badly he painted the police.
I have enjoyed everyone of Grizham's books but this one is akin to vomit compared to a fine dining experience.  There is no real plot of any sort.  Just case after case and none are at all interesting.  The book does not even end on a good note.
Usually love this author but Soooo disappointed in this Grisham....I think he must have needed some Christmas money because he just phoned it in on this on.  Poor rip off of the Lincoln Lawyer.  Too many Far fetched plot lines... Crappy ending.
I enjoyed every minute. Gresham is in fine form. Story telling at his best. Want to re-read it right away.
Grisham is one of my favorite authors, but this was not a favorite read. It is really a series of short stories with the same character/narrator. I suspect, based on the ending, that there will be more to come. I don't plan on reading them.
Not all scary people are criminals, not all cops are about truth, justice, and the American way, and not all lawyers are scumbags.<br/>A little disjointed and all over the place at times.  Not Grisham's finest but a good read nonetheless.
This book has no redeeming qualities. Sebastian , the protagonist , is a despicable unlikeable attorney with clients that are as unsavory as their attorney. There is no plot to speak of, In other words this book is a waste of time.
I am a huge devotee of Grisham's work and have read (and retread). all his books, with the exception of the Theodore Boone series.  His most recent release, Rogue Lawyer, is not anywhere close to the caliber of previous works.
Awful.
Choppy
Great!
Great!
Great.
Why did I spend so much money for a bunch of short stories. At least have the grace to inform your fans that you are not giving them another of your great yarns. My money could have been better spent elsewhere.<br/><br/>Ken
Not cohesive. Fragmented. Many repeated descriptions and phrases. It has some intriguing sequences, but not his best. Grisham's been a favorite. This was just not a satisfying story, but I'm sure it's tough to keep it fresh.
John Grisham should stop writing books if this the best he can do!  His best book was "a time to kill" and most of the others since that have been predictable!<br/>Sorry but I will not be purchasing any more of his books.
Not the usual case to be investigated but a lawyer looking at the bizarre behaviors of some police people .<br/>Instead of upholding the laws in place they think they are untouchable and can follow their own.
Very disappointing - reads like short stories - characters unlikeable, not believable.  Very surprised because usually he writes at least a readable, if not great, book.  Not this time.  Quit half way through.
Very disappointed. A series of short stories with very little character development. Rudd , the main character in each vignette , seems to be another version of Lincoln Lawyer , who is far superior in my view.
Grisham has written many lousy books lately, but this is the worst. He ought to refund the price to readers. I'm sorry I wasted my time reading it to the end, but I kept hoping it would get better. It didn't.
Pure junk- want my money back-no plot - character goes nowhere- Grisham is becoming lazy in his writing- storyline goes nowhere- if his name was not Grisham nobody would buy this book- what a waist of time
Looks like Mr. Grisham lost his muse. This is not a book - only a bunch of short, very short, stories.<br/>Until now I bought all Grisham books - will consider very carefully my future position.
We have come to expect more from John Grisham. I wait eagerly for his next book as soon as I've finished his current one. This one was just not as well written as most of his past works of art.
This book is not up to Grisham's usual standard.  Mr. Grisham apparently decided to cash-in by whipping out a less than excellent read versus his usual interesting and very well written books.
Should have been told this was more like a book of stories  although the second half did deal with many of the same characters. For me, very substandard when compared to his earlier works.
Good!
Great
awful
Weak!
This is a very fast moving book with multiple characters, who ultimately all get tied in together.  Excellent story and I can see many sequels on the horizon.  I enjoyed it tremendously.
I love Grisham's stories but this first appeared to be a rip off of Michael Connerly and then it wandered.  He has a lots to say but not in this novel form.  And I am a trial lawyer.
The only reason I finished this boring book was that I spent (wasted) money on it.  I'd yet to be disappointed with a John Grisham book. I guess there's a first time for everything.
I wonder if Grisham actually wrote this book. It's certainly not up to his usual standard.  It was disjointed and not very well written. If I could I'd ask for my money back.
Not the best Grisham I've read. The writing was great as usual and I liked the idea of the book but the actual storyline was predictable. It was easy to see Rudd's wins and losses coming. I wish Grisham would get back to his Street Lawyer, The Firm, The Brethren type of days.
Played too much for this ?. When one is desperate<br/>to read a good book turn to the pros. Not necessarily.<br/>Very disappointed with this bundle of gibberish.
I haven't finished the book yet so it may be unfair to draw a conclusion but this book is not a good example of original writing and does not represent the previous style and content of John Grisham's books.  First originality, the Lincoln Lawyer was there first; a street lawyer operating out of a vehicle and no office.  Then, the divorced wife with whom he has problems and the child with whom he would like to be closer but for the opposition of his former wife.<br/>The book seems to be a number of short stories without a storyline tying them all together but, as I said, I haven't finished the book yet and I may decide not to.
Not up to his normal high standard. Very disjointed and no real story to talk of. Very dissapointing, especially as i was looking forward to another great book.
If I could give less stars than one I would. I don't know who wrote this book under John Grisham's name but I imagine it must have really ticked him off.
Good
good
None
Good
Good
A plotless bunch of half-cases in an arbitrary order with a guy that's hard to relate to, say nothing about liking him. Shame, shame John Grisham.
Just did not go anywhere.  Seems as if writer just stopped after giving review of case after case. Appears not even written by John Grisham.
Mr. Grisham , you disappoint me!  The ending was horrible, and it seemed as though you were tired of this story so you ended it abruptly.
Disappointed felt like a series of short stories not for me some people will like it I am sure<br/>Had been looking forward to it too
Grey Mountain was poor fiction. Rogue Lawyer was no fiction at all--it is a polemic against the police. I wish I had my money back.
This is a let's publish something a 2nd steal their MONEY.  Don't bother, this should have been sold as short stories, not a book.
This is awful. Grisham apparently had a deadline to meet, so he threw together a bunch of half-finished stories. Waste of time.
Worse book he has written. Skips around and plot is weak and uninteresting. Does not compare favorably with his earlier works.
This book is a bunch of disjointed short stories. How disappointing!.....I won't be watching for John's books in the future.
The multiple plots in this book were clumsy and rambled too much. I kept reading thinking it would get better- it didn't.
Kept waiting to get to to good story line but it did t happen.  Should be a $1.99 book.  Not a John Grisham like book.
Very little resemblance to the Grisham I know and love. Read everyone of his books and this one is just not up to par.
Once again John Grisham does not disappoint! Great job and, as always I am waiting on the next book. Maybe a sequal?
I would like to give it less. The worst John Grisham book I have ever read. Was it supposed to be short stories?
I believe the author dashed this book off over a weekend.  It left me cold.  Won't read any more of his work.
The Rogue Lawyer was great. Maybe we should just " just shoot some of the lawyers: Mr. Shakespeare.
Sorry, worst of his books. It is sad since I started ready again 20 years ago because of his 1st books.
This man has lost it now he's just waffling there is very little plot and  the rest is very predictable
I expect fiction to be entertainment and I expect to pay for it in proportion to value delivered. This book was a total waste of 15 dollars and I will never trust John Grisham and his publisher again.  I was dumb enough to preorder even though his previous two did not measure up to all of his earlier ones. I have read every one and been a fan for years and a new Grisham book in hard cover my standard Chrismas present for a relative who is also a fan. Not this time. I quit. The pale resemblance to the Haller character has been noted so I will not add my two cents to that unbelievable ripoff. The book was a total boring slog of selfcentered first person narrative rant for the first disjointed half, but I persisted hoping that something worth the effort would finally come forth. No such luck.  No ending. No resolution. No character to engage.  On the final page the lawyer leaves town to find some out of the way motels and golf courses where he can avoid every person and problem in his miserable life; a total cop out. There is no way I can be suckered again into waiting a year on the remote possibility that this loser could be developed into some redeeming interest after such an ending that can't even be dignified as a cliff-hanger. Save your money and do something infinitely more interesting and entertaining, like cleaning the cat litter box or mowing the lawn, or attending your  local council meeting; you get the idea.
I've read every John Grisham book he wrote.  He never disappoints you and it is always an adventure!
Not the usual John Grisham of earlier days.  I would not recommend this book. I was disappointed.
This is a new character who is very active and in your face. I like him a lot.<br/>David W. Lopp
I have rarely been so disappointed in a book or an author I have trusted so long.  So long John
The worst John Grisham book yet!<br/>The story was very disjointed. It was all over the place.
Gift for my "daughter-in-law".  Her favorite author.  I'm sure she'll be happy with it!
This has to be the worst Grisham book I have read.  I usually love his work but not this one.
Made it thorugh two chapters in audio form before I deleted it.  Too irritated to keep going.
This book was essentially a series of random events that might make a good television series
There's no chance Grisham wrote this book. It was either ghost-written or he mailed it in.
I've read every Grisham book. This book reads like someone else wrote it. Disappointing
Ter yuk pooiu Kiki njhgb ,kmjn njbh gift you sea was ft guy l guy my gift Koop kill ki
By far the worst of all of the Grisham books I have read, and I've read a lot of them.
If this had been advertised as a short story collection, I would not feel so cheated.
written at about a fifth grade level - might be good reading for elementary students
I usually love Grisham, but this book were boring, slow and not up to his standard.
One of Grisham's masterpieces.Downloaded it to my Kindle and read it in one day.
Five stars.  Very good, typical Grisham.  He is one of my favorite authors.
Not what I expect from John Grisham. Rather boring and a terrible ending.
Ok
his last 3 books have not been up to par  wil not buy his next one!!!!!
Not one of his best. Main character has hardly any redeeming qualities
Loved it!! So many interesting characters I couldn't put it down!!
Too political..I don't read books to be preached at by a liberal
Not the John Grisham I like. Maybe someone stole his identity
Grisham's worse book. I think he used a ghost writer.
Zero Stars. Very disappointed in this latest Grisham.
After his last book I said I would never buy another John Grisham book again I should have stuck to my thought.  It is not good at all.  Really dumb. If I could return it I would.
Disappointed! Police put in such a negative way!
Didn't like the lawyer, the ending or the book!
jumped around a lot with very minimum context.
Extremely disappointed in this latest effort!
I refuse to pay $14.00 for a Kendel Book !!
I don't care for first person narratives.
Wish I could get my money back for this!!
TOO MUCH LAWYER NONSENSE SHORT ON STORY
Nice to see him resume his best form
borrowed from the Lincoln Lawyer!!!
K
Not up to usual Grisham standards.
Not a review (yet), but a comment. I have never before, with hundreds of book purchases, complained about a price. In this case, however, I believe the price is outrageous for a 350 page Kindle book. Thus, I withhold my review until such a time as the price drops back into a reasonable range. Given the reviews thus far, it shouldn't take long. If the price doesn't drop, I'll pass on this offering. I haven't been overly impressed with Grisham's recent efforts in any case.
Not his best - not enough heart
boring as his last few books
Not his best by a long way.
Too much social commentary.
did not care for it at all
A short story collection
Not up to his standards.
It was a very good read.
Not one of my favorites.
His worst effort by far
Save your money, really
boring waste of time.
Too court oriented.
Very disappointing
very disappointing
A VERY POOR STORY
Not a fan of this book.  It is not so much a novel but a series of unrelated stories about an unlikable lawyer.  Also Grisham gets preachy about how bad the justice system is and goes way overboard about it.  Not to mention he is trying to rip off the Lincoln Lawyer novels by Michael Connolly.  I was listening to the audio book and hated it so much I stopped about 3 hours in and got a refund.  Between this book and the one about the coal companies I'm done with Grisham.
as described
captivating
great book!
Poor effort
Dumb ending
Great read!
Really bad. Needs editing. Truly a lazy, poorly put together effort. If not under Grisham's name, would have been panned. Grisham should be put in the "penalty box" for a couple of years and not allowed to sell this high schoolish type of writing. Truly taking advantage of his reputation and phoning this one it. Truly embarrassing.
Good read.
How sad that John Grisham is trying to pass off this disjointed series of novellas as a novel. Like many, I've read all of his work over the years. Some were outstanding and the others were good. This one is simply awful. And who the hell wants to read page after page after page about cage fighting?  Give me a break!
Enjoyable
Terrible
This 'rogue lawyer' is the last hope for all of us, decent folks. Is the situation that bad in this country already? I do not think so. Grisham follows the news and current technology and, as in some of his previous books, makes bad stories really terrible and improbable.<br/><br/>Not recommended reading for people with common sense.<br/><br/>Grisham is a very successful author, getting bit older now (60) writing in first person singular as someone closer to thirty. His writing is not bad, though.<br/><br/>I did NOT like the book but I have to acknowledge Grisham's professional talent.
Not a novel but a so so collection of stories. Disappointing to say the least. Was hoing for something to sink myteeth into  but this isnt even an appetize.Written carelessly. A shame. Painted House won me over and this one lost me for good.
Far too many similarity to THE LINCOLN LAWYER by Michael Connelly... would definitely struggle with a plagiarism checker... just saying... ;)
A patchwork of short stories woven into a pseudo novel with a questionable central thread. Not the standard expected from John Grisham. Disappointed.
Rambling narrative with no real plot line.  Just rambles along and then has a sudden ending.
From
One of the worst if not the worst Grisham novel to date.  Reads more like an anti-police, anti-judicial system diatribee.
Kept me very interested.
What an awesome book! White people you need to take a long hard look at yourself. What John speaks about white racist small towns, white racist cops anywhere is huge. A big FU to white privilege!
It felt wrong from the very beginning. I kept waiting for a surprise and nothing happened. The characters were unbelievable and unlikable to boot. I'm sorry I actually paid money for this book.
Interesting!<br/>I wanted to see what the number one book was like, since my own is indeed number one but is listed too far on amazon's list for anyone to search through and find.<br/>College Essays by Gillian P. Brown
Awesome!;!!;;
In my humble opinion, his best work
The file will not download to my iPhone but will to my mac... No response from audible as to why nor any fix...
Refuse to pay ridiculous price. Grishams writing has gone down hill, but still demands crazy prices. Just like Nelson Demille.
I haven't read this book. I am a Grisham fan but the price of the kindle edition is ridiculous. I will pass on this one until the price comes down.
Classic Grisham, loved the different story lines, left me wanting another chapter.
