The light within
One of the best books you'll read this year. Beautiful!
Light and Dark in Occupied France
Far-reaching, heartfelt, but falls short
Of all the brightnesses we can’t or don’t allow ourselves to see, the capacity for goodness in the face of evil is the brightest
I shouldn't have liked this one, but I did.  A lot.
Some of the Light, Anyway...
...good writing...bad story/ending.
Almost unbearably delicate, almost unbearably tender; strong as diamond.
Great, but then not so great.
An Amazing Story, full of grace.
Disappointed
dee hession's review
I Think This Book Will Haunt Me for the Rest of My Life
Best Book Ever!!
Okay but not brilliant
Stunning
Wonderful book
Sometimes I wonder if reviewers lack the courage to go against "popular opinion"..
Modern masterpiece
I like books that take me to another time
(And I love WWII stories)
Is that all there is?
Beautiful!
" It felt more like vignettes that didn't even connect until the book was ...
All the point we cannot see
Masterfully written and deeply moving
I Had High Hopes, But They Were Dashed.....
So Very Disappointed.
not for me
Cannot See the Point
Doerr is a real master of beautiful prose but many of his details are off
I found that the German boy's character development was portrayed beautifully. However
A different WWII story
I just plain didn't like it. The writing was fabulous but the story ...
Absolutely Beautiful!
Book clubs will pore over its details as many glasses of wine are enjoyed. But despite its obvious appeal
A magnificent first half, a flawed second half
Beautiful prose but hard to follow storyline
Exquisite Work with Muted Pay-off
a good start to a interesting story in the beginning
Just because it's set in a war doesn't make it interesting.
Of science, magic and war
Did somebody else take over as writer halfway through this?
A rare gem indeed...
The light we CAN see
This is a beautifully written book
There are too many good books out there..
Unseeable light; irresistible masterpiece
Feel their stories'1
still reading "All the Light We Cannot See" and completely bowled over.
Disappointed
In my mind, this is already a classic.
Innocence & Mystery in Saint Malo
We finally see the light and it's brighter than the stars
Cheesy Melodrama
I have a new favorite book!
A New Classic is Born
The Simultaneity of Instants
Sublime
Stunning
Well that was unsatisfying....
We can see so much more
A Touching, Beautiful Book
Just read it
All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr
Touching story about how our lives influence all we meet.
Excellent
I feel like it's been decades since I fell into the rabbit ...
A Beautiful And Enlightening World War II Novel
It Could Have Been Even Better
In spite of all else, our spirit goes on................
An ambitious, masterfully written look at hope and compassion during World War II
A powerful narrative from the perspective of children caught in changing history.
A Modern Classic!
Anthony Doerr's Big Novel
Simply Beautiful
Loved it!!!!
Sublime!
Mesmerizing book!
Sorry, I don't understand why everyone is raving about ...
Exquisite and Heartbreaking
Had potential but was too slow moving for me.
Overwritten Downer
All the endless descriptions that I cannot unsee
a lovely book but just a little too slow for me.
undoubted success
All the Words that Come in Threes
Could not wait for this book to end- way too long!
Loved the book . . . didn't like the ending!
Exquisite novel; very poorly narrated
Touching panoramic novel of a slice of WW2
I finished it only because I don't want to waste the 6 bucks I paid for it
Did not live up to the hype for me
All the Light We Cannot See
This could have been a great book! It was not.
First half was beautifully written and had the potential to weave all the ...
Great book, weak ending
Amazing and Tragically Beautiful!
Falls short
Just because the subject matter is WWII and the terrible way the Germans treated other people and their own ...
Not for me...
Humanity In the Depths of War
This is a magnificent book! The author is truly ...
Immersion in two WW2 unusual characters
Now my very favorite book of all time
I loved it, and hope you read it
Slow. Boring. Lacking any innovation on an over-produced time period.
CRAP
What?
I am obviously missing something - again
Best Book of the Year
The way author Anthony Doerr alternated each chapter to cover Marie-Laure's life and Werner's life you were never bored. After t
Fascinating, can't stop reading!
Gorgeous Book
ALL THE LIGHT WE DON'T STAND STILL TO SEE
A Gifted Writer Shares a Wonderful Story
All the light w cannot see
A great tale of two intersecting lives
A beautiful, rich, unforgettable novel from one of our finest writers
Maybe my expectations were too high?
Beautiful Story, Hated to see the story end.
Disappointing.
We LOVE audio books
Amazing tale of a time most have never known.
Stunningly Beautiful Book
WOW
All The Light We Cannot See
Grossly overrated and sentimental
Good, but could've been great
It is more than light that we cannot see!!
Unforgettable
Choppy
Masterwork
Beautiful Story
Enlightening
beautifully written
Too many characters & hard follow the alternating persons & chapters.
A Beautiful Portrayal of the Human Spirit
An engrossing, beautifully written novel in WWII period from a unique perspective
A wonderful chronicle of not only the endurance of those surrounded by the chaos of war, but of their hope to persevere!
grippping
Inspired historical fiction
Guess it just wasn't for me
Amazing.
LIGHT so Bright It Hurts
I struggled reading this book
I tried to love it
Great read!!
Illuminating novel
Luminous
A touching and beautifully written story
Brilliant story and History during WWII
Great read
A Real Gem
My new favorite book!
Doerr, returns to the world of a blind person ...
Not just another WWII story
Wonderful Book
Seeing things differently!
HISTORY AT ITS' BEST
haunting and lyrical and beautiful
Decisions during War
Surviving in a world  of madness
Not Just Another War Novel
with great character development and a writing style that lets you ...
Wonderfully written novel
INNOCENTS CAUGHT IN WAR
Whew
beautifully written, Anthony
beautifully written
Great Story
Heartwrenchingly beautiful writing
Loved this book
A masterpiece
Couldn't put it down!
Excellent book
Brilliant story by an excellent author.
Brilliant!
I could not put this book down
A beautiful and unusual tale
Love to read
Fascinating
Raw view of WW 2 shows heart and suspense
A Good One
Wonderfully written
Inspirational Story
Wonderful storyteller
Awesome read, highly recommended.
Beautifully crafted story
Already recommending it to friends
Compelling read
Rich, Complex and Challenging
A GREAT READ !
great book
Page turner
Haunting
Read This One
WWll
Had to read this book twice. So full of color and feeling.
Brilliantly written...
Highly recommended
Best Book So Far This Year
A great read
"Open your eyes and see what you can with them before they close forever."
loved this book
A BEAUTIFUL STORY
A Must Read!
Well done!!!!
Enlightening
I loved this book.
Very moving story!
Brilliant book
timeless tale
Wow what a great read!
One of the most beautifully written books I've read in a long time.
A lovely, beautifully-written novel
Good Historical Fiction
Awesome!
Favorite book
A beautiful book about a tragic time
My book of the year
Beautifully written
Wish I could give it 9 stars.
This Book Made Me Cranky--In a Good Way!
Excellent, beautifully written
Haunting
Beautiful story
All the Light
There was nothing about this book I didn't love.
less is more
Might go back and reread again.
All Stars
AMAZING!
Extraordinary story of love and courage
Historical fiction in the finest sense
Beautiful story, beautifully written
All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr
I'm blinded by tears, and I can't breath.
A cast of unforgettable characters artfully portrayed to the reader in very descriptive prose.
How can we see if we don't pause to listen to others
I would recommend this book for a book club discussion
Great story
Anthony Doerr's 10 Years of Effort is His Reader's Gain
Beautifully written.
One of the best reads this year
Compelling
Thought Provoking
A book about not seeing what is going on around you disguised as a novel of WWII.
A Superb Book
"Open your eyes and see what you can with them before they close forever"
Turns in Your Hand like a Perfectly Tuned Antique Pocket Watch
Where the Light Shines
All the Light We Cannot See is Pleasantly Surprising
An intimate retelling of a story you think you know!
"Open your eyes and see what you can with them before they close forever."
Courageous children and love's arc
A Gem
All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr
Fiction as it can be.
There was nothing that I did not simply love about this book
Breathtaking, Intricate, Word Painting at its finest!
Superb tale of WW2
THIS ONE'S A KEEPER!
Hard to Review
Is there a name for a short chapter book?
Best Book I have read in  all of 2014
"You must never stop believing." - Madame Manec
A Beautiful Masterpiece
"What the war did to dreamers"
Of youngsters in the War, of whom few tales exist.
“Open your eyes…and see what you can with them before they close forever.”
Richly drawn characters and a compelling plot
A gem: don't be surprised if you are sorry to see those two little words: "The End".
A fantastic book with great characters and beautiful prose
Beautiful writing, great characters, wonderful story.
Fortunately, the world did not go dark during that awful time in history, and the forces of light overcame the forces of evil.
Excellent novel, beautiful prose!
Review by Closed the Cover
you know a book is phenomenal, when you feel an empty void in your soul after finishing it
There is so much to this book that one just needs to read it
A Masterpiece
prying for some light of happiness in such dark times - but the hope was ...
Doerr writes a masterpiece.
Fantastic book!
Excellent read
Audio Version
"The Great Shuttles of Souls"
A treasure to read.
just beautiful
Great Read
the characters are terrific. Loved this book
All the beauty we do not see
Exquisite is right
Great!
I never thought I could LOVE a novel that featured a Nazi soldier
A true literary masterpiece
One of those stories that stays with you long after you finish the book
Excellent writing that connects you with the characters and circumstances in war torn WWII Europe
she is comfortable going around the streets and the art gallery where ...
Amazing Imagery, But ...
Superb, splendiferous, sublime!!
You will enjoy this story of the German occupation of Paris in ...
Gorgeous build, really beautiful craft in the story telling.
Must read
Best book I've read in a while!
Highly recmmended
A Gripping Read
A breathtaking read!
Three words: Won.Der.Ful.
Great Summer Read
Wonderfully Written
not just good guys and bad guys
A wonderful story; so many kinds of light
Wonderful!
A beautiful tale of overcoming odds and hope
Thought-provoking
Beautifully descriptive
Book club
“A story of two young lives and their remarkable plight”
Engrossing, but far from great.
One of the Most Beautiful and Compelling Books
May Be My Favorite Read Of The Year - Excellent
wonderful
Historical fiction
An outstanding book!
Best book I've read this year
captivating read
Might be the best book I've read all year.
Wonderful Read
And the light we finally see
A MUST read!
Different ways of seeing war
YES indeed this novel deserves the Pulitzer!
Make sure you read this
Excellent read
A Book to Experience, to Savor
Amazing Classic!
unforgettable
A Literary Achievement--Beautiful and Deeply Layered
Loved this!
Brilliant story set in WW2
There are so many short chapters that it makes great bedtime reading at the end of a long day
All the Light We cannot See
Absolutely Stunning
A bit too much detail in some areas but overall a great story. The ending left me hanging - I ...
Parallel Lives
Too much fussiness in the story's organization.
Fantastic!
Wow
ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE should be in your hands now!
I recommend this book with out reservation
What a beautiful story
Grace and power
Poignant - you will not want to stop listening.
Five stars definitely deserved.
Best Book of 2014
Beautiful and Haunting
Stunning and Beautiful Novel set in World War II
Sumptuous novel
amazing
Love it
riveting story line
Some beautiful sentences, but plodded through this book.
I am so glad my sister recommended that I read Anthony Doerr's latest ...
The best book I have read so far this year
Amazing read!
brilliant - and blind
If you like a book to get lost in..........
An easy read with surprisingly-rich content that will leave you thinking
Did not want it to end
Such a beautiful, wonderful book
We Can All Be Heroes!
Fabulous Book Group Selection
The Pulitzers for Fiction are Abandoning their (good) Tradition
Best WWII Book Ever
Pathos and People Versus the Evil of the Nazi Machine of World War II
Loved this Book, Slow, but beautiful read
An Experience
A compelling, riveting story.
Believe the (5) star reviews
Shine your reading light on this brilliant novel
Beautiful and poetic - a gorgeous book!
A Perfectly Balanced Book
Beautifully wrought
One of the best books I have ever read
So incredibly beautiful and sad
This book quite simply is one of the best pieces of literature I have ever read
A beautifully written story
Spectacular
Simply one of the best books I have ever read
Really enjoyed this book!
A good part of this was due to the over short ...
Historical fiction at its best! Great character development
Redemption found in caring for others
See the Light
A Real Treasure
Long, interesting, creative
beautiful
... historical novel from a writer of short stories is beautifully written and dense - as well written short stories ...
Disappointed - Not sure how such a contrived and disjointed book won so much praise?
Before, During, and After WWII: Doerr's Two Shining Characters
The Importance of A House that Would Not Fall
Solid and powerful writing
this is one of the best books I've read
Something Beautiful
Lives up to the hype
Great historical fiction
Read this book.
Deeply moving story
historical novel about WWII from the point view of two young people a German boy soldier and a French young girl who is blind.
Couldn't put it down
and this is a book I will surely recommend to my friends
The best book I've read in quite some time...
Best novel I've read all summer
All the Light We Cannot See -  A Gift to Readers
Wonderful.
This is the most beautiful book I've read in the past few years
The light within
Almost unbearably delicate, almost unbearably tender; strong as diamond.
A standout among WW II novels
I really wanted to love this book but...
Sight without Sight
Engrossing
Beautiful experience of a story
Insight
good read
I will read this book times over before I die
All the Writing We Cannot Understand
Beautiful!
The light I've wanted to read!!!
Beautifully written but I didn't really enjoy it.
Great to Read or Listen to
I loved this book
I'm so happy that I did
Good story, annoying format
Well written and gripping story
making their lockstep normalization of violence and Naziism all the more terrible. The use of language alone is a reason ...
Gorgeous, almost painterly prose
I loved this book
Best read this year!
A Powerful Book
Must read, this year. Amazing story telling.
Beautiful book
Highly anticipated and well worth the wait
so engrossingI
A Book for All Time
And there was light...
Exceptional story
Best book ever
Fabulous
Brilliant Literary Light
An amazing work...
and Doerr makes a good move when he carries the story beyond the war
Most Beautifully Written Book in A Long Time
I loved this book
A lovely, magical human story
fascinating
YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK!
Great Literature Not Merely a Great Novel
Best book I've read in a long time
Heart warming story
Do not miss this book!
Fantasy-based war story disappoints
i may have to juggle my "all-time top 10 favorite books" list to make room for this one
Great characters, suspense, hope
Must Read
Revelations of Nazi Occupied France
This book left me forever changed!
A quietly 5-star work of fiction
Good read!
A must read!
"All the Light We Cannot See was an amazing book - I read 5 books a week for years and this is definitely a classic.
Big, fat book, but it will suck you in!
amazing book
Hearing and living WWII
Great book!
One of the best---
A Perfect Retrospective Of Life Lived
The Lights Open for the Children
All the Light We Cannot See
All The Light....
Five Stars
I described the book to a friend as being the most visual book I believe I've ever read and the metaphors just insist they be be
A Lack of Lightness
All the Light...
The author is so descriptive of surrounding details in some chapters and cuts other chapters so short it is almost painful to re
Terrific - Hope next book takes less than ten years
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
A great book!
Enthralling
It was beautifully written, with such heartbreaking truths about war and ...
Vantages from Another Time
Outstanding
full of sadness and joy
Spectacular Writing
This was a great read. The writer kept my wrapped attention
“All the Light We Cannot See” is more than a thriller and less than great literature. As such
Five Stars
Don't miss this.
Radio wars
great book!
A delicately-orchestrated story of grace and human connectedness set against the backdrop of France and German during WWII.
A Captivating, Intricate Tale by an Expert Storyteller
A must read
Destined to Become a Classic
A Modern Day "Les Miserables?"
A Profound Read
This is a wonderful wartime story of two children one French and one ...
... the very top of my list of the most amazing books I have ever read
Told with short, powerful images and scenes
I can't think of anyone who I wouldn't recommend this too.
A Book to Savour: All the Light You Cannot See.
France Struggles Against Nazi Occupation
A life-changing book
Every person can make a difference.
A intriguing Novel with a Superb Plot
Never read a book by Anthony Doerr; but that has changed. A++++
A Good D Day "Anniversary" Book
Caution: May cause tension headaches
A beautifully written, poignant tale of the indomitability of the human spirit
Challenging chronology
This book will stay with me for a long time
excellent
Sublime
An excellent book that shows the human side of soldiers and civilians fighting and living in a war zone.
After slow start, it captivates ...
A Masterfully Created Work.
Didn't think it would be my thing...
I enjoyed this book very much
The Pulitzer Prize winner for a reason
Five Stars
Felt dragged out and as a result loses effectiveness
Simply brilliant.
A gripping good tale
A masterpiece of 2 souls in WW2
Great premise, but very slow with an absurd number of metaphors.  Reader in audio version had an awful French accent.
I LOVED THIS BOOK
Every once in a while I enjoy and respect a book so much that I want ...
excellent
All The Book I Had To Read
really liked it
Beautifully written.
How can I love this book so much?
fantastic!
Favorite novel
He is an excellent
Excellent
All the Light We Cannot See Review
This is a masterpiece of Art and will ultimately be compared to best of the great artists-and receive a well deserved place ...
One of the best books I have ever read
Masterful stories intertwined
Amazing Book by a Brilliant Author
This was a wonderfully written story
Finest novel I've encountered in a long while
One of the best books I have read recently.
in my estimation is one of the greatest American novels to surface in recent years
A gift to prose
amazing mosaic of pieces of time , of lives shattered and connecting
Incandescent
I don't know why I enjoy books about WWII and Germany
This was a good story and Doerr is a good writer but I ...
Wonderful!
Good story but lacking finesse
All the light we must see
A good vision of what history
This book was amazing! I had never heard of it before
Best. Book. Ever.
Werner and Marie-Laure...Thank you, Anthony Doerr
Very good, but could have been even better.
Stunning imagery
A wonderfully realistic story.
Near perfection
A book that will long live on my book shelf.
This was a great book about about living during war time without being ...
Love it
Enjoyed reading this book
A German boy, French girl, and a precious stone
How can such sorrow bring joy?
Not so much a romantic story as a testament to inherent goodness in the worst of times and an exploration of the human casualtie
Mr Doerr crafts does a remarkable job of crafting two ...
Enchanting Story
Four Stars
literary cocktail recipe
A fine book.
Not That Impressed
This is one of the best books that I have read in a long time
We'll both keep recommending this fine masterpiece and will talk about it for many moons
Amazing!
a magical read
Should be required reading for all youth!
A Touching and Poignant Account of WWII History
a sensational novel hard to put down
Don't miss this one.
I loved the beautiful way the author entwines the characters and ...
I would highly recommend this book
Masterful
WWII, personal suffering and courage, unrequited love - This book has it all!
The best I can say is what I said before
This was an excellent story. I will admit that
One of the best books I've read in a long time
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt within the heart- Helen Keller
Like Mozart's Requiem
Beautifully written and emotionally captivating
KUDOS TO ANTHONY DOERR!
Good Book with Reservations
Five Stars
Definite recommend.
provides only the briefest encounter -- like the soft touch of a gentle bird that is ...
Fantastic!  Amazing!  More please?!
emotionally devastating......
Superb yarn
I like the style of writing
A creative and touching take on World War II
I thought it was boring. The characters did not hold my interest
My Favorite Book of 2014
Light in the darkness of war
This is a brilliantly constructed novel by an author who is brilliant with ...
Wonderful reading
inside another world
All the Right stuff in one Book
A rare find, truly memorable
Just finished this great Novel,"All the Light We Cannot See"
Not to be missed
Life in War
What a brilliant book! I have loved Anthony Doerr's work since ...
One of my favorite books!
Accessible Art
Not for me so much
and showed great sensitivity covering characters who were enemies to each other
Visible Light
Could not finish this book but I don't want to give it a low rating. It just wasn't for me.
A Perfectly Beautiful Book
Beautifully written!
Beautifully compelling.
Unforgettable
Incredible story
Beautiful writing, endearing story. The title is spot on!
Five Stars
Poignant and superbly written
There are none so blind as those who will not see.
I See Why It Won the Pulitzer Prize
Powerful story.
Disappointment
All the Light We Cannot See
WWII Through the Experience of Ordinary People
One of the most beautiful and heartbreaking books I've read this year
One of the best of the year.
One of the best books I have ever read!!!
Five Stars
Savor this wonderful book!
Strength and resilience in the turmoil of World War II
Beautiful
Sadness, love and bravery wrapped in a good read.
Lived there while reading
Depiction of European cities pre and post war is amazing
Great book. Their are so many interesting threads
Five stars, plus
All the Ways to Communicate
Making the Invisible Visible
Beautifully written and poignant story of a young girl and ...
A superlative historical novel!
tender, sad, exhilarating
Blindness
... book but I just don't think it was as good as most people think
Give yourself a present
A meaningful description of WWII through the  eyes of a blind girl in France and a bright scientific boy in Germany.
Gorgeous book
Children, War and Nature
Destined to be a literary classic, so beautiful
A subtle symphony
I was disappointed. Very clever plotting
a new vision
Good Read
I loved this book
Thought provocative story
Unforgettable, amazing and inspiring.
Beautiful, good read!
Outstanding !
I highly recommend this book
Five Stars
A great read that's hard to put down
A GREAT STORY WITH GREAT CHARACTERS
A multi-layered novel that is an excellent read. Beautifully written this book is a historical ...
Unique reflexions of souls
Make time to read this book!
All the light we cannot zee
This is an incredible story - light is themed from ...
It's written beautifully. Character development is incredible
A Gripping Tale of Two Young Children, a French Blind Girl and a German Orphan Boy during World War II
A Great Read
Anthony Doerr takes the reader right along with the characters ...
A Captivating Look
incredible read
raised in a German orphanage by a caring woman who allows his love of radios and technology to grow and develop until ...
Best book of the year
A story of courage and resolve in war-torn Europe.
Five Stars
Well-written, beautiful story
Exceptional in many ways
A Reality Page-Turner
A Haunting Tale!
What an amazing book! Poignant and yet unsentimental
Five Stars
Extraordinarily beautiful book
Well worth the time!
Dual Perspectives
One for the ages
This is easily the best book I've read in a decade
excellent book once you are able to get past the gruesome details of war's atrocities
How can I convey in words my thoughts on this  book?
It was so real
A good read, with some real substance
See how it is possible to see through all our senses and wonder why we are in such a hurry
Then it just sort of fell apart and I felt disconnected from the characters and disappointed. If I would have known it was going
Enjoyable, but.......
This is a book that beautifully relates how serial invasions by German forces
Incredible writing.....
I am a retired veteran from the Army signal corps ...
WWII as seen through the eyes of the children.
I loved this book
A worthy read
Beautiful writing, but didn't find the story compelling
Good read
An excellent book!
"All the light we cannot see " a wonderful read!
Beautifully crafted
One of my favorite books of all time.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gorgeous Writing
All the Light We Cannot See
What a beautiful read!
Anthony Doerr laced together two magnificently gripping stories so brilliantly it appeared effortless
I loved this book for many reasons
tribute to the human spirit
Awful! Tedious and Boring!
The writing was like poetry-the prose so descriptive
This is a beautifully engaging novel which follows the lives of two young ...
Wonderful!!!
It was more like the author was showing off his command of English ...
This is one of the most wonderful books I have ever read
great story
An must read for fiction lovers...
A superb story beautifully told.
This is a wonderful novel. It was chosen as a selection for ...
Bravo!
This is not a book to be read on Kindle ...
The Story Felt Very Real
The One Book To Read
The prose is indeed beautifully written - a joy to read
If you read only one of the many WWII books this season, make this one.
The author's imagery is beautiful and the similes and metaphors are beautiful
German soldier -- but it turned out to be one of the most beautiful books I have read in some time
WWII History Buffs will love!  St Malo is Accurately Described based on studying abroad
An unexpected pleasure
I enjoyed it immensely and plan to read other books written ...
piercing characterization, unforgettable
All the Light We Cannot see
Remarkable!
I thought I would enjoy this book
A True Marvel
beautifully written but disjointed
Somewhat difficult to read
haunting and memorable
Unusual and thought Provoking, Splendid Story
Very enjoyable!
"All the Light We Cannot See" was possibly the best piece of writing I have ever read
Doerr Brings All the Elements of His Previous Stories to a Wonderous Culmination
ALl the light we Cannot see:  Review
This is one of the most beautiful books I have ever read
First book I have loved in a long time.
I loved the author's use of the English language
I love, love
See in the Dark!
Beautifully written. The language and waving in of images ...
Enjoyable read
STUNNING
I read great reviews of this book which is why I bought ...
READ IT!
A lovely book about a not so lovely period of history.
Subtle and quiet...
Exceptional book worth the time to read it
A Must Read
Must read
A book you want to clutch to your chest
A Very Moving Story
Beautifully Written
PURE MAGIC!
Interesting but not a thriller
Fantastic Book - Highly Recommend!
Magical and Tragic
An absolutely brilliant book and written with such beauty and tenderness
Superb
A Perfect Historical Fiction Picture is "All the Light We Cannot See"!
Disappointing ending
Beautiful
Didn't want it to stop...
Unsure from reading the synopsis that I'd like this book
I recommend this book to anyone who loves WWII stories
All the Light We Cannot See is an excellent book. Anthony Doerr's writing is excellent
Not worth the award s
Excellent book!
A moving glimpse at the human toll of WWII
... characters against the back drop of one of the worst events of the last 75 years
Don't miss reading this book!
Great perspective with the two characters living the difficulties and ...
Read this book.
Wow - very powerful
Magnificent!
Literary Genius
One of the best
Seeing when you cannot
A novel with feeling
A wonderful story about a German boy who is a radio ...
Didn't really like this book
Fabulous novel! As engaging as any book I've read ...
Can I give this book six stars?
well written, I would recommend this book.
Beautifully written
Review
Absolutely Fantastic Read
Best Read of the Summer so far!
Phenomenal Book
Best Book for 2014
beautiful read
) I loved the in -depth feelings and personalities of the two ...
What we believe an so what we are told
Captures you into an untold and unexpected WWII story.
A Wonderful Read
Five Stars
Astounding
Lyrical and Touching
What a great book. I loved the style
excellent
A gorgeous book
beautiful, tragic, human
Five Stars
This book ranks up there with my top 5 favorite novels of all time
I thought this was a beautifully crafted story
an artist of prose
Great Read
What really happened.
Loved thr structure of the story
Best story of the decade
Best Book of the Year!
Best I've read in a long
Be Sure You Read This Book
You will love this book
Beautiful book
Beautiful and subtle
Loved it!
Great read!
War is terrible but the human spirit is stronger.
A truly beautiful story, one I couldn't put down.
Don't Miss This One
magnificent
It is wonderfully written, and a testament to courage and humanity ...
Engrossing!
stunning
excellent read
A interesting storyline about the psychology of the German rationale about the best and purest.
An illumination of humanity and war, drawn by teenagers
Must read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Magically Poetic.
Five Stars
Good read
An interesting, informative book
wonderful read
What Makes Us Keep Reading
wonderful!
You won't be disappointed
All the light  We cannot see
So beautiful.  I'll be looking to read more by this author.
Glorious
A wonderful read
Marvelous writing. Compelling stories. Interesting juxtaposition of each ...
True seeing.
An excellent historical fiction of WWII
Beautiful Book
A lovely book
Definitely NOT just another WWII story
a treasure
Didn't want it to end
This is Doerr's best work to date.
Absolutely awe-inspiring
masterpiece
Wonderful Story
Beautiful novel
Best Book I Have Read In a Long Time
Great Read
Loved this book!
A good solid read..satisfying.
Unique story about the children in WWII
Amazing Author!
Best book I have read in a long time
Wonderful story
All the Light We Cannot See
Best read for ages!!!
Beautiful
Wonderful -unusual novel for the period !
his best yet
unique point of view on WWII
all the light
The blind see more than most
Unforgettable
Compelling Storytelling!
Wonderful!
One of the best anti-war books I have read
Excellent anytime goodread
A wonderful story of real people in a war time setting.
best book this year
Very good read
Well done
Wonderful story of courage and resilience
The fortunes of war
Interesting take on a WWII era novel.
A wonderful read
A must read. So that we never forget.
very good book
AMAZING TURN OF EVENTS
A very good and interesting read!
excellent read
A thoroughly enjoyable book
pretty good book
Great Read
A Masterpiece Of Historical Fiction
beautiful
Page Turner
Savor this one.
Poignant story of survival
War,  hardship, and two young lives
Compelling
Great book
A remarkable book--
Loved this book
Dazzling, disturbing, and wonderful
teleportive
A lovely book
But, yet, she could "see"
A delightful work with characters so real, that you would love to meet them.
W\ow!
Great read
Masterful Narrative
A worthy read
Beautifully written
Wonderful and exciting
BRAVO
Lyrically beautiful.
A thoughtful and moving novel
A jewel about a jewel
Beautiful and Tragic
You won't want to put it down!
Five Stars
One of my favorite books of the year.
Good characters
So this is what they mean
It goes on endlessly
I couldn't recommend more the novel
A literary gem of love (not romance) and war
Insightful German/French perspective of WWII
"All the Light We Cannot See" is a novel about ...
Awesome book
WW II
Five Stars
COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN,,
Wonderful read
Loved, loved, loved!
A very good book!
Do not miss this!
Sometimes a Five Star Book -- Sometimes A Three Star Book
Good Story
Exceptional
We seemed to mostly agree that the story was a good one but the back and forth narratives got to ...
Too much genius lost
To Those Who Like a Great Story Teller
Nice story
Rich, complex characters and compelling storyline!
Not what I expected
Brilliantly written book
Engaging but slow
Best book I've read in awhile.
Exceptionally moving, superb historical fiction.
Loved, loved
Being blind helped a French girl survive WWII
Not a good as expected
A Very Worthy Read
A beautiful book.
Fully Deserving of the Pulitzer Prize
An Insight into the Struggles of Ordinary People in a Devastating War
Still reading this book.
... THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE" is "one of the best novels" that I have read in over 50 years
This is a beautifully written book
Very well written, insightful, life through the eyes of a blind girl and German soldier
the courage in some of the characters was amazing. I was a little disappointed in how the ...
exquisite!
a bit disappointed
A lovely story
It was recommended to me but I found it was jumping around ...
Can the blind see in their darkness?
Stunningly beautiful.
I did not want it to end!
Excellent read.  The end dissatisfied me but otherwise
Best read this year!
Compelling and original
Excellence consists of not just great beginnings but also great endings
A "light" we should remember and not repeat
Wonderful read
This book was exceptionally well written and well researched. ...
Outstanding book about coming of age in a dark world in the early 1940's during the War.
A surprisingly great read
Great Storytelling
but got better as I went on
Just wonderful
Read the book, worth the hype
Gut wrenching. A difficult read but well worth the effort
Do we see at all?
The prose in this book is beautiful but it comes at the expense of the story ...
The Price of War...
A Light For Minds And Hearts
Light as Subtext
Definitely worth reading
Great book! I did the kindle/audible combo
Lyrical prose, with a philosophical tone. The text ...
... characters and their actions that was one of the best suspenseful, yet hopeful stories that I have ever ...
Beautiful novel!!
Brilliant * Reading this book is truly a privilege
Exquisite Read
same o same o
Lackluster Story
Unique WW2 story.
A Compelling Read
Brilliant story telling!
I read a fair amount for a monthly book club ...
maybe high brow - definitely boring. Well written though
WAR..WILL WE EVER LEARN?
Lovingly written!
all the light we cannot see
But this novel is so wonderfully written in such a clear style with such vivid ...
Spectacular Mastery of Language and Imagery
Survior
While the storyline was very good and the ending powerful
A great book for bookclub discussion
Excellent book about well-developed characters in WWII
How to feel about this book?
Inspiring
Interesting WWII era experience!
Great story!
One of the best (if not the best) WWII-era books I've ever read
I found it a little tedious at times
An excellent read
... the reader into the historical time and place with amazing use of figurative language
All the Light We Cannot See
A must read!
Intriguing
Beautiful and unforgettable
An amazing and beautifully written book,
Incredibly human and beautifully told, I would recommend this book
Outstanding Novel Well Worth Your Time
Unusual and beautifully written
Great writing. Bad ending.
Lord of the Flies, with Nazis!
always a provocative topic — and the predilection of the human spirit to survive even after losing all that is good in life
The crisp pages of the new novel turned quickly as it was read by the light of the lamp at night
A Nice Read,  But Too Much of Too Many Good Things
Nicely written, could be developed
The oxymoron of a beautiful novel set in WWII
A Book Everyone Should Read--All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel
A key to beauty and to violence
Not really understanding why I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars
I had to give it 5 here) This book kept popping up on my recommended feeds all over the place
Amazing!
A book of astonishing emotion, complexity, minutae, and suspense.
Not Your Usual World War II Story!
Mesmerizing--couldn't put it down!
Incredible! Highly recommended!
Great story with a WWII setting
Great Writing... Mediocre Story
ambitious, promising, confusing, bleak, disappointing ending
Science and Symbolism
The author does a masterful job interweaving the various story lines.
Just beautiful.
a fantastic read
Outstanding Superlative Epic Novel -- Don't Miss This One!
“All the Light We Cannot See”  by Anthony Doerr
World War II novel set in Germany and France - Interesting characters and plot twists
Coming of age in Hitler's web
Best Book of the Year!
A Book That Finds Light In All the Darkest Places
Pure Genius on paper
A GREAT TALE TENACITY AND COMPASSION SET AGAINST THE HORRORS OF WAR
“All your life you wait, and then it finally comes, and are you ready?”
An absorbing story but not as riveting as I had hoped it to be.
A bright, shimmering masterpiece.
a good book
Liked the Story and Writing Craft
Shining a Light on Humanity in the Darkest of Times
A Great Book for Writers to Learn From
Gorgeously written, thrilling story - perfect combination
A book in the tradition of Dostoevsky
It's terrific! What more can you say?
In a word: Powerful.
This is one of the greats!
My favorite book of 2015 (so far)!
Patience Pays Off As The Story Unravels
I could read this book again and again
seeking light during dark times
A Masterpiece With Nuances for All
... German occupation of France is a page-turner at its best. Beautifully written
An excellent author writes about two children growing up during World War II, one French, one German, one blind, one orphaned
Beauty and light in dark times
All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr: A review
Luminous
All the Light I Do Not See...Yet...
I’m glad I did
Too beautiful for mere words
Intricate and thought-provoking...
great use of history, well-written & authentic characters
Liked the story, but could have been a bit shorter
The Light Stirs Among The Pebbles Like The Titanic
Deserves to be read
Literature of the highest caliber, a story for the ages
Interesting ideas and flashes of very good writing in need of tighter editing
Best book of the year!
When you finish a loved book, as the final page is turned and ...
while I love stories with multiple narrators
Masterpiece of Illuminating Language
Not All Who Have Eyes Can See
leave you satisfied..
I felt transported reading this novel & did not want ...
Lovely writing, somewhat boring
All the Light We Cannot See
Amazing Story Unsatisfying Ending
Good but not Great
Surprising very good novel
Enthralling, engaging and endearing
A GOOD READ FOR WWII HISTORY
Need to read again so I understand it all.
Beautifully written story
Easy to understand the acclaim
A Great Read for Everyone!
Wonderful book
All Of The Memories We Cannot See
Writing a book from the viewpoint of a blind child is brilliant. This provided a totally different perspective on both ...
Let the light lead you on!
In war, who am I really?
quietly resonating WWII novel
Don't miss this book.
Static, Static,.... I hear something....
Much ado about not much plot
This is an exquisite book with a wonderful format---shifting each chapter to the voice and adventures of ...
Paperback vs Kindle Pricing
... the book a 5 star if not for the lame ending. It seems the author rushed at the ...
The author skips around from the boy to the girl ...
Cannot see
Doesn't measure up to all the hype.
Character based fiction, textured with action and symbolism.
A Masterpiece !
perfect but not always easy to read
beautifully written
I loved the characters
Worth reading
... a book club book and lent itself to a good discussion. I read and listened to this book ...
Do read.
Superb
Riveting historical fiction
Fantastic Read!
Moving and Inspiring
All the Light We Cannot See
disappointed
A New Light
UNIQUE & EXTRAORDINARY !!!
A Must Read
Doerr's writing is so beautiful and vivid that I will probably read it again ...
Sad
Just everything you would want in a good novel--and more.
Felt like I experienced destructive war time.
The Horror of War Through the Eyes of Two Young People.
Excellent book! Gives real insight into the German mindset ...
Is This Really the Best Read of 2014?
Doerr does an amazing job representing real life situations and tragedies in this ...
One of the best books I have read
I really enjoyed this
patience required
A Brilliantly Crafted Story from a Time We are Beginning to Lose
Beautifully told
Overly Discriptive.
A Great Read
Hated to have it end
Brilliant storytelling, memorable characters, writing style a bit tedious
Good but maybe not for the beach
this book is beautifully written. The character development is amazing
Great writing, great story and characters, serious whiplash...
is easily dispatched with one bullet
It is a good book, though I expected more. (Very depressing)
A must read for all interested in this tumultuous time in recent history.
A most beautiful read
Beautiful and haunting
An absolute beautiful read
I truly loved this book
A masterpiece!
Beautifully written!
Great Reading
A rare book beautifully written and engrossing - one of those that make ...
Very good book.
Read it!!
Loved this book
A Reading Privilege
pretty disappointing
Facets of Fear and Faith
Enjoyable Book
A future classic
The way the author tied everything together was great. It was easy book to read
but ultimately felt like a book for a younger reader
A Masterpiece!
Creeps up on you
Excellent World War II Novel
A wonderful 2nd WW period piece
A Wonderful Read
Slow & dull
I'll just have to say I liked it very much
her wonderful relationship with her father
Beautifully written but not compelling
A Gripping Story!
A remarkable, unforgettable story, wonderfully written.
Best book I've read this year.
A different war story.
hypnotic and beautiful....I got a knot in my stomach more than once
Doerr has an amazing gift for writing and building suspense
The book of discovering the past
Well worth reading
Beautifully written
Disappointing and so tedious to read!
beautifully rendered, historical fiction
Immediately involving, intriguing, fascinating and intensely aware of ...
Beautiful author's craft
A good read with new perspective
Cumbersome
So good, that I'm re-reading it!
A book that everyone must read!
stick with this book until the end and you will be rewarded
Excellent from first to last page!
A very somber read. Well written, graphic, ...
Doerr Wins Again!
Highly recommend!
very good
So great!!
An addictive read!!!
Wonderful! To see WWII from both sides is cause ...
This was a wonderful book with WWII as a background
A sky full of stars for this heartfelt book
Thoroughly enjoyable read!
Blindness does not prevent seeing.
captivating
but I did not like the way the author switched back and forth with ...
... view of what living through WWII would have been like. I didn't love the ending
Wow.
Boy briefly meets girl after perilous journeys which prepare them perfectly for that meeting. 1% love story is just right.
imagery extraordinaire
Fantastic. Our new book club read
One of the Best I've Ever Read.
Intricately crafted wartime fiction with a few flaws
A Must Read
Great book....highly recommend
Good but not great.
Best Book of the Year!
All the Light You Cannot See
Two words: READ THIS!
Beautifully written, deeply touching
I so thoroughly enjoyed reading this book I was amazed how the author ...
A fantastic read that must be read slowly to fully appreciate
I loved it. I hated it.
he manages to engender sympathy for two members of the Hitler youth ...
An almost perfect novel
A wonderful, lyrical book
Couldn't put this down!
The story is nice but did not like the author style
I did not want to finish it and turn the last page...
Best World War II Book I've Read in Ages
A Must Read!
Writing so good you want to eat it
A Tender and Lovely Story
Almost perfect
Breathtaking
Transporting
Praising Simon and Schuster for the high quality of this digital edition!
Great story
I enjoyed reading it
Grabbed me
Simply fantastic
The character development was wonderfully compelling and quickly drew me in
Wonderful book
A Special Book
Shines a Light on a Great Story
Best Book I've Read in a Long Time
I liked the book and I like the perspective
Boring....
If you are interested in beautiful prose and a wonderful story
The author did a fantastic job researching WW2 and the time period before and ...
Beautiful prose - lovely story, not holiday reading
This is one of the greatest novels I have ever read
Great read, couldn't put it down
Expertly crafted, brilliantly painted
Not your average WWII story
Good story, interesting to read about the German Youth ...
Don't Miss This One!
Good story but there are some sexually vulgar parts that ...
A good read & honest view of war
A beautifully written, tragically honest book
Belle laide, beautiful ugly
rewarding book
A masterpiece
Fantastic read...
Great characters passing in the night
Feel short changed by the ending
Superb read
Well worth your time.
hmmm
Somewhat disappointing
All The Light We Cannot See
One of the most tedious books I have ever read. (actually didn't finish)
magnificent
Loved this book!!  A bit slow at times though
Having spent a great deal of time earning a PhD in 20th Century ...
Lives Collide
Loved this book
I didn't like the quick wrap up ending
Exceptional
Liked it very much
A tad underwhelmed . . .
Brilliant moving stories there's a reason it's been on the ...
Still Pondering the Light we Cannot See
Poetic and Remarkable, but End is a Little Disjointed
Best book I have read in years
This story is the bees knees!
One of the most moving novels I've read in the last 20 years
BITTER DISAPPOINTMENT
Review
Learned both the horrors of the war, and the ...
Excellent read, but with a few minor quibbles.
beautiful, lyrical writing - confusing structure
Great book
As good as it gets
Engaging story well told.
I'm a sucker for books with characters living in the gray area between "right" and "wrong"
I didn't love it, but I still recommend it.
One of the best books I've read lately
A wonderful read
Thought provoking & well written.
I stuck with it though and am so glad I did
Started with a bang but the story went on way ...
So beautiful like a melody that haunts you after the last notes have played.
I didn't learn anything new about the time or place.
Awesome book. It was on high demand at local ...
War from the perspective of children
Beautiful prose, uncanny and moving tale
A must read!
slow read in the beginning
beautifully written
Stunning
Wonderfully narrated arc of people's lives during World War II
Ok
Beautiful writing for an OK story
Great Beach Read...whatever that means.
but I can easily overlook those details because the story itself pulled me ...
Blindingly beautiful writing.
Beautifully written, amazing metaphors
A favorite
What is it that we see?
WWII fiction with a rich interconnected story line
An excellent book
Intricate, elegant.
One of my Favorites
Absolutely wonderful story". It gave me a new understanding of ...
All the Light We Cannot See
boy meets girl in wartime france
Best Book of the Year
Extremely well written.  You cannot read this without gaining a better understanding of Nazi German
A must read!
Great book
This did not disappoint
Beautfully written - I loved it. But it lost me at times.
Thoughtful, Emotional Story
It's about so, so much more than a story about two teens
Wonderful!
The character develope eat is great. Then all of a sudden it kind of ...
The best novel I've read so far this year
This amazing book
The very best novel I have ever read
An impactful story
Just beautifully written...
Europe - and also has great character development - we feel the heavy burden each ...
Fascinating story, but chronologically challenged
Brilliant! One of the best
It is a wonderfully written book
Beautifully written, emotionally compelling story of the parallel lives ...
Was hard to see this book end....it was THAT good .
Has me dreaming
Particular lives facing a particular time
Disappointing.
war
AN INCREDIBLE BOOK
All the Light We Cannot See
This book is amazing. When I read the summary
A great story, worth thinking about its characters for years...
Simply amazing. I would have preferred the story have been ...
One of the best books you'll read this year. Beautiful!
Wonderful book
if you read only one book this year " All the Light" should be it.
A novel full of character challenges with many unexpected outcomes.
An amazing book...wow!
Well-written but too long
A boy a girl a stone a war
exploring the theme of light
Beautiful 21st century literature
Imagined that I wanted to be with these people
What a great read! The characters are great and the imagery ...
Five Stars
I really tried to like this book
Put this high on your must-read list
Read It
An intense and great read
an absolutely beautiful book.
Read this biik.
Great book! I like the author's style of rotating ...
beautifully written
Best book I've read this year
historical fiction fans must read
Great story
Could have been much better
faith and reason
All the Light We Cannot See
Not Worth The Effort
Great Book!!
Excellent writing and good story
Great Reading for Spring Break
and this is easily the best I've read in years
Good but not great-more like a movie then a book.
Doerr is a clever writer and has an excellent grasp of how to drive the narrative and keep ...
Nouns as Verbs but What Do I Know!
An outstanding and haunting historical fiction novel!
LIfe Goes On; Memory Lingers
A Unique WWII Novel (you don't want to miss!)
I must be the only person who can't get into this book.
All the magic in this little tale.
So wonderful, and so sad that it ended
Significant
Insightful
I loved this book
Beautiful imaging.
A Unique Piece of Fiction
The Light We Cannot See  - a beacon of hope in the midst of despair
Couldn't Put it Down!
A Must Read on your 2015 Book List
Equistitely written. A must read.
How can you not rave about this book?
Do yourself a favor and read this book!
Long Read...but Good!
Well Written Compelling Story
A must read!
Beautifully written story
A beautifully written novel about loss
so, so good!
Fantastic book
All The Light We Cannot See Is All The Light We've Ever Longed For
A Journey Thru Time That Leaves One Breathless
Beautifully written
Excellent, with an asterisk
.Do not miss this one
A Key of Discovery
Enjoyable to read but disappointing ending. I flipped to ...
I liked this book and appreciated that it was not sugar ...
Long and Lyrical with a Weak Ending
A satisfying fairy tale
Riveting!
I liked it. I did
Loved this book.
Audio Reader awful!
I LOVED this book
A wonderful, beautifully written story
excellent
She and her Father seek refuge with her great Uncle Etienne
Good book for a couples book club.
Powerful while subtle
A well-crafted and beautifully told tale that could have happened...
WWII. French and Germans trying to keep their humanity intact.
Well-deserving of its Pulitzer
Highly recommend
Lovely story about every day people in Europe during WWII
Vast history on a person scale
WWII Novel Well Done
The author vividly painted beautiful pictures with his prose but I found the story ...
Captivating historical novel. Set during WWII. Excellent character studies.
Highly
Does the world need yet another novel about WWII?
Excellent novel by Robert Doerr about a blind French girl
Magical Book
Amazing!
Confusing
Wonderful
A review that does not to justice to the book.
Such a good read!
Beautiful, haunting, and a really good read all in one
Stunning. Brilliant. Literature. A Must-Read.
This was such a wonderful book! The author did a fantastic job of ...
Like many other reviewers before me
Disappointed
Left me wanting resolution
Hats of to your fabulous customer happiness representatives!
Excellent
An accurate depiction on the horrors, loss, duty and love of WWII.
A different slant on WWII
Effect of WWII on teens caught up in it
All the light we cannot see
A piece of the war
If you liked The Book Thief
Good Read
Absolutely terrific !
The ending did not satisfy though. But I highly recommend the book
A page turner
One of My Favorite Books
I would recommend it especially for writers as the wave of author's ...
It is so beautifully written. The reader is left with wonderment and ...
Top Ten Best Books... Ever
A Wonderful Read
warm and wonderful
Definitely Five Stars
Insightful interplay of human nature and war
Read and re-read to be sure I hadn't missed one thing
I loved this story
Five Stars
disappointing
beautifully written book
Five Stars
all the light we cannot see
This is a wonderful book. It has much in common
A Complex, Extremely Well Written Novel
Best Writer Since CS Lewis
And life goes on.
A Book That Touches Your Head and Heart
It was a great novel, however
Five Stars
inspiring!  it touched my heart, and made this week's visit to Paris and St. Malo so very special.
Best Book Ever!!
What an amazing novel written about 3 children during World War II
WW#2 from both sides
So Much More than a WWII Story
A Must Read Book about Living and Life
An intricately woven story that is both disturbing and compelling.
Outstanding!
Enlightenment for the soul.
Best novel I have read in years
Savor the Time with Anothony Doerr
4.5 Stars Subtly Powerful
All the Light We Cannot See
Not what I expected....much more
Poetic  & absorbing taste of horror
So it's very easy to put the book down
Potentially Good...but...
Wonderful
Good story, but wait for the movie
A chance taken...to good effect.
A trial to get through
A book as rare as the jewel in it!
One of my favorite reads of 2014
Beautifully Written
Fantastic Writing
Illuminated by the Light
beautiful, poignant, heart-breaking, life.
Another WWII book
A beautiful, Horrifying Story
A 24-hour Love Story That Lasts For Decades
This is one of the best books I have ever read
Wonderful - until the last part
Good reading...
Words cannot describe how wonderful this book is
A new perspective onWW II.
Summers Best Novel
An amazing, beautifully written novel.
Be swept away
This is one of the better books I've read in a long time--really engaging
DOERR BRINGS IT!
The first 50-70 pages made me feel like there was too much going on and too much ...
Another great fictional book of World War Two seen and experienced ...
Best Book I've Read This Year!
There is a lot of symbolism in the book for those who like to figure them out
Yet some light was there
loved it
There are better choices
Exquisite Tension!
Good Read!
Historical fiction of WWII survival
Great book for book clubs
Absorbing, riveting!
A very Heartbreaking Education!
Truly Beautiful, Haunting, Deep
"All the LIght We Cannot See" leaves you with a story that is hard to forget.
well written and captivating
that kept up a good pace and I found it quite moving and sad ...
Mixed Emotions
Beautiful
The Language is exquisite. He treats the subject of ...
See the Light.  Read this book.
Prose like Dark Chccolate and Red Wine
Was not as good as I expected.
Great characters but the ending left me cold
Four Stars
Just an ok read
Great Read
Good Read
Light and Well Written.
"Beautiful Writing"
Loved the character development
A Little Slow
I could not stop reading!
Dimly as through a darkened glass.
A good historical novel
What a great book!
Book Review: All The Light We Cannot See
A beautifully written novel
"What a beautiful piece of literature
Filled with pathos, pain, terror and yet beautiful and courageous
A Must Read
In the top five of "Worst books I have EVER read".
Wonderful book to read and enjoy this year
Powerful story
Three Stars
Human Endurance
A Different and Emotional Portrayal of WWII
So much love for this story!
Dark but important book
... while since I bought an actual book because I love reading on my Kindle
Exquisite language with characters with whom you weep and celebrate
Perfect title.  I saw the hidden light.
Haunting and exquisite.
Beautiful Book
I think I have a new favorite book
dee hession's review
Shimmers Like its Lovely Jacket
Best book Ina long time.
A wonderful story
Less than great read.
The individual's consequences of war
A Very Special Book.
Must read: fascinating story of the courage of innocent children caught in war-torn Europe
Hard to put down
A good book that transcends the historical fiction genre
But I liked the perspective and the verbiage was
excellent
I really loved this book
It is a novel of both excrutiating beauty and agonising awfulness.  I loved it - but it was a most disturbing read.
I would recommend it highly
Wonderful story, masterfully told...
The Past as Present - Maybe?
An artful and unique view of a much told story through children's eyes
PLAN TO SIT AND READ!
Beautifully written but the story sometimes falters
A good read
What you could be
with the appalling inhumanities of Nazi extremists and the simultaneous persistence of love and loyalty
One of the most intelligent books I have read
is one of best author currently being published
Wonderful historical perspectives and character relationships
Love the book
A Piece of Artwork
Use of US spelling detracts from enjoyment of the book
So Powerful...So Beautiful...
It has great character development
"A Reader's Treasure"
I loved this book
good story, but with serious reservations about parts
I had to slowly plow through it but many beautiful single scenes.
Well written. The author puts you right in the ...
An enjoyable enough piece of fiction - characters you'll ache for
Great Read. Enlightening
Five Stars
Incredible read.
A book to cherish
Beautifully written, wonderful characters.
fabulous WWII book, approaching good vs evil in a very fresh and insightful way.  LOVED it.
If you're a fan of novels describing life during in Europe WWII, this book is a can't miss.
If I had to name my favourite novel about occupied France
Overblown prose and a poor plot
All the Light We Cannot See
So glad I read this!
Like a coat ...
The reviews on this book are excellent. Maybe
Not your typical WWII story
It is a good story idea
Love the book
Lots of Jumping Around
Illuminating Connection
... this book because a newspaper reviewer called it the best piece of fiction he has read for years
Two dimensional characters ruined this novel for me.
Picking up the pieces
Okay read, very descriptive passages
best of the year
Seeing is believing
The author has a wonderful command of language with beautiful descriptions
A war story at its finest
Really good book ... would recommend
Not the greatest read.
Good historic background, but skips around in different time periods.
A literary masterpiece that is also thoroughly enjoyable to read
Magnificent
Very Good Book
lyrical and beautifully written, that slowly builds and builds to heart-wrenching ...
Extraordinarily well-written and compelling
Step into the world of Werner and Marie-Laure...
A Sad Yet Wonderful Light
Enjoy
Excellent
Not a Big Fan of this Popular Book
The lights are bright with this diamond
A new perspective on an old story
Great WWII story from two different worlds
Not What I Had Expected
Disagreement
A profoundly beautiful book
Stunning!
stunning
Beautiful story
Very deep book about WWII and just how it affected ...
Werner was my favorite character in the book and I really hoped to ...
A wonderful read
Blinded from the Light but listening to the sound
stunning
A stunning book!  Prepare not to sleep for a few days.
and I love the short chapters
This book is so beautifully written! the language is poetic
Hard to find the words to describe this wonderful book. First it takes us to a place ...
If you're resisting these characters or this story, stop.  Read this book.
Not easy reading if that is what one is looking for
Been there, done that
Fantastic Piece of Work
I know this is a huge best seller and I think my expectations were too high ...
a book to be cherished
Just Okay
An illuminating experience
Within a folded piece of paper
Achingly beautiful prose
A haunting account of two young people during WWII
One of the best novels I've read in many years
Gourmet literature
Captivating to the end
Keeps you on the Edge of your seat!
This one will stay with me.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Long, over-written, disappointment...
Incredible. Vibrant. Amazing.
Unnerving, enlightening, sad beyond words.
A magnificent novel!
All the Light We Cannot See is Powerful!
The Author does a good job of describing the life of the main characters ...
Beautifully written, the story uses the war as a ...
Beautiful, sad, yet hopeful.  Not to be missed.
Amazing Read!!!
A treasure of a book that I will remember for quite a while.
A .blind girl and a scientific genius. Will they ever  meet?
Wonderfully character driven.
Powerful
2 parts brilliance, 1 part disappointment.
Good historic novel
Three Stars
Captivating writing style
but three quarters of the way through the novel (which is where I am now) I became comfortable with the device
Fantastic Read
Riveting. Depressing. Thought provoking.
Marvelous Novel
This book may spoil you for all others
Loved it! Big book, but quick read.
Luminous
Good, but not great.
A beautiful tale
Very moving experience about WWII!
A novel for everyone
Behind Locked Doors
This book is beautifully written with evocative and lyrical prose
does anyone have the courage to stand up to tyranny in spite of great odds?
The Meaning of Life : A War Story
Interesting story with some buts...
Brings World War II to life on both sides of the conflict
it is easy to see why it won a Pulitzer Prize
Inspiring and hard to forget
This beautiful work shows us that at least one more
Devastating. Beautiful. Epic. Innocence. Redemption. Tragic.
Jewel of the Blind
DISAPPOINTED
A Masterpiece
The Spectrum of Human Behavior
Anthony Doerr's Classic
A beautiful story of all the struggles (both physical and emotional) ...
Absolutely sublime!
Five Stars
An impulse buy; loved it.
Blindness and Insight
A Two-person opinion of "All The Light We Cannot See"
A Great Read
Favorite book I've read in a long while
A two star book
one of my favorites of late......
Outstanding and Unforgettable
Started Slow & Ended Odd
You will truly see the Light.
This is a must read:  I'm still thinking about it after a month...
Thoughful and Insightful - well worth the read
Light of the Moon
Beautifully Written
Great book!
Amazingly beautiful
It followed the characters until the Nazis surrendered and their lives resumed and moved forward with all the bad times never fo
I am still talking about it!
Excellent and Insightful Read
beautiful, poignant, heartbreaking, awesome
"All the Light We Cannot See  " has become one of my favorite books, it is an excellent book!
the best of the best...
A good read
Enlightenment
One of the best
a different look at war
Stunning
A Novel You'll Slowly Come To Appreciate
All The Pages I Could Not Read
A MUST Read
Outstanding story of two people whose lives intersect just once-at ...
Powerful, Deeply Moving, and Breathtaking Book
I enjoyed this author's style of writing
Great book
A longing for goodness and beauty
An Engaging Read for Thinkers!
YES READ IT!
It was nice to see and alternative perspective in the war
If WW II novels interest you, you'll dive headlong ...
Beautifully Woven WWII Story
A beautifully written book
Read this book!
Brilliant characters, images, and reflections
e drawn in by disastrous leadership ph
But I learned to love the it and found the experience of reading it ...
Hauntingly Beautiful
Short and sweet review
Blind and Orphaned
Fierce and tender truths
it is a wonderful, full and rich world that Anthony Doerr creates
5 stars and then some for a fantastic and imaginative creation
Yes, Read This, Not That
A MUST read
A unique story about surviving WWII
Lyrical writing was hard to maintain
Reiner Schicker said something amazing. He said
Amazing and Skillfully Woven Story
The full spectrum of enlightenment
Fantastic
Worth every page
Don't pass on this book
loved it, I couldn't sleep, I could only read
What a Gorgeous Book
the prose is absolutely beautiful, the characters are complex
Beautiful, compelling story, told perfectly.
3.6 stars
You can feel the story working on you!
World War 2 Captivatingly Shown Through Children's Eyes
A good but not "feel good" book.
keep reading...
A New Favorite
I found it a good read as well as one that gave me compassion ...
lyrical writing - sometimes almost too many great metaphors, similes
Bittersweet
This is a contemporary masterpiece.
Now I want to read it all over again
Hope Transcends Darkness
Great imagery; not your ordinary WWII novel.
Lift your spirits.
Mesmerizing
Long and wordy
This is one of the best books I have ever read
Deserving of the Pulitzer it received.
Awesome Good Read!
"All the Light We Cannot See" is a beautifully written, compelling story of two people who go ...
Particularly liked the way the author made the war real for ...
A must read!
All the Light We Cannot See
For people looking for a truly good story with quality writing!
A Fresh Approach to World War II
War with a human face.
Can you give it more than 5 stars?
Characters Worth Knowing; Prose Worth Reading
it was well written--the history beautifully presented of a time we should always be aware ...
and I rarely watch war movies or the books they were based on because I don't like the violence
Enjoyable
But its the way the author puts his words together that makes me recommend this book
Absolutely beautiful!
I absolutely loved this book
Very Nice Suprise
The development of characters was excellent and the story moved back and forth between the ...
Amazing Poetic Prose
A beautiful novel that borders on poetry.
Best book I've read in years
Oh how we can see
The writing in this book is so masterful and beautiful, I wished I could memorize it all as ...
Great getaway for the mind...
I enjoyed the book
Great read.  I recommend this book.
Good but not fabulous
This is one of the best books I have ever read
Beautiful and Well Worth The Read
Descriptive writing. Easy to read. A little flat.
My only disappointment came with the books ending
Under the Debris
My wife loved it, her friend loved it
Great for book clubs
I feel like I'm the only person who didn't like this novel
This story centers on one of the worst times in humanity
So life-like
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not to miss
A Masterpiece
... when I thought that maybe I had lost my love of reading because of a series of duds ( ...
Loved it
Excellent book.
He writes as a brilliant artist paints.
Powerful and Insightful Piece of Historical Fiction
Allows the reader to gain sympathy and insight about characters reacting to situations unimaginable to most of us.
A Fascinating Read
Glad My Book Club Selected This Book!
full of lame tacky, trite lines
An excellent book
Best book I've read in a long time
Three Stars
Good, But Why All the Hype, Not Great!
A Roller-Coaster Ride
I saw some light
All the ingredients, but not the execution
Not Only a MUST READ, but a MUST READ MULTIPLE TIMES!!!
This is an amazing book!
a few days after finishing this wonderful novel, I happened upon a TV cooking show ...
Exquisitely Executed
This book was fantastic and all the members of our new book club ...
Beautifully written
Blinded
A great reminder of how the choices we make can have life changing effects on ourselves and the world.
Difficult to Catagorize
Beautiful WWII story focusing on the unseen sides of the war.
Okay, sometimes the "hype" is deserved.
One of the best books of 2014
A Noble Literary Effort
A Slanted Look At WWII
A beautifully written book
Lovely
I liked most of the book
Gripping read
Illuminating!
It was good, but for some reason the books that get ...
Five Stars
Great storyline, but jumping from past to present takes ...
I have to say this is one of the 2 or 3 best I have ever read (I'm nearly 85 and read ...
Remarkable!
Beautifully written
This was one of the most beautifully articulated stories that I have ever read - I ...
A great book for historical fiction readers, and those who like character-driven plots.
Thoroughly enjoyed the novel and storyline
A Story of Points of Light in the Darkness
Powerful & relevant war story
Brilliant but  a bit too long in sections.
Five Stars
A glorious read
Four Stars
Great book, didn't like the ending!
Young German's story, meeting a smart, though blind, French girl.  Having high regards for her bravery.
I recommend this wonderful novel for all who love historical works ...
The best book I have read in several years.
This book made me realize that 30 years later there were still two generations that lived through the Great War and carried that
All the Light We Cannot  See
BEAUTIFUL AND HEARTFELT
This was my favorite novel of the summer (and I read a lot)
An interface of thoughts
Good book
There is light we cannot see as well as light we can.
All the Books I Have Not Read- But I Read This One!
A great piece of writing that transported me to another time ...
A blind girl from Paris and a young German boy must find a way to suvive the war.
This wonderful book revisits WWII and explores both some Allies' and ...
Exceptional book
Poignant story superbly told
Five Stars
Five Stars
4.5 Stars
Five Stars
Definitely deserved the Pulitzer
Uniquely satisfying
For those who aren't fans of WWII literature
Fascinating, beautifully done, and surprisingly enjoyable for a WWII novel
Quite possibly, one of the most well written books ...
This book contains some of the most beautiful prose I have ever read
A marvelous writer.  What an imagination!  What a plot!
I enjoyed this read very much
Greata rerad, can't put it down!
Five Stars
but when I did I really enjoyed it.
It is smart and touching and of value
A fantastic read - absolutely loved this book
Falling in Love with a Nazi
Seeing the Light
but it was a good story, filled with history
I am not tactile enough to enjoy this book to the fullest
Rich writing, real characters, gripping story
A Must Read
Amazing. Beautiful.
Haunting and memorable
It's well written and certainly at the top of my list of favorite books. No wonder it's on the best seller ...
worth the time
Another interesting story of WW11
Very good read and unusual story
It did not disappoint our book club has read many books set in ...
Beautiful book
A Piece of Art
An Epic Work; Richly Layered Charactes Whose Lives Interweave with History
Wonderful writing
The plot of the book is good, embedded in wartime history of Germany and France
Review of "All the Light We Cannot See" by Anthony Doerr
book was a perfect beach companion
Toward the Light
Stunning imagery and page turning storyline!
Wonderful story....
One of my favorite reads in years
Five Stars
albeit rather depressing and sad.
Absolutely read this book.
No one came out of this story feeling good or even remotely happy
Bright Insight
A Beautiful Story
no words...
Seeing Through the Darkness of War
Fanta
Three Stars
One Fine Read
Well written book
A page-turner, well-crafted, tender, heartfelt... feel bad saying it doesn't deserve the Pulitzer
A lovely tale of lives intertwining
Perfect Summer Reading
"Invaded"
A great story told from differing viewpoints
The characters were deep and interesting and I liked the way it moved from the young boy to ...
A disappointment
It was not a book to enjoy, but to enlighten and inform
A page turner
What a wonderful book
A Dull, Boring Mess
An instant favorite
Knowing when to stop
I love the adventure in this young girl
A wonderful read I didn't want to end.
Good book but soft ending
Buy This Book!
Incredible character development, slow story
Was so disappointed in this book
A long book but very good.
This book was riveting. The story moved back and ...
Stunningly beautiful
This is one of the best novels I have ever read
Wonderful Beyond Words
A great book full of magics
And already know it will become a most favorite I will read multiple times
the character development was excellent, but I found it hard to know exactly ...
Best book I've read this year...no question!!!
A beautifully written stoy of love, courage and determination in war torn France
The light scrutinized
Vivid Imagery & Rich Historical Detail
Just Short of Brilliant
Not for me
Great story told very very well.
Five Stars
Disappointed
Glad I read it
Five Stars
incredible! Hard to believe what the world went through ...
The light shines bright in this tale
Wonderful
Very Interesting
The Vision Beyond
Fantasy escapes a Great Authors Mind
Really hard to put down. Awesome historical novel
One of the best books I've ever read!
FANTASTIC! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Extremely Engaging
Makes you feel in color
beautiful tale.
All the Light we Cannot See
A Good Read!
Good reading
Beautifully done, so easy to lose yourself
The story was fascinating. Alternate chapters covered the lives ...
An interesting WW II tale.
Amazing Book!
This was an excellent read. The author uses precise vocabulary allowing one ...
This was a book club pick. I would not ...
there is a lot to love about this novel
At the same time a touching story of love and care of a father for his blind daughter
I was amazed by the story's structure
Not the easiest read, but a great one nonetheless
Touching
Humanizing the past
A Contrast of Two Lives during World War II
Mystery, love, war, France -- what else!
All the Light We Cannot See is the best book I have read in a very long time
Good personal accounts of Germans and French young people during WWII
At last a book for the ages.
Interesting Story But Question the Flow
beautiful story with timeless life lessons
The story line in this book is good, but I found it very difficult to follow ...
Interesting story and perspective of WWII.
I surprisingly readable Pulitzer winner for simpletons like me.
Suprisingly beautiful
It's magic!
Great Historical Fiction book that will make you cry
Lovely
Confusing -  Not a fan !
Too boring!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for a long drive.
Haunting Story
Well done, different twist on a WWII coming of age story. Rich character development!
This book is OK
Brilliant philosophy, brilliant mind provoking insight! Well done!
Great "puzzling" read
A wonderful adventure played on the stage of WWII
Wow
Seeing Through Different Eyes
Wonderful, insightful, writing about a historic time period.
History, science and moral philosophy wrapped into a lyrical novel
overall I enjoyed the book and found the depth of the character ...
A micro view of WW II in France and Germany
Spellbinding in the magical sense
Deeply moving
Interesting, but still sad
terrific writing
Very different perspective on WWII
A satisfying tale and a good read......
New look at wwII
Captivating
Very sensitively written. The author captures the life of ...
Kept Me Reading Until the End, But...
This book made me SEE light.
Use of too many words backfires on author.
I thoroughly enjoyed it!
Must read WWII fiction!
Interesting Story full of Interesting Characters
While I enjoyed reading their alternating stories
Beautifully written tale of the waste of war as seen thru children's eyes
Excellent writing/Engaging story
Worth it, but could have been better
Beautiful book
The Nightingale was an amazing book based in WWII
I would definitely recommend.
A Riveting Read
Very enjoyable read!
War without gore
Enjoyable story but difficult to follow
A BOOK TO MAKE YOU GLAD TO BE A PERSON THAT CAN CHOOSE A PATH
An Engaging and Wrenching Read
Five Stars
WW II - the real one, as seen and ...
Surprisingly Uplifting
Well deserved Pulitzer Prize!
Such painfully poignant characters
Superb, and a pleasure to read
If you care about character development and suspense, you must read this.
This is a well-narrated story of the human strength of ...
Beautiful
Gripping Tale Which Invites Discussion About Courage and Patriotism
Very well written novel about two young people in WWII
Take your time to savor this saga!
Another brilliantly written story of innocence captured in the horrors of war!
Wonderful Ending
World War II as Experienced by a German Boy and Parisian Girl
Coming of Age As the World Collapses
New Perspective on World War II
Dark and light. Sad but uplifting
The writing was good but, I felt that there were places where ...
Great book!
Good story of a terrible war
This is such an engaging story -- full of great characters - plots that you imagine coming together so ...
Haunting
All The Light We Cannot See
Excellent as an audio book if you have 22 plus hours on the road.
This is an overwhelmingly beautifully written book. I am filled with emotion at the end Sadness,
Enjoyed overall but lost steam at then end
Exquisitely written
Amazing storyline.
The waves they heared.
Beautiful words, weak story
The Realities of WWII
I'm already telling people this is the best book I will read this year
Captivating
Let down
An exceptional insight into the world of the blind as well as a brilliant portrayal of life in France and Germany during WWII
A beautifully written novel
This is a great story and well written
Good, but could have been great.
Interesting Story with History as a Background & Foreground
This book is a joy to read
I have not fallen in love with a book like this in a long time
You can read a million reviews on the book better than mine
I bought this book because I like reading the NY Times Bestsellers
This is a beautifully written story of all that is going on
a great book
insightful
A Fascinating Read
History in a new light
Better than some.....
Great story telling, great plot twists, without being campy.
Few stereotypes here
This story is compelling. But more than that, ...
A Letdown
Five Stars
Absorbing picture of lives lived during the war
At last a great author.
They loved it and I did
Transforming feeling through submission to overwhelming events.
Outstanding
Quite a good book! Tells the story of a blind French ...
The light you can understand
Altogether a great read!
An intriguing plot
a unique look into the lives of 2 teenagers during WW2
Excellent writing
Outstanding Read, Should Get 10 Stars
An Interesting Story
I really liked this book
Won the Pulitzer Prize for Literature
All The Light We Cannot See
a book that reaches deep into your heart
A new classic of World War II
I think this is the most beautiful story I have read this year
I LOVED THIS BOOK
Beautifully crafted, compelling characters.
A Must Read
Well-written and highly recommended
It took a few pages to get into the author going back and forth in times and with different characters but must say it was excel
Enjoyable read
I loved this story as sad as it was
Really great read!
A novel full of light
Doerr writes in a dramatic and often moving style that ...
Beautiful and compelling story of endurance, love, faith and forgiveness.
A great story, well-told!
All the light
MUST READ!!!
Why Was It a Best Seller?
The only thing I found annoying was jumping from one time zone to another
Simply wonderful story
Beautiful
Four Stars
Great story. Great characters
A wonderful read. Great story and very well written
Amazing book! Very well written
Depressing, and grey, yet very descriptive.
Excellent book.  Would like to read again.
Worth every second of your time.
but that is not the end of the story nor is this a love story. This is a story of war and ...
Doerr's Novel Creates a World Plausible, Sad, Beautiful and Recognizable
All the light we needed: The Light that was enough to see
Mystery of Remaining Human in Time of Immense Inhumanity
A Great Read
Sometimes sad, sometimes thought provoking and mostly heartwarming
I enjoyed the book
This was truly an excellent book. The story moves quickly with short chapters ...
A Gripping Read
Good but not Great
This is historical fiction at its best.!
Wonderful book. This story has a nice balance of ...
A book that stays with you
The story line is beautiful, poignant and hearbreaking
I still enjoyed it. I appreciated how Anthony did his research ...
Too short as always.
Fascinating story
Incredibly well written
Rresponding to the light that we can or cannot see or wallowing in darkness.
the Story of two children during WWIIJh
Beautiful
A book to remind you that reading is better than Netflix
This book is incredible - beautifully written and such a compelling narrative told from a ...
Pure pleasure in reading such thoughtfully constructed prose. The ...
Beautiful, searing, suspenseful, unforgettable.
A Tale Difficult to Put Done, A Tale that Stays With You
Important Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must Read
Three Stars
Five Stars
Best Novel I've Read in Years
This was a very good read. It also provided good material for discussion
it flows as naturally as the sea
A very moving, lovely read.
Beautiful, just beautiful!
Lovely story
A book of compassion and insight
Of great interest to my wife and me since we had ...
Light vs. Darkness
Interesting story written in a very visual style.
wonderful read
This book is an amazing story of the 1940's and features a blind girl's ...
Beautifully written
The wording is beautiful; it lulls you into
All the light we cannot see: A Novel
Well Told Tale of WWII
Well written story
Bravo!!
I think it was me.
An Intriguing Read of Unseen Influences
It was still a good book several stories woven into it
Love this book
Deserving of the Pulitzer
I liked the cinematographic style of switching from person to person ...
Beautiful story beautifully written
Best Book I have ever read....period
A Shining Light
wonderfully written, evocative
So good I couldn't put it down!
Excellent story told from the view of two characters.
Beautifully written, moving, and completely engaging,
unforgettable characters that draw you into their lives
A touching and fearless look at war and its victims
Wonderfully written but sad.
Reads beautifully
A reverting read
Heartwrenching
World War II Through the Eyes of the Blind
I would recommend this book
Enjoyed this book.
All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel Review
This is a great book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
My favorite book of the year
Portal to the past
Magnificent descriptions and marvelous characters
Another World War II fiction, but with interesting protagonists ...
Lyrical yet gripping
Just wow.
Phenomenal Book
This is a beautiful novel, written in poetry-evoking prose
Fantastic!
awful ending
This is one of my favorite books this year
The characters are beautifully drawn and you can't help but engage with them ...
I'll loved this book
The story line is sometimes heart meltingly sad and at the same time very dark in its ...
One of the best novels I have read in a long time
Doerr tells a great story carved from the chaos of W
A beautiful novel
One of the best books of 2014!
The language is lyrical and the character development is terrific. There are many people to root for and ...
Best book I have read in a long time!
Beautiful imagery throughout
wwll was never as well told as it was in this wonderful novel.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful book!
Five Stars
A captivating tale
Great read! I couldn't put it down
Family love, hardships and brave civilian risk taking within a war
Wonderful book with a slightly different take on the experience ...
Wonderful  novel
but getting into the book was a disappointment. It begins too slowly
Sublime
A HISTORY LESSON
seeing by reading
Sad and poignantly written
Beautiful Writing
A beautiful book
Another good read with WWII as the backdrop
I would say this is one of the best books I've read in the last five years
It is not ours to see, what others do not.
Light in the Darkness
I love books on this subject
Engrossing WWII novel.
Is this the dull, horrible reality of war - Maybe -
Oh, my!  ANOTHER all time favorite
Gripping drama of French town of Saint Malo in WWII
Seeing the Light
I really liked it. Interesting points of view
An interesting read
Put this one at the top of your list
Beautifully written! By avoiding the cliches of Nazi Germany ...
This is one of my favorite books. I had just returned from Paris and ...
I thought about this book for days
Revealing the light!
Having just come back from a trip to France and ...
started out good.....
Great read!
Great story, exceptional writing!
I know many people liked this book
Just a Marvelous book.
Great book!
BUY THIS BOOK
Good book that leaves many questions unanswered
A Novel of Life: Illuminating and Beautifully Crafted
All The Light We Cannot See
Beautifully written and alluring novel
That makes you aware of how a system can corrupt even good willing people
This historical WW II novel weaves a unique storyline of ...
I loved the perspective of Werner
Pulitzer Prize winning indeed!!
... can pay to a novel is that it feels like a true story – a profound and beautiful true ...
Such a Great Novel
Seeing Through Blind Eyes
The imagery is astounding in this beautifully crafted collage of lives whose destinies are drawn in ...
Kindle Edition (edit) review Like "Anne Frank" this novel lets us see WWII from ...
I am sad that I finished it.
Read It!
Powerful, emotional, haunting
A Worthwhile Read
A Great Story!
A MUST READ!!
Anthony Doerr has written a beautiful book about a blind girl and her way of ...
A writer with great perspective
It contained some descriptions of the horrible things expected of that country's young men
I just could not get into this book.
Overall a nice story, but I wouldn't give it as much ...
Absolutely wonderful
The beauty and ugliness of human beings.
WW2 from the perspective of a young blind girl and a young German radio genius
Anthony Doerr has become one of my favorite authors ever since his first book of short stories
Great character development
Just Wonderful!
Five Stars
Worth the read
Five Stars
Fascinating
Imagine life without light
beautiful & moving
Not to Be Missed
Worth reading
Wonderful
a great read
The Light WE Have Been Shown
Perfect in every way
gripping reading
Best novel of this year!
painfully brilliant
from my car radio to my kindle
Great WWII Story
OMG, What A Story.
A true Gem
This is an epic work of historical fiction that stayed on the NY Best Seller list for 33 weeks!
Courage and Trust. Gems and Snails
Too Good to be the 'Back-up Book'
I truly enjoyed the story and charachters
Light and Dark
Great book.
Very Unusual. Very Good.
I loved all the well developed characters
best read since The Goldfinch
great book
Worth the time to read
Wonderful
I've surrendered fully to it's charm
Our book club enjoyed this book
War and loss.
A Fascinating Story
It prvookes discussion on many levels and I've recommended it to all my friends
The stories were intriguing and the Dickensonian plot where many ...
War and Place
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very well written
A Parody of Pawns
A solid, well-written historical novel
both are wonderful cities in France
Excellent!
Written with melodic cadence...
The story and characters are captivating!
Much Ado
BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN AND ENGAGING
Great book!
TRIUMPH OF GOOD OVER EVIL?
Outstanding
Really enjoyed it - especially the very good character development and ...
Interesting story but I didn't enjoy reading it
All the Light We Cannot See
Love In A Time Of Nazi Terror
I really liked this book
and beautifully describes. It is at times a tender
world war novel
A light to the darkness
Heartbreakingly Beautiful
an incredible moving experience
What a novel should aspire to be
I hated finishing as the story was over
Beautifully written book
John Steinbeck's The Pearl cast in World War II
A beautiful story of the human spirit
My New All-Time Favorite Novel...?
I love how the author tied everyone together and we got ...
Worth Your Time
A very good read. It was difficult to figure out the ...
All the Light We cannot See
Not what you would think
World War II in Germany and France Re-visited
Thank you Anthony Doerr
Exquisitely written
Did I get the whole book?
I just didn't get it!
Intriguing read
It Makes You Think and Feel, in Equal Parts
READ THIS.
Beautiful! Best novel I have read in a long time!
Intriguing WWII novel
An absolute joy to read "All the Light We Cannot See "
Another superb addition to the literature of World War II
Telling everyone I know to read this story!
A thoroughly enjoyable read!
Simply a haunting story and one that I will not soon forget.
A Good Fiction Novel Using World War 2 As a Backdrop
Beautifully written and a wonderful thought provoking tale taking place ...
Just wonderful in every way.
A museum worker who tinkers with carpentry cares for his ...
Anthony Doerr created complex characters and thrilling scenes with few ...
This book is written so well and beautifully; I found that it created an ambience all ...
Haunting
Pulitzer worthy novel
Good read
Touching story that includes some suspense. The characters are ...
Beautifully written
How to wring hopefulness out of horror
War from the inside out
Beautifully  Written
What next, a real page turner
Seeing the world through the eyes of a blind but very brilliant and brave young girl is insightful
amazing - poetic, thoughtful and beautiful
An outstanding read by a gifted writer
Two people of opposide sides in WWII
From page turner to ordiniary
Five Stars
Thank you for this book Anthony Doerr
A Masterpiece
... a teenager and this book is one of the best I've read in a long time
An excellent historical fiction about France/Germany during late WW2.
UNFORGETABLE
I will miss Marie-Laure and Werner
Brilliant book. One of the main characters is blind
It stays with you, for weeks after reading. ...
This book has it all.
much moved
I highly recommend this book for anyone who loves excellent writing on ...
I love love love this book
Moving, Memorable, Magnificent
Good story line, writing style challenging
Good character development
Great beginnings
A MUST READ...put this on your bucket list...
A beautiful tapestry, woven as if it were a collection of short stories.
The best book so far this year!
If you enjoy a wordy
My favorite book of 2014.
Refreshing and articulate
Enjoyed the writing style
This sounds tacky but I enjoyed the short chapters - most average three pages
Best book I've read in a very long time
I really enjoyed this book
Beautiful, intricately woven, lovely.
although highly recommended to me
Found the ending on the sad side but
It was a wonderful story of a blind girl in France who had ...
The horror of war.
Cruelty of War- Sweet & Sad
Worth reading
All the Light We Cannot See
More than Light Reading
A different perspective.
enchanted words in the war zone
I kept trying to read slower so I could enjoy it more but alas
Beautiful and emotional
Pretty good. I now understand the hype
ethereal
A keeper full of depth
Enjoy the Pleasure of Great Writing
Well worth the read
Thought provoking
Saw myself in the story
I highly recommend this novel
A Beautiful Book
Five Stars
Just OK
Well written and thought out!
Beautiful and poetic
Wars' Attrocities Reflected
I loved this book until the last page
A must read
Beautiful, lyrical prose with short chapters so that you ...
Compelling and well-researched read that introduces a new style of switching back and forth in time to develop the plot.
All the light we cannot see
Worth the read!
Gripping and Moving Novel
Wonderful and well told story
I loved the way it moved forward and backward in time--kept ...
I am on a quest to visit St. Malo
Excellent Story
Amazing story
It is a good read (but not a fun one) and clearly establishes ...
A disappointment; sorry.
Best Kindle Book...Ever!
great characterization, and though I usually prefer a straight ...
Not Great
A Challenging Book
Worth your time and money! Hoping for a movie.
the best stories are the ones where the characters take on ...
Evil is Born Every Day
Read this Book
You will not only enjoy this book
engageing but did not deliver
beautifully and creatively written
Wonderful book well worth reading
Read this book
A most captivating book
Read this book
Gripping novel of human strengths and frailties.
Just a great story!
I was somewhat disappointed after all of the glowing reviews
Simply a beautiful story
He writes with great imagery, I felt like I was right there ...
I along w/ my book group loved reading this
Captivated
Interesting & entertaining at the same time
I loved this book
An interesting perspective
Beautiful!
Review of All the Light  We Cannot See.
Really riveting book. Couldn't put it down. Very ...
This is a beautifully written book of strength
Moving read, gushing and lovely!
Become a Young Blind Girl's Ally in WWII
An interesting examination of mindsets in WWII
... switching of characters and time after each short chapter easy for the reader to follow
Highly recommended!
This is one of the best reads I have experienced in a very long time
Much Deserved Praise
not surprising that it has been voted one of the best of 2014
I loved this book
Beautifully written story of the connection between a blind French ...
Recommended reading.
I enjoyed this novel with its teenager's take on the horror ...
I loved the book so much I immediately downloaded another one ...
Insight was gained about the plight of the French during ...
This book was recommended to me by my sister-in-law
Embarrassed
A lyrical treasure of prose and emotion
This is a complicated story that covers both sides of this horrible war with sensitivity
wonderful story, beautifully written
WOW!  Every bit as real and impactful as life itself!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful
Engaging but dissappointing.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A little disappointed
Frustrating
Beautiful writing, vivid characters
Interesting novel of WWII with emphasis on Germany & France
Pure Magic
a ww II story about the lives of two teenagers having completely separate experiences.
The book is very well written, the characters are ...
Great read!
So worth my time!
Beautifully crafted story
Ultimately unsatisfied
A tale of intertwined lives
Beautifully written...
We See Clearly through the lens of this novel
Great read
stunning depth and development of characters you fall in love with - world war two novel following the lives ...
Brilliantly written....
I felt like it was needlessly gruesome
Enjoyable reading
Amazing
Beauty and Bravery in World War 11
Just a wonderful book to read
A beautiful tender story with a riveting ending that kept me ...
slow start
Gorgeously well written...
Insightful and Tragic
All the Light We Cannot See
Wish I could say that "i loved it", but the short alternating time/space chapters made ...
Thanks for this book
complex yet thrilling story about how war affects both the citizens of the aggressor and those who are attacked
Surpisingly Good
One of the best books I've read this year
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Now THIS is a fantastic book!
all the kight we cannot see is one of the most insightful books I have had the pleasure  of reading.
Marvelous book! Intriguing story line alternating between several characters ...
Beyond beautiful
Amazing Novel, Worthy of All the Positive Reviews!
compelling-feels so real-tragically true and uplifting at the same time
Unique & Insightful
and everyone I know who read it both enjoyed reading it and were impressed with the quality of ...
Definitely worth the read!
Excellent book.
Great book
This will be forever a favorite.
It was lyrically written - very beautiful. But often rather obtuse
Great Book
A best seller for a very good reason…...
Offers everything I look for in a novel.
This is one of the most beautifully written books I have ever read
one of the best I've read
This is a beautifully written book about two young people who lived in ...
Too long, too verbose
I loved this book although I found the repeated descriptions of ...
beautiful, yet painful
beautiful story telling
Excellent book with unique insights to offer
All the Light We Cannot See is a beautifully written novel
Light in more ways than I imagined
A light finally seen
Fell Flat in the end...
So so much to 'see'
Great Read
A BOOK WITH SUBSTANCE
The characterization is excellent and the story is most engaging
Best book I've ever read
Another story about surviving WWI and the horrors that it ...
Thoughtful, Inspiring Read
Best book I've read in years
My Thoughts
This book is beautifully written and a story well-told
The ending was not a disappointment because it was believable and evoked sympathy from the ...
Profound Imagery
Beautifully written but very sad and poignant story about the profound, devastating effect that Hitler had on Germany's youth.
Wow. Doerr masters light, sound, place and ...
Intriguing
Poetically written. A must read.
The book progresses in nicely - the blind character develops a little bit in ...
a treat of language-a story that cycles again in your mind
great writting. touching story
Excellent story about the lives of a young French girl ...
unforgettable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Beautifully written, beautifully paced.
This book is a sensorial splendor, a tale told with interweaving threads, to be savored on every page.
It has had such high praise and I cannot understand the outpouring of love for this book
A must read!
Beautifully written, masterfully told
thoughtfully written historical fiction
simply amazing
Some of the best English writing I have read
This is an excellent and lovely written story for such a terrible time ...
A Personal Experience of War
MUST READ!!!
Take your time to enjoy this book
Great Book
Could not put it down
Captivating
My heart is bleeding
Great characters; the ending could have been better.
good but story sketchy in places
A fantastic read---write your own table of contents.
UNINTERESTING START PULLS YOU INTO SOMETHING EXCITING AND WONDERFUL!
A beautiful novel, well-written and a page turner
A must read!
Good Book
Is she happy?
A brilliantly written story
What a great story!
A gripping novel
Wonderful masterpiece of storytelling.
Caring about the Characters Makes this Story Work
Riveting
The imagery the author creates is like no other
All the streets I could not see...
Great Book
WWII through the eyes of many
Quality read that reaches your heart
Interesting History
Excellent read. The author puts you in the moment
Great perspective of WWII through characters
A jewel of a book. The writing is captivating ...
all the light we cannot see
Trust me, read this one.
captivating
Human interest story during WWII
A great read
A moving experience
A good book, but hardly "uplifting"
beautiful story and well written
A superb contribution to WW2 fiction
this a beautifully written, well constructed story
Can be disappointing
Five Stars
Well worth your time.
Confirming the War Is Hell
Spectacular read!
Human experience In war---real and unreal
This was the best book I've read in years
Five Stars
Beautifully crafted, well written and vivid characters
good vacation book
Great read.
Wonderful Read
Amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
I LOVED this book
Should have been 200 pages less
Five Stars
The characters and the feeling for history are what make it a good read.
A ROLLER-COASTER RIDE OF A READ!
I loved it. One of the best books I've ever ...
An interesting read, but not Pulitzer Prize worthy
Absolutely magical
Lovely from beginning to end.
All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel ...
Five Stars
Best book I've read in years.
Great insights into WWII Europe
Five Stars
did not want it to end ...
Outstanding
An unforgettable treasure of a book.
The story moves quickly and is easy to follow
I loved Anthony Doerr's All the Light We Cannot See
Page turner
Five Stars
A treat!
Two worlds...Two children.
Five Stars
Literature in every noble sense of the word.
Four Stars
Three Stars
Pleasantly surprised
Not Perfect, But I Was Sorry to See It End
Loved this book
My new all-time favorite book!
I was so happy to find this book to read on our beach ...
Such a moving story
A war story like no
I liked how the author wrapped it up
Beautifully plotted, great characters
No reason NOT to read it.
A page turner
Highly recommended
Four Stars
A beautiful book, stylistically reminiscent of The English Patient
Excellent read. Captures the emotions and everyday life of ...
Five Stars
Riveting until the end, I just couldn't put the ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Breathtakingly beautiful
What a beautifully written book
Beautifully written, absorbing, memorable WWII novel
Beautifully written, a book you don't want to end.
A book about humanity no to be missed
Four Stars
One of the best books I've read in ten years
Five Stars
a wonderful read
Five Stars
well researched and beautifully written. It was easy to get involved with ...
I was sad to finish the book
I love this book
Five Stars
best read in a long time
I enjoyed every word of this book
All the Light We Cannot See
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic! Beautifully written
The author humanized characters who often are portrayed as one-dimensional ...
Unlike any other WWII story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
and this book does it better than any I've read for awhile
Read it.
Four Stars
Read this novel; it's a simple as that
Four Stars
Three Stars
This captivating story has my best recommendation.
Beauty within devastation
Don't miss it
Loved this book
A must read! Could not put the book down ...
Memorable and unforgettable!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Best read I have enjoyed for a long time.
Beautiful book. Impossible not to become involved - hard ...
Five Stars
I really enjoyed this book
Thought provoking!
Great story! I highly recommend it
A wonderful story that takes place when the world was in ...
All the light we cannot see
Very enjoyable!
Four Stars
but what a great surprise.
This is a must read
Destined to Become a Classic
A Must Read!!!
It kept popping up as a recommended book based on my other purchases
Excellent read!
Four Stars
A beautiful and moving book
Beautiful and engaging.
Beyond superb
interesting and captivating
Thrilling and Touching at the Same Time
Five Stars
what a spellbinding story
All the light in this world not always visible to us.
Exquisite, haunting prose.
A nice story, takes its time
Thought provoking in it apprehension and understanding or the human ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
By the end of the book I felt like I was in Paris with the characters
Five Stars
this book was enthralling.
I loved the book
This was a beautiful touching story
Five Stars
One of the best books that I have read in awhile
As the story goes on you can't predict where the story is going but you can anticipate the behavior of the characters because yo
Five Stars
I haven't read a World War II book as good, though the blitz scenes in Kate Atkinson's "Life ...
A view of World War II told through two children ...
It is a wonderful story, but my reservation is that because it ...
Five Stars
Beautifully written. This is a story that will stay ...
excellent!!!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent, very readable story
Great read
The effects of war
Well written
Five Stars
Loved it and have passed it on to many friends ...
It was a novel I hated to have ended
Five Stars
Beautiful stories. It tells the stories of two individuals
More light was necessary.
Four Stars
World War ll in Europe
Great story. A history we should never forget
Five Stars
This is a beautifully written book
Beatifully written. The characters were so believibly portrayed. ...
All the Light We cannot See
loved this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful Read
Highly recommend
very compelling story and an excellent read.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Moving and memorable.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perhaps the best compliment I can pay this book is that I ...
Moving story of two lost people in occupied France during ...
Not To Be Missed
One the best books I have read in recent memory
Brilliant character development in an inspiring story surrounded by the ...
Five Stars
Being a child during World War 11 I always like books pertaining to that era
Novel about events of World War Two
Inside
unique story about the victims of war
A surprisingly good book: May be great/
Incredible story of two lives who come together in an unusual fashion during a war.
my best read this year
Good Read!
Outstanding book!
Good summer read
Highlight of summer reading !!
Hard book to leave behind..
Loved it
Beautiful language, great story
All the Light We Cannot See
Who the blind are.
couldn't put it down.
Great read
Could not put it down.
An incredible interweaving of story lines
Captivating
couldn't put it down!
A beautifully written book
keeps  you reading with bated breath
Five Stars
All the Light
The devastating effects of WWII on everyday people in Europe.
A good--not great--book about surviving Nazi occupaton
Complexity and humanity
Hard to keep straight
Incomplete Ending
Beautifully written, captivating story, lovely read.
I was really expecting a good read inasmuch as it has been on the New ...
WWII Human Story
Keep reading!!
All the words we've never heard
Really enjoyed this book
good read
All of this is rolled up into one beautiful and powerful novel which demonstrates life's phenomenal way of ...
An Eye Opener
One of the best books I have read in ages
... characters even though a lot of the interactions were pretty normal. The writer does a great job putting ...
A Great Story
This author has a wonderful way with words!
I felt the constant shifting between so many characters and places made it difficult to follow and therefore easy to put down at
Great literature it is not
Young minds surviving chaos
Tedious reading
Magnificent Book!
These characters are so alive to me that i am not sure how to lay them to rest now that i have finished reading the book.
A very interesting look at the WWll years.
This is a great book that made me realize how brave the French ...
A tale of inspiring prose told from the perspective of two young people, during a very dark time in human history.
Wonderful story beautifully told
Well-written
Still with me after several months…loved this story
Hauntingly beautiful
Interesting book.
Grown up too soon.
In a Nutshell
Beautifully written story based in Germany and Paris during World War II.
Time well spent...
I tend to compare this book with "Book Thief" because ...
Unusual good read.
Excellent writing - a book that sticks with you long after you've finished it.
Wonderful Book
Fantastic read! I was so engrossed that I could ...
A truly luminary novel
I really enjoyed the book
A deeply satisfying read!
Read this as you travel Europe.
Beautiful
exquisite
Page turning excellent read with great potential as educational tool
Exquisitely Titled
Read This Book!
beautiful but sad
Mesmerizing
I don't even know what to say
Showed the horrors of war on the people in Europe.
not what I was hoping for
Great story, beautifully written
A Must Read
Good Characters, Good Story
ALMOST five stars....
Beautifully Crafted, Compelling Story
It will set each of your emotions on edge
Beautifully Written Book
nourishment for the mind and soul
Great war story!
Another side of WWII....
Great History Lesson through Fictional WW II Characters on Opposite Sides
Excellent Read
and tells the story of the horrors the Nazis inflicted on millions of people thru the stories of two young people- a young blind
Magnificant!
Great story but too wordy
Well written novel that sheds light on what went on ...
Passionate, powerful prose
a time period peice that will become a classic
Hauntingly beautiful. Dark and depressing. Oh so real. Read this book!
Amazing. Best book to come along in a while
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read
The Light We Can See
I cannot review this book because I never received the ...
An Artistic Tour de Force!!!
All the characters we cannot imagine.
Excellent, this book captures the imagination very quickly
Completely Absorbing
There is a great analogy between the world the little girl used to ...
it was a fantastic book to read
A haunting and lyrical book about WWII that is not about the Holocaust.
I actually enjoyed the story and the rest of the book
All the Light We Cannot See is a story of ...
Good book, but not great
INCREDIBLE!!  BEAUTIFUL.......
All the Light We Cannot See
"All the Light you cannot see,".  pay attention to the title
Excellent read
riveting
Fantastic. I downloaded the first chapter to my Kindle ...
I love when an author writes so vividly
The story of all the characters is beautifully weaved together in this novel taking place during WWII
You will not be able to put this bestseller down!
Excellent! a must read!!!
Captivating story!
S.L.O.W. read
One of the best books I've read in a very long time
This is not just another story about World War II ...
Unforgettable Story
Powerful Prose
Beautifully written narrative
Beautiful and gripping
A Beautiful Book
Best historical novel of 2015
Complicated book set in a complicated time.
One of the best books I have read
But once you figure out who's who…it becomes and amazing tale.
finest written book/s I've read all year
A unique page-turner
Almost five stars
A little something for everyone....
Now one of my favorite books. I recommend
One of the best books of 2014 - must read
A really good story about what happens to real people in war ...
True genius - please read this remarkable book. it will NOT disappoint!
The limitations of our human perceptions
Wonderful read
Be sure to read this one.  It's very special
the light you are helped to see
Unbelievably addictive
Modern day stark fairy tale
The story line is good, however it took awhile to build up the ...
Brilliant writing and characterization.
stunning!
Overcoming Challenges
I enjoy World War II novels very much and his was ...
Doerr has a fine command of language that brings the reader into the ...
Disappointed.
A Compelling Read
grief and familial love.
an unexpected ending to a great book
seeing without seeing
OK, but so what?
Fabulous. Engrossing. Unputdownable!
Some events made me very sad & some made me cheer
the love of a caring father as he taught his blind ...
This is a great book. The story
Great story told with World War II as the backdrop
Interesting Read
A Must Read
Not a review, just a tickler :)
A Treasure
A book to remember
must read
A Tale of Two Countries
Very thorough; great book
Five Stars
Everyone should read this story
Three Stars
I really enjoyed this book
Beautiful
This elevates compassion to a new level.
A mastery of language rarely encountered
Very entertaining, could be on my Best books list
an amazing story, beautifully told
Light as photons or ghost of energies from the past.  This novels spins its story through your mind ...
Brutally realistic.
This is one of the best written books I have read in a long time
The Light You Finally See
THE LIGHT
All the Light We Cannot See
A Stuning Literary Achievement
I loved this book so much
More polished fiction that didn't need to be written
I didn't want it to end!
A wonderful book. One of its main themes is how ...
kept me enthralled
this book deserves 7 stars
All the Light We Cannot See
I really loved it. I thought both Werner and Marie-Laure were ...
A Good Story
Lovely story
A read that evoked every human emotion!
Beautifully written
This is without a doubt one of the best novels I have ever read
An absolute "must read"
Wonderful read
A Not To Be Missed Read
Wonderful read
I liked the way chapters alternated between character
The author wraps these two main themes in beautiful prose and vivid description
A Story Woven Like A Wicker Basket
A Great Book!
Poignant, and Poised - this one will leave you reeling.
Not your typical WW II reads!
Apt title
Beautiful story but the ending left me wanting more!
a wonderful WWII novel
A special treat for all readers!
Good, but ending could be better
An amazing and tragic story
Entertaining and Informative
Beautiful story that is beautifully written
An outstanding read!
So, so awesome!
?
I was so impressed by the depth of sensorial description ...
Well worth reading
A most memorable read!
Excellent read
A sweetly sad book filled with the love of the natural world
An amazing story told masterfully
Destroyed Innocence
exceptional book
Definite must read - a unique experience
Great read!
I read a book a week. Most are entertaining ...
Wonderfully vivid writing set in WWII occupied France.
Spellbinding
I could not put this book down
Unique view of the Second World War
compelling novel about a blind girl and a teenage Nazi ...
Passionate readers start here...this is your new download for the kindle.
A very good read
This is the best book I have read recently
A Must Read
Wonderful Writing
A Novel Which Speaks to Everyone
A must read!
Great Plot, Lovely Use of Language
Must read
Very well written novel about people in Europe during WWII ...
WW2 through the experiences of two children
Poetry with pathos and pain and beauty.
Poignant story
The Paths that dont quite cross
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well written
A unique view of the devastation of war through the eyes of two young people.
Keep reading - second half is a page turner.
I almost overlooked this book as we have been inundated with novels dealing with WWII but am so glad I read it
Riveting
Great book
Read this book!
A Powerful, Touching Work of Art
A wonderful read. You are so captured by the historical ...
Simply captivating
wonderfully written book
Great read . . .
While there was a great story line it was distracting at times as it ...
Well worth reading
I was expecting the book to be better.
Compelling War Story
Great Character Development
It would be like writing the pharaohs felt guilty about having slave labor
poetic descriptions
What a triumph!
It's a must read!
is there light in war?
Amazing, Sad, Beautiful
but I really enjoyed it and had that "sad" feeling when I had ...
Well written page turner
I really enjoyed this book
Historical Fiction WWII Through Good Hearted Eyes
Great Book
All the Light we cannot See
I would highly recommend this book.
A moving, radiant novel....
Loved this book
I've recommended this so many times...
This is some of the finest writing I've encountered in my entire life
Just Not Great
Wonderful character development & beautifully written
Enlightening Experience
A Superbly well-written read, though not perfect.
The Touch of Light
Love love love this book
Thumbs up!!
I really enjoyed this novel about the effects WW11 had on young ...
Disappointing Ending
Beautiful story
Please do not miss this book
Although this is a work of fiction the subtext was ...
A stunning masterpiece!
Loved it
Heads in the Sand
One of my all time favorite reads! Even though it was fictional
Six Stars!
Well writen. Keeps you on the edge of your ...
Really disappointing and too fragmented ! Continuity suffered for me.
Beautiful
Beautifully written, hard to put down.
Spellbinding
Beautiful story.
Light, Dark, Vision & Blindness in WWII
THE NIGHTMARE OF NAZI GERMANY
You watch a mechanically brilliant German boy and an intelligent thoughtful blind French girl ...
Gorgeous!
Enjoyable and easy read
Couldn't wait to finish but did not want it to end.
two extraordinary children bring WWII into new focus.
but I really liked it. I red this for my book club ...
All the Light We Cannot See
This book contains some of the best prose type writing I've read
A different WWII story
meh
Wow and a thousand more
Amazing!
simply splendid
Affect of War on The World.
the light uncovered
Sure glad I didn't miss this one!
All the light we cannot see
highly recommend
A very good read
A haunting story
Five Stars
Long
Five Stars
Five Stars
Haven't read a page turner like this in years
Beautifully written, even though it's too slow
Very interesting from a historical point of view. Human ...
Wonderful lyrical writing
CHILDREN OF THE WAR TO END ALL WARS
A Worthwhile Read
beautifully written
Experience This Book
A beautiful book.
Sad that the writer could not come up with a ...
Thoughtful book that makes you want to turn the next page
Wonderful read
not all it was hyped to be
A Moving Story
A gripping epic story
Writing style genius
Highly recommended
This is one of the best books I've read in a very long time
Top notch
You feel like you are there with the children and it reminds ...
All the Light We Cannot See
Wonderful characters!
I would recommend it.
Good, but Sad
most satisfying book I've read in years
Sweetness and loving kindness in the tragedy of the Nazi war
Beautifully written, not a throwaway word in its 600 ...
A beautifully written book that needed an editor
Another light on World War II from a French Girl and German Boy
I Want To See the Light We Cannot See
A capivating  Novel
A Must Read
Great read
All the light we cannot see
Interesting story of two young people in  WWII
World War II brought to life.
Very good though needlessly non-linear
Disappointed
Liked this book a lot and was able to feel ...
I would recommend The Book Thief or Sarah's Key ahead of this ...
Different perspective
This was a very good book with an interesting twist on the usual war ...
a haunting, complex novel
You just don't know...
Saga of Conflicting Lives
This was a well written book. It made me ...
Spell-binding
This is a WONDERFUL book! It puts a personal insight to the ...
A Home Run
Captures the Light and the Darkeness
Lover of WWII novels
Wonderful
Don't miss this one.
Excellent read. I was captivated throughout and I was ...
Beautiful tale, magnificent writing
A "gem" of a book
Beautiful, long, and worth getting to the end!
Not my usual genre but this book is a work of art
Blind French girl vs. German technology
A light in the darkness
Wonderfully written book. A real gem.
You owe it to yourself to read this.  Just a very good, well told story
Even children make big decisions
A somewhat fantastic premise (fabulous gem with a curse attached) in a ...
Great Read
This is a wonderful novel and story set in France during the onset ...
Breathtaking
I would recommend this book
Surprising and wonderful!
A great read, though maybe not a great work
All the light we cannot see
I loved this book
ten stars!
Great read!
I loved this book.
A Wonderful Book
A great story well written about the French resistance movement
Not for me
Excellant book. I didn't want it to end.
Four Stars
Took awhile to get into but very interesting book
Fiction???
a book that makes one self reflect
I enjoyed it thoroughly
it is a wonderful tale, beautifully written and was a joy to ...
excellent book
All the Light We Cannot See - A Novel by Anthony Doerr
Beautifully written and unashamedly sentimental
Thought provoking read
One of my favorite books! The way the author weaves the story ...
This is a wonderful book with starts with the bombing of the French ...
Outstanding!
It was perfect while "touring" the many WWII sites and museums
Beautifully written. Prose that is wonderful
Overall happy with the purchase but wasn't madly in love with ...
All the Light We Cannot See Glows in the Dark
An extraordinary book with an extraordinary metaphor!
a lovely and poignant book
Excellent read
I loved the story from the children's perspective and understood how ...
All the light we cannot see
The character development is amazing and there are many of them
This author presents two characters during WW two and even though the he takes us back and forth between these characters who li
Beautiful and wrapped with emotion
Indispensable to understanding the banal hell of war
The book is beautifully written. The reading is very enjoyable
this is a beautiful novel. Told from the point of view of ...
Sight Without Eyes
Anthony Doerr paints pictures with words
A wonderful "gem" of a story.
great book!!
Mystic Theme
carefully crafted
but this book is part history/romance/education and a wonderful mix it is
A wonderful read
An amazing debut novel
Anthony Doerr: Master of Imagery
This is one of those books you recommend to everyone you know and hope they actually read ...
Fast moving, fascinating story
What a great read!
Easy read but full of depth
Powerful!!!
I liked the honesty with which the author wrote it wasn't ...
Writing is very good. I wanted to know what was happening next ...
this book will haunt me
A Beautiful Tapestry of Life.
5+ Stars!!
Beautiful
Stayed up many nights....
Lifting The Human Spirit
I liked the review of the war time as I also ...
Very deep and heady
Worth every minute!
Engaging characters
This was an excellant book. I read this book ...
Great read
Fascinating and contrasting perspectives on WW2
how lucky we are
A Novel of the Hedonism & Beauty of Human Nature
A well-written and thought provoking novel. An unusual account ...
Five Stars
All the light we cannot see
Author takes the reader into a world of average working ...
page turner
A war book like no other
Transporting
A bit of history, a bit of fiction...
My favorite book this year
WWII based book from novel perspectives
An amazing read!
Historical ficton
I had heard that this was a good book but was not sure that I wanted to ...
A trio of stories entwine to create a beautiful WWII story
exceptional writing.great story
One of the best books I have ever read
I was impressed by some of the skills developed by ...
but it just gets better and better
The characters are beautifully drawn; the violence of World War II
WWII in France
the rare and
Fresh facet to WWII survival story
Light Beyond Darkness
A story  full of heart and redemption
This really was an wonderful book, probably one of the best I've read ...
All the light we cannot see
A great read
There is no hint in the title what will be discovered.
Excellent read, well-crafted story
So Beautifully Written!
Loved it!
Courageous young ! in time of war
Very well written, riveting story! Loved it
Sensitive and Engrossing Read
a very human depiction of WW2
... to plod through this book but I am surely glad that I did
Not forgotten
Phenomenal book
Strong story woven by beautiful language
Great Book
Major literary triumph
A Must Read
A book that won't let you go....
That We Should All See So Well
Great Storytelling
Masterful!Unreal the the author did not live this.
slow start, worth the wait
Fascinating situation
This was a moving novel that gives two perspectives of ...
This is the first book in a wartime setting I ...
WWII through fresh eyes
I read this book while touring Europe. The story ...
Intriguing story of interwoven lives, a wonderful read!!!!!
Second World War through the eyes of the youth.
LOVED IT!
One of the most beautifully written books I have read in several years
Engrossing and beautifully written
Suzi says
In a Word, Fantastic!
The story held my attention with the characters well drawn ...
Not really a "fun" read, that's for sure! ...
A great read
To read again
Great great great
I absollutely loved this book
A hit for men and women alike!
but I was glad I stuck with it
A beautiful depiction of the human spirit!
All The Light We Cannot See
Bittersweet tale of love, war
Hard to put down
I'm not a usual reader of WWII novels and Nazi Germany but this story is different - sadness & hope -redemption - power of love.
Not perfect, but quite close!
Different well written book about WWII
Didn't like the ending
riviting, enchanting, and thought-provoking!
Perfectly adequate
reading grandma
Beautiful but...
Jumping back and forth in time with the characters left me a bit confused.
The writing style is beautifully lyrical, and the characters are unforgettable
A beautifully written tragic tale.
Don't miss this book!
almost like poetry. Mixing of two stories that eventually become ...
A great novel with great characters
Excellent read!
Simply stunning
Made me want to read all Doerr has written
I like reading about how people lived and survived or died ...
PURE PROSE
I loved the writing style
Favourite WWII novel!!
Best Book of the Year!
Delightful story and not like so many that are written now days.
Best book I have read this year!
Compelling read.
Excellent Character Development
Actually a sad tale of two people who dealt with what life ...
WWII Realities Wrapped Up in Beautiful Story
No wonder it won a Pulitzer!
This was an excellent story that provides insight into the second world war ...
Enjoyed this story
Interesting story - well-told
Did Not Meet Expectations
Great read--wonderful writing.
Deeply and utterly breathtaking
Wonderful!
Simply awesome!
I enjoyed the book as I learned even more about the ...
Very interesting read not to be missed!
Must Read This Book
Interesting Story Set in WW II
Masterfully plotted.
The reviews are right on! Must read.
Beautifully written
It sustained my interest to the end and provided information ...
Wonderful story! The author was extremely thorough describing the ...
A beautiful tale!
A compelling story of two children as they grow up ...
Book of the decade
It is both horrible and wonderful at the same time
Engrossing read. Characters espouse a world view that I ...
This book was wonderful. The characters were well developed and very easy ...
A Book About World War II, But not the Holicost .
Different story line for this genre
but I love it so far
Pure Poetry
Brilliant
Great read!
Great read
All the Light "We Must See"
a good story
wonderful book
I shall read this one again
A must read
The main characters are inspiring and for those who enjoy reading a novel where the good guys are truly ...
one of the few literary books I've read this year ...
One of the best books I have ever read
erika
I savored every word of this novel because the writing was so beautiful. If you thought we had exhausted the subject ...
It also brings to life uncommon aspects of the Natural History Museum in Paris and the beautiful city of St Malo
Stephin Merritt was right
A tale of two countries
Not a Book I'd Recommend
The style is written in is terrible with every chapter jumping to a different character
"What you could be"
Not Great, Not Awful
Young People in Wartime
This Book was INCREDIBLE! Best thing I have read this year!
Creative story with intriguing characters
Lovely Point of View from a new angle
actually beautiful. I was fascinated with the characters and how ...
I highly recommend this must read
This and that about All the Light...
outstanding!
not exactly what I expected
a gentle yet profound story of war.
a good surprise!
The best book I read in 2014
All The Light We cannot See
Friendship
A Very Good Read
Too tedious to even finish
Amazing book, recommend by our Book club in Oregon
Read this Book!!!!
Time well spent
Easy Novel to Miss
A beautifully written tale of a French Girl and German boy growing up during WWIi
Disappointed !
Not your usual war story, it's a beautiful story
Not a feeling or image left unexplored
I felt like I was there
Stellar Book.
Good, not great
Wonderful read with delicate connections
Well written and endearing war story
Amazing!
The very best historical fiction of 2014!
About the greatest generation
A great read
This book provided a nice balanced perspective from both sides of a war - ...
sometimes the light we cannot see is too brilliant to be processed by our humanity
the welk
Interconnected Lives
One of the greatest storytellers I ever did enjoy
Great
Three Stars
Four Stars
A Wonderful Read!
Excellent!
The development of the characters was so fine tuned that I felt I knew each one
This ranks as one of the two best books I've read in years
One of the best books I have read in a long time
best ever intimate glimpse of life in WWII
I was pleased to see it won the 2015 Pulitzer Prize for ...
Well written and thought provoking
Unique Telling of World War Ii Experiences
A wonderfully engaging story and highly literate "read."
A beautifully written book about sympathetic protagonists during the final days ...
a fine, engrossing novel
All the light we see!
Well worth reading.
Chapters so brief, with lines so beautifully written result in a truly new reading experience
I enjoyed the writer's style
A top ten read
Takes Patience
A must read.
and I love how Doerr uses elemental themes to connect the narrative ...
A wonderful ride. Get your dictionary out as Mr
I loved this book
I really enjoyed this book except
The best book I have read in a long time
The best book I have read in three years
Loved it..
All the light we cannot see
Gorgeous
A beautiful book about the journey of becoming who we are
We need to keep reminding ourselves how easy it is to slip over the ethical and humane ...
Amazing Story
I couldn't put this book down!
All  the Light we cannot See:  A Novel by Anthony Doert
Funny I could not put it down
Beautifully written novel with very interesting story lines
I read this book with such joy and wonder
Have been looking for a book to grab me like "Unbroken" did....
Gorgeous Novem... I am Still Haunted Weeks Later!
More than just a WWII novel
Beautifully written
Brilliant, poignant, tragic
I highly recommend it.
It was beautifully presented.
Amazing Ending!
just stunning,
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
I was left with an appreciation of what life might have been like in Germany and France during the war years
We all really enjoyed it and thought a worthy selection
A winner.
Excellent!
Good Book, Why a Bad Reader?
A must read on anyone's short list of books
Fell in love with Werner and his mind
Truly beautifully written
interesting plot line
Must read
Excellent Character Development
Beautiful. Lyrical. Precise.
I would recommend it highly especially for junior high or high school ...
a most beautiful look at the lives of two young people
All the light we cannot see
Wonderful novel.
Entrancing
I enjoyed this book more than any I have read in ...
I didn't want to finish this fine work of fiction
unpredictable and one might say depressing, but in a happy way
Highly recommend!
Unsatisfying
Deserving of the Pulitzer Prize.
Memorable
Interesting but hard to follow
I would recommend this book
Excellent Writer
A  FEAST FOR THE EYES
Loved it!
All written in language that causes you to stop and admire the artistry of truly great writing. Thank you Mr
Beautifully told
I loved, this book
Of to miss!
happily bring a grown man to tears
Wonderful human story during war time, set in a historical context
love and devotion woven throughout its pages
Great insight as to the thoughts and lives of those ...
thought provoking
This is a wonderful book that gives the reader insight into how a ...
Five stars is not enough
beautifully written story
enchanting book
An amazing and riveting story.
Since I love history and this was about WWII and gave insight ...
This was a great book club read
Wonderful historic novel
Five Stars
Three Stars
Exquisite read
Great Story!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Poetic prose and a devastating ride
I thought the writing was very good. And I appreciated the short chapters
WWII depicted through the eyes of a blind young woman.
Great story!
Love
Boy and Girl grow up in WW !!
Highly recommended for a good read.
completely satisfying read
Riveting
what a beautiful book
Unusual and likeable main characters, somewhat confusing flashbacks and flash-forwards
It was a wonderful book that pulled from you different emotions throughout the ...
absorbing and wonderful
The novel depicts a time when compassion and love for fellow men was looked upon with disdain
Enchanting
A Gripping Story
I like the description of the young characters
Excellent in every way
Each of the main characters had a depth to them that made them interesting and made me want the very best in them to triumph ove
This book will change you...
This book is heartbreakingly sad. However
stunningly written!!
A little disappointed. The whole book had far too many adjectives ...
Endearing
Amazing
I loved this book
Totally captivating...
Not a holocaust story if that's what you are thinking...
Gripping, haunting, beautiful
A Must Read!!
Really good read
it was so beautifully written. The characters really came to life and ...
a great read
a fairytale for adults
Doerr's writing is soooo beautiful. Descriptive passages exceeding anything I've read in a ...
An intelligently writeen and beautiful book
worth the time to figure out and to enjoy their development
This is a wonderful book with great characters
It's a good story line that brought you back in time to ...
A should-read book about WWII
A literary gem
It wasn't that I disliked the novel
Bearing Trials of War.
like the author got tired of his own story and ...
Deeply moving story, brilliantly told.
What a great story! I enjoyed the way it was written ...
Exquisite Writing
Perfect Title
Beautifully Written
A  War Poem
The most wonderful book! I thoroughly recommend it
Enrapturing author
Amazing Read
An amazing story, of Nazi Germany during the time of ...
All the Light We Cannot See
Good read especially for mature readers.
WOW---and I did not want to read this book!!!
21st Century
Easy to feel you know the characters
Beautiful writing, thought provoking
a wonderful book. I couldn't put it down.
Book Club Pick
Endearing tale of two worlds that collide into one during WWII
Very good Work. I was totally engrossed in the writing ...
Worth reading...IMHO
The blinding light of war and people and places
I don't 100% enjoy the type story that goes back and forth between ...
Brilliant WWII backdrop fiction .....
Yet I wanted to know the end of the story and was happy that it was a realistic ending which the mind ...
Read and enjoy!
Don't understand the hype
I loved the book
A must-read for your summer reading list!
Good until the very end!
A haunting beauty
New slant on WWII.
wonderful...followed by a tear
IN A WAR THERE ARE ONLY LOSERS NO VICTORS.
A Beautifully Written Masterpiece
All the Light we Cannot See
Buy This Book
Terrific book.
Great book, wonderful writing
... perspective of a young blind French girl and a brilliant German boy
wonderful
Highly Recommended!
Highly on Quality, Low on Intrigue
It is well written and gives a great insight into what some people might have been experiencing ...
beautifully written and compelling story
All the Light We Cannot See BUT Can Feel, Hear, Smell and Taste
.
The author does an amazing job of letting the reader
Hard to put down
Best l've read all year.
It was a little dark, but, there were ...
Excellent, captivating story set in WWII
Loved this book
Best fiction of 2014
Wonderful read
Must Read
A Joy to Read
beautifully descriptive
Beautiful story which makes you think about how what you ...
Brilliant, captivating and enthralling. Tears will flow with the author's descriptions of war and peace, and the evil of war as
Another excellent book set in WWII. Not to be missed.
Captivating!
A Page Turner
Stunning
Not quite a romance novel, but not truly a war novel.
Beautifully written novel...
I loved this novel!
great read!
Enjoyed the writing very much and was really pulled into ...
Good reading
A book worth reading
I Loved This Book
All the Light shines dark and bright.
I loved this book
A Terrific Read!
Marvelous Tale
Captivating
This is one of the best novels I have ever read
Bravo
excellent reading
a deep probe into lives that could have been
Unforgettable
Wonderful
Extraordinary story-telling with super writing
Worth Reading....
Informative and enjoyable!
Beautiful writing
Lyrical History
Story line(s) and writing method are beautifully articulated; shapes and patterns
Disappointment
Fascinating, touching.
A Lovely Novel About War--Of All Things!
Not a Fairy Tale
a great read!
Loved this puzzle of a book
Wonderful story that give us an understanding and window into ...
good, but too many words...
Courage and Hope-Filled
The first part of this book was a fairly good read, but about halfway through it got a ...
all the light we cannot see
Beautifully written.  Everyone should read this book.
Bucky's Take
It's too good to label as a "beach book" but it is ...
the author does a good job in developing the characters of Marie Laure and ...
Absolutely Enchanting
Beautiful and moving
This is one of the most beautiful books I have ever read
Intriguing story
This is not a book that you can easily put down
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Hauntingly beautiful story.
We all enjoyed the story of both main characters and found the ...
Engrossing read
Amazing war story!
Wonderful read.
Amazing novel.
Long and Lovely Read
A Jewel of a wartime Story
Two memorable children living through a war.
This is a beautifully written book set during the time of the Nazi ...
I would rate Little Women five stars. So anything ...
Unjustifiably long!
A very good book. You become attached to Marie-Laure and Werner
A Stunning work
Memorable history
Best of 2015
A well crafted story!
like a train ride
Intriguing
A worthy, engaging book
A fantastic book.
Truly one of the great reads. I like novels set in world war ...
I enjoyed the structure and imagery of the book
Don't miss this book!!
A fabulous read
Engrossing novel!
An interesting and well-written story of human relationships which transcend time and place.
One of the best
"All the Light" Glows
poetry
Okay, but no cigar
great book!
simply outstanding
wonderful re telling
A very poignant story about life in France prior to ...
Ok read
Beautifully written and an amazing story
Truly Outstanding Novel
Worth Reading!!!!!
A Second World War Gem
It's one of the best World War II stories
A Worthwhile Read
No wonder this is a best seller!
breathtaking
A solid read
Loved the chapter set up
A Keeper
Hearing is seeing for the blind
Expect a movie soon
Great!
great book. I highly recommend it
How Youth Survived  in Pre War Europe
Wonderful story and well written
A study in courage, compassion, and human decency
Disappointing finish
One of the best!
So many themes and sub-themes and amazing characters that could be books in their own right
Exceptional Read on WWII
Captures the Indoctrination, Inhumanity, and Struggle of the Nazi Era
If you only read one book. . . I
An extremely well written, historically accurate account of the ...
Beautifully written
Good gift for my wife.
Enlightening and entertaining
Loved this book!
I really enjoyed reading this book and learning about Orthodox Jewish practice ...
It has characters I loved and those I hated
and when they did it was perfect. I loved that the end of this book
Kathleen Bote
It is beautiful written in spite of being wrought with some horrific ...
One of my favorite novels ever
A Good Read; The End - Not So Good
The point of it all
Doerr spins a fine yarn. I highly recommend it
Very enjoyable!
A must read
Beautifully written, a compelling read of the experiences of ...
Read it.
A 'must read' book.
A Unique Insight
Almost poetry
I enjoyed the story and the way the story was told ...
Aptly titled.
I could not put this down
Couldn't put it down yet sad to part with its characters when I finished
I loved this book
Compelling read, better in print
Admiration Society for Two
I just loved this, from beginning to end
One of the best books I've ever read. A must read!!
An excellent read but not for the faint of heart.
One of the best books ever
A Fan for Life!
All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel
Breathtaking
LESS LOOSE ENDS
Exqiisitely detailed , Mr Doerr draws you in through the graceful use of two characters
I love books that have interesting characters and are set in ...
Wonderfully written!
Going back and forth between the two protagonists was a little irritating at times but was a good vehicle to show the differance
Great details
Read it!
Historical and Life Affirming Words to Remember
I like books that take me to another time
This a well written fiction that puts the personal impact ...
My favorite book of the year.
outstanding
I am in Awe!
Not as good as I expected
A Very satisfying read
An emotional and very well written book. I struggled ...
wow
A great book inspires a variety of tears and this does
Great read!
Compellingly suspenseful read. Tender, parallel narratives, eventually ...
I did not expect this.
A wonderfully story
One of the best books I've ever had the pleasure to read
corruption and the wasted lives as a result of war
Beautiful
Unusual World War II novel...
Very much enjoyed!
Page turner!
Rich
Interesting and original
Not an easy read.
Great read.
Powerful story, beautifully written
good depiction of life during WWII for 2 teenagers
I got this book on audio - it started out ...
A remarkable book  about remarkable characters caught n the cross hairs of war
Truly Special!
I was astounded by the the authur's transition from one ...
A beautiful novel about an ugly time
Beautifully written story
A dark, sad story.
beautifully told story
enoyable!
Don't Peek at the Ending!
Amazing book
Intricate plot
I was spellbound throughout.
Magnificent!
lovely book
HUMAN SPIRIT
Great Read
There's a reason this is such s best-seller
Way overrated.
Not an easy read
loved it
This was a great read/listen (i used whisper sync)
Fascinating story
GREAT story line and plot with really interesting characters
The writing is poetic. This story presents a different ...
wonderful
An amazing but sad history lesson
Fantastic book!
Beautifully written, heart wrenching, story
Literary masterpiece
A must read
Ought to challenge for best Fiction Novel written in 2014.
Fantastic Story!
What a beautifully written book
Excellent
Beautifully written. The characters are developed in such a ...
One of the best books I've read in a while - spoke to ...
Breathtaking
This is a beautifully written book that conveys very powerfully the horrors of ...
Passages of Time
An intriguing story of young victims of war.
Beautifully written novel
wonderful read. a little sad
Not for me.
Very different. The novel alternated between the German soldiers ...
Compelling Read!
Mixed Reviews
Excellent..
One of the most beautiful books I have read in years
couldn't put it down
beautiful book. Rich in elegant imagery and unforgettable complicated ...
Book club selection
At initial reading I didn't think I would care for ...
This book shone its own light!
Loved the back and forth of the two main charaqcters
Four Stars
Five Stars
Best book I have ever read
This is an interesting book that reveals the complexities of ...
Soft and Loud
I especially liked the aspect of family
Good
A good read
Prepare to be blown away  ...
I loved this book
Beautiful and atmospheric
excellent, moving, captivating
fantastic book, a must read!
Well written book
Helped me understand
Good read, powerful messages
Not really the page turner if you read a lot
Terrific book, The inner world of a blind girl is beautifully realized.
Loved it!
This is one of the best novels I have read
The book was great from a historic prospective and the development of the ...
Wonderfully drawn characters experience the sacrifices of WWII with hope ...
Fiction Writing the Way it Should be Written.
Very beautiful and heart wrenching story!
EXACTLY LIGHT FICTION
This was a beautiful book in spite of it's subject
wonderful story BUT
I don't usually read Fiction... This book ...
Moving story
Powerful brilliant read
something very special
This was terrific
Beautiful book
A good insight of what life was like in the European ...
haunting
Many sad times for the main characters but what an amazing ...
Beautifully written, devastating, inspiring. A poem, a song, an anthem.
The Light seen
Among the Best
Great book. Touching story of the dedication of a ...
A fantastic story. Two lives
An haunting novel of war and humankind
This is a great read. It shows how people on both sides ...
Totally Worth It
Stunning Novel...  Beautifully written, wonderful characterization haunting...  everything you want a novel to be.
Phenonominal!
incredible read!
Good book, but...
A true page-turner
exquisite
Our Book Discussion Group read this an ALL of us ...
Great book!
the book is wonderful. Such a sad picture of what Europe was ...
Couldn't put it down!
I was immediately drawn in and found the characters complex ...
Both  Sides now.
Couldn't Put It Down
... books about WWII and this is one I can recommend. Every part is interesting especially the back lives ...
Interesting from a historical perspective but verrry longggg winded......
... a book club I am in and I am glad that I did
A sensitive novel about the morals and ethics of war ...
I can just say that this is the best novel that I have read in many years
Viewing the horrors of Nazi Germany and WWII through the eyes of a young woman and young man provided a close up perspective of
Otdd organizational technique... not confusing, but ...
beautiful writing
If you love historical fiction
Rivetting
Loved It!
Beautiful read
A book to savour and rearead!
A Must Read
Good read!
Beautiful descriptions - believe-able characters and setting
A work of genius
and that was a disappointment.
I loved every minute of reading this book
Wonderful writing - so many wonderful details
I liked his descriptive writing if gave you the feeling you ...
While the outcome of the war is known the outcome ...
Interesting depiction of WWII in France
hard to read but must read
well-told
I really loved the book and the way it is written
A powerful story of tragedy and survival and what war ...
More than a WII novel
I really enjoyed this book
One of the best reads of the year
Light, truth and love
Interesting  read
She does not like the change of narrators and the changes in time ...
Loved this book
Good to get background info on German and French viewpoints ...
I always like stories about regular people stepping up because they are ...
Very light and dark
Beautifully written book with compelling characters and important history
Wonderful evocative prose
"unputdownable"
Amazing
Just love this book.
Astonishing, tender, awful and riveting
Mixed Review
Very descriptive
Lovely read.
The best book since "Life of Pi"
Compelling story of parallel lives
nancybarke
Needed more
A poignant picture of the human brutality of war
Beautifully written...
I have recommended this to everyone I can
I loved the characters whom the author portrayed vividly
some of the writing and insight into the characters was very good. I would not necesarily recommend this to friends
Outstanding book
I so enjoyed reading this
I loved this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book!
Excellent
Interesting Read
A story of daunting circumstances faced by diverse characters whose goals, also seemingly diverse, eventually onnect them all.
Incredibly beautiful
Wonderfully sensitive on a difficult subject
Unsatisfying end
All the light we cannot see
I really loved this book
A Rare and Exceptional Book
Emotional
Excellent until the wrap up...
Excellent characters and great writing
Read this book!
beautiful book
Marvelous, intriguing and exciting.
A wonderfully pleasing read
A MUST read for any serious historical fiction addict.
A very moving story
Spellbound!
Loved This Book...
More than meets the eye.
Dazzling
Beautifully written
Compelling story
Perhaps The Most Creative Pacing of Any Book, Ever
Not For Me
Best of the Best Sellers for past two years!
Recommended for an interesting story written in a unique style.
Very good novel
A GoodRead!
Don't be afraid. Read it!
Brilliant!
This is an amazing book
Brutally wonderful book! Captures the history
it's very good. As literature
Most excellent
I had trouble with the jumping around in time. ...
loved it!
Top notch writing
One of my all-time best books! I loved the way it was written ...
I would highly recommend this book to anyone
Brilliant read! A literary treat.
Was it an act of selfless love; or an act of self serving greed?
Great writer. His words are like a richly textured ...
Absolutely Amazing
A refreshingly different point of view (or rather 2 points ...
A must read
Beautifully written and set in Nazi Germany
Complex, emotional, deep, real
Of course it is not bad but if you want to read a real telling ...
Page-turner
A real "grabber"!
the best book I have read in years
I was deeply moved
Excellently Written.  Great Read.
A Book Not to Be Missed
Deeply satisfying read
This is a novel of beautiful developed characters and exquisite detail
Anthony Doerr made you feel like you were in the room with the characters of ...
a masterpiece
characters that shine through the darkness of war
Beautiful written moving story!
It's beautifully written, the characters come alive in the author's ...
Its not just a WWII book........
An excellent read
It reads well because Doerr's writing style is imaginative, ...
Good story, but it is too bad that his ...
The whole book is written in a way to satisfy the expectations of that part of the current middle ...
Excellent Read
A light for all in the darkness of Hell
Journey in a different and difficult time
The author did a wonderful job of description from a sight impaired individuals point ...
Sad
Perfect story and writing like non other!
Couldn't put down
I finished it so it had enough content to keep me going but was disappointed at the end
This beautiful book took me to a dark place in our ...
All the Light We Cannot See: a novel by Anthony Doerr
Extraordinary.
one of the top five novels I have read.
A beautifully written story about a young French girl who becomes ...
Historical Read with Heart and Soul.
Must Read
Intriguing WWII story
Beautiful book
A great story, beautifully and carefully written
A must read for everyone with a conscience and a heart with the capacity to be moved
The 2 side by side stories are excellent, the characters are engaging
An amazing book written about WW II
A very interesting story & I learned a lot concerning ...
A 500 page quick read
Couldn't put it down!
well worth reading. Some parts are difficult to read ...
Great read draws you in early and keeps you turning the pages.
a rare find
An Emotional Ride
exceptional work of fiction
a beautiful and dynamic book
Little too long, but good read.
An awesome book!
I loved the method of telling the story from different perspectives ...
Fascinating but depressing
Wonderful book
Good Story
a MUAT READ FOR A THINKING PERSON
Many interesting twists but I am always disappointed when one of my favorite characters is killed in ...
Sequence problems????
Beautifully written book - I will read it again
A torrent full of emotions !
a most enjoyable read
Easily the best book I've read in a long time!
To be honest, even 5 stars seem a paucity ...
Oh my!
Great read
but am glad I read it
Riveting. Masterfully written. Don't miss this story
should be a movie
Absolutely wonderful until the end
Must read!!
strength of the father helped create an independent, determine daughter....a survivor
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
I highly recommend this book
This was one of the most beautifully written and crafted books that I've read in some ...
Loved this book
This will be a Classic
Understand WW2 from the perspective of a teen
hh
I found this a beautifully written tale full of intricacies and the drama of ...
Beautifully written
Very impressed with Werner's easy knowledge with radios and the blind girl's ability to ...
Great book!
Doerr shines a brilliant light on recent history's darkest days.
Worthy of a Pulitzer Prize
This title came highly recommended, but did not quite deliver on its 5-star ...
Wonderful. Slow beginning but stay with it!
Loved it!
The author makes us "see"
Loved the writing style.
A brilliant and moving book
loved the characters and their stories
beautifully written story of the humanity lost in war
an excellent book.
This is a fantastic book. I can't imagine the amount of research ...
Not for the attached, feel-good reader.
Great story, well told.
Thought provoking...
Superbly written.
Who's the Enemy?
All the Light
Must read.
I loved the book but disliked the ending
Remarkable
Winner!!
Wonderful book. The reader gets a sense of what ...
"All The Light We Cannot See" is one of those ...
Pain and redemption....a beautiful Novel!
A well written novel brining the reader into intimate contact ...
This is a fantastic story about a young girl
Stunning!
I have recommended this book to many friends
exceptional
Captivating and enlightening
I completely enjoyed this book from beginning to end
I really enjoyed this book
History buffs & non fiction fans will like this book
Ery
I read a bit and then got uninterested and am ...
A different "take' on WWII as seen through the "eyes" ...
Don't miss this one!!
a brief love story impacted by WWII
and his characters are the light--luminous personalities drawn during the worst of times
Destined to be Great
Excellent story telling.
Two plots for the price of one.
A beautifully written novel
Simply Amazing
beautifully written!
It is the story of a young blind girl and ...
The light comes from 2 sides!
Fantastic
Really enjoyed the story and the descriptive writing
Well deserving of its awards. The theme of innocence ...
Writing lyrically about horror and human greatness in response, ...
Capitvating Book
Meh.
A very nice read
The invisible emotions
Beautiful read.
Really great book!
I had a terrible time figuring things out in the beginning
Totally lived up to all the hype!
All the Light We Cannot See
The best I can say is that elements of the story ...
I enjoyed the development of the two main characters in the ...
Great characters! Loved it
Great book
Soulful, Sad, Spiritually Uplifting
This was a very well written intense novel that followed ...
A MUST READ! STUNNING
A sensory journey.
One of the best books I've read this year
World 11 through the eyes of children
Best recent character driven WWII book IMO
Still thinking about it....
A beautiful book. Well written
... get past the first few chapters and then really loved the book
Wonderful story
all the light we cannot see: a novel
History of World War II as it was lived by average person.
One of the best of the year
their individual struggles are beautifully told.
excellent story about war in France and Germany.
Interesting story and a fast read.
This was an amazing story. Historically accurate
Sad but wonderful read
Good read
Linda
WWII  German boy and French blind girl
How can we not forget?
it's a beautiful, powerful and insightful journey into the lives of ...
beautiful and rich
This is one of those books that stays in your ...
Wonderful enthralling book!
I missed the boat, jumped in the trailing dingy and now wish I stayed upon shore.
I love World War II books
Beautiful
A Great Read!
depth and an overwhelming sense painful reality. This book keeps moving and one cannot ...
Wonderful read
would recommend it to frineds
A wonderful narrative with a lovely story
This is another beautifully written historical novel about World War II that can ...
A reminder
Great book. Had me laughing and crying all within ...
simply stunning
Beguiling
magical and inspiring
One of the most beautifully written books I have ever read
Wonderful!
An utterly amazing read
entertaining
great novel
A different perspective on WW II
Put this book on your top shelf
Doer's Great Work
I really enjoyed the book once I got used to going back ...
Beautiful story telling
A book I would recommend.
The best book I have read in a very long time
I love historical fiction
History personified
Excellent writing - The lives of a blind French gilr and a German orphan during World War II
hated to finish this book
Wonderfully written
The writer developed a plot that was unusual and interesting ...
Lots of surprises
Wonderful intriguing tale
All the Light We Cannot See
Great historical fiction
Too contrived
Had trouble getting into at first
great book
Exquisite
Finding Meaning in Enormous Struggle
As brilliant and poignant as The Book Thief
I wanted to say I love this book
Mesmerizing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sheer poetry
Required reading!
A different slant on wartime stories
One of the most beautifully written books I have ever read.
A wonderful but sad story about life in Germany and France during World War II.
As Good a Read as I had Hoped
Awe inspiring. A study of the effects of war on the youth of opposing sides during World War II.
Must read
History repeats itself
Unforgettable!
A clear look at humanity
slow and steady
Great novel which made me excited about life
page turner!
I would recommend it and a good read
gut wrenching and transcendent
Please bring this novel to the screen as it deserves.
Exquisitely written. I didn't want to put it down ...
Beautifully written
Thoughtful and comlex: a mystical storyof a documentary character..
Couldn't Put it Down
richly-detailed realistic story told in language so beautiful and poetic that it is lifted into something magical ...
Believable story of the "little" people in wartime.
Breathtaking, beautiful.
Engrossing
I was completely engrossed, engaged, moved by this ...
And while there are certainly bad guys, they are still characters with depth
The subject is a terrifying one but it is too sad and pessimistic
When Seemingly Divergent Paths Cross
Descriptive scenes that transport you
All the Light We Cannot See
outstanding novel
Refreshingly original
It's like he got tired of writing it and wanted to ...
A Must Read
Memorable Characters
Good Read
I enjoyed the sort of fantastic realism that the author provided
Good book (:
as it's definitely not a happy read.
I loved the story
Thank you Mr. Doerr
Well Crafted Novel
Beautiful story
A wonderful book. Very well written
Excellent Read
Loved this book
Love this book
Great story and the characters are so believable
5 stars
Moving, lest we forget.
Hitler was a horrible monster...
Missing 30 pages
One of the best books I have read this year
It is written beautifully, and it is a very unique and touching ...
Didn't deserve the hype
Outstanding Historical Novel
Beautifully written novel
Compelling and Gorgeous
Well worth your time
The inner perspective of the characters interwine with historical events ...
Very good!
Inspiring
what a lovely story.
human light
another tale of Europe at war
A Non history Buff Loves This Must Read Tale of WW2.
Excellent Book
a story of impact whether intentional or not
Haunting
A brilliant read
Truncated ending
I was drawn to the primary characters and the compelling ...
Great read
Beautifully written
Hard to put the book down
Great book if you like historical fiction.
Beautiful prose, lovely story
Good read
This is a wonderfully written book
Great book!
An Wnjoyable Read!!!
Beautifully written
A tender story, superbly written
I know it's a popular book, but I just ...
incredible. one of the best ive ever read.
A must read if you have interest in thus time period
Unexpected WWII thriller
which should be enjoyed more for the author's wonderfully-descriptive prose and exquisite character ...
beautiful
An excellent book for people that are not familiar with what ...
Slow moving, interesting story. You read quite a ...
Unforgetable Story
Beautifully crafted story with interesting characters
This is going on my top ten list of favorite reads. Beautifully written
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
A Well Written Historic World War II Novel
A one sentence description
... nothing much I can say to add to the wonderful reviews of this book
Shimmering
Fantastic!
Beautifully written - really enlightens you on the perspective of ...
Great story well presented!
Beautiful From Start to Finish
This book is beautifully written and hard to put down
Intriging Book
Book was recommended to me by a friend who lived in Germany ...
Excellent Novel
I thought it was a good read and would recommend it but not sure I ...
Read This Book, Now.....Now, Read this book you must.
excellent writing
Light Up Your Reading
A Great Read
Could not put it down
good read but not as great as it is hyped up.
ability to see
Hauntingly Beautiful
For a world war II book it was surprisingly focused ...
A book of the year in many lists
Fantastic
I set it down
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A great read if you are patient
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
it took a little time to get into the flow ...
Wonderful
This was a beautiful book that made me quite emotional towards the end
A Masterpiece
2015 best read
A very interesting light on an old story
An amazing book. I couldn't put it down
This is one of the best books I've read in a long time
Read this book!
This was a beautifully written book with excellent characterization and compelling plot
Beautiful and moving
Great book.
A good read.
Wonderful book. The author is extremely knowledgable in art ...
Nice Reading
Like no other Treatment of this very familiar topic!
Life's challenges
Good story
I couldn't put it down...
great book
very interesting read.
I would recommend this book to everyone who loves character development
new favorite
My Number 1 Book This Year
An astonishing piece of work, full of wisdom. ...
See the Story from a New Perspective
Couldn't stop reading
Historical fiction hits the mark
Good Story
Beautifully written
superb
beautifully written World War Two perspective
Absolutly amazing read.
This took a while to capture my interest, but ...
A must read
Great insight into the emotional evolution of German youth during ...
I loved this book
beautiful and hard in the ways that truths are hard
This book will stay with me for a long time
A wondrous journey.
BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN DESCRIPTIONS OF DETAILED LANDSCAPE
Interesting how the author was able to develop the characters ...
Close to a perfect read.
A well deserved success
Beautiful and well written
This is an interesting well-written book told from the dual ...
History lesson - from the perspectives of the protagonists.
Great book for non-fiction readers who get snarky over crappy fiction. TERRIFIC writing!
couldn't stop reading!
Beautifully written story that describes two sides of WW II
Irresistible Look at Both Sides of The Great War
People of hope
Poignant, parallel journey with two children, German and French, who lost their childhood to Hitters war.
Completely lives up to the hype
thought provoking
Brave and strong young people
Excellent account of WWE and what the children on two ...
Good characters but sloooooooooow.
One of the finest books I've read in a very long time
Unsurpassed
So far it is wonderful
A winter reading treat and holiday gift recommendation.
Mr. Doerr has created a descriptive masterpiece. From ...
This is an amazing read and has resulted in my going on to ...
Beautiful book. The plot was rich
Totally Engrossing
Another one I want to read again
Terrific book, once I started reading I couldn't put ...
the characters were very life like and the plot keep you thinking
The writing was beautiful, breathtaking even at points
Beautifully written; I didn't want it to end
a mastery of words. lyrical and full of intersecting lives during works war ii .
Beautifully written
Beautiful images woven through a suspenseful plot spanning the years ...
I really actually think it was a pretty good book
A Great Read!
Beautiful!
Now I would like to read Jutta's story
Well crafted story told in lyrical prose. Sharply drawn ...
Exquisitely written
The story of many lives in WWII
Extraordinary story
An amazing and well written book.
If the story had been told straight forward it would have been a much better story.
Old story in a new light
Wonderfully written. Slow and elegant start to the story ...
Very insightful read.
I thought the story lost focus and was overwritten. ...
This would make an excellent gift and I plan on buying it to give ...
Vivid descriptions of a horrible war
Worthwhile read
A great story!
The writing is beautiful to read.
Really enjoyed it. Not the type of book I normally ...
This book was tragic and beautiful. Each of the characters were very complex and ...
Unusual style of writing but was able to keep my ...
Great story, remarkable writing
Kept waiting for it to get better but it didn't.
Everything you need to know about life is in this book.
Such a beautiful novel...
Read this book
A bitter-sweet war story carefully yet beautifully told. Suspenseful in many parts
so overall I enjoyed the book
This story gave a good insight into what life would have been like for ...
My 14-year-old grandson liked the book and said it backed up reading he ...
A story worth remembering
Will it ever stop?
Well written, an interesting plot
A Different Story about WWII
Makes you think...
a compelling read
Terrific story. So well written
Highly recommend.
Excellent book with rich characters
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Favorite book of the decade
Five Stars
Five Stars
... use of descriptive and figurative language makes you feel like you're right there with the characters
Beautiful
This book gave me such empathy for the young people ...
One of the best reads of the year
the ending was not what I was expecting - the author could have done a better job with that part of the story
Engrossing
An enjoyable war story.
Beautifully written story of two young people who grew up ...
... people in war torn countries but this is especially amazing since the main character is blind
I enjoyed this story very much
This book ended far too soon....
A book to keep around and read again
the war imagined through the eyes of the innocents
I Loved this book
Wonderful story with many great characters
One of the best books I have ever read.
LIght explodes within these pages!
A Gem of a Novel
A Great Novel
Anything about this war or any war is a great sadness.
Excellent Read
Beautiful language with a story, somewhat hidden inside.
Lovely book, lovely written
Otherwise it was a well-written wonderful book.
I didnt want the story to end.
My husband loved this novel so I think I was being distracted ...
loved it!
A poignant case for no more wars.
One of the best books I've read
Loved this book
There's good reason why this was on the best seller's list ...
Great Book!
Flowing
Great novel about a young blind girl and her life ...
Good Gift!
Sublime!
Could not put it down.
You are there.
Makes you live in history
GREAT READ. MUCH TO LEAN AND LOVE
enjoyable book
a book that describes the daily reality of WWII
Our World beyond WWII
There are tow main characters and their lives intertwine. ...
The storyline and writing were good but switching from past to present and back and ...
I loved this book
The writing was good. the story was good too but there was ...
Haunting, exquisitely written
Anthony doerr writes well. there were parts which were ...
An Absolute Must Read!
Wonderful story to spiral through.
Very good read. I couldn't follow all the time
It is a sad, beautiful story
A memorable novel about WWII
This will be short and sweet! I truly loved this book
Moving and Completely Aborbing Read - Highly Recommended!
I particularly liked the use of the two young people to tell ...
I enjoyed reading and experiencing the different perspectives of the hardships
Invisible electromagnetic waves change lives!
No Wonder It was a Pulitzer Prize Winner
I need a book !
All the Light We Cannot See Opens Your Eyes to Even More that Is Beautiful
Great story
World War Two from a different angle
Poetically written it puts on display the best and worst of human nature as the characters are ...
Great story of sad time in history
BBreader
Did Not Want This Book to End
best book I've read for a while!
Loved this book
Fantastic and Well Written! Great read!
what a read!!
beautifully written
I loved this book
One of the Best of 2014
Beautifully written novel
Talented writer. .
Highly Recommend this book for everyone
Complex story line, but fully believable
Startlingly good
Beautiful details of scenery
I truly enjoyed this book - what a wonderful story
Sad, uplifting, much like life
I enjoyed reading this book
Would have enjoyed more if
Risking all to make a difference
A masterpiece
Great story
Poetically written
light/dark
Fabulous book....will reread several times.
Great summer read!
Fabulous
Good read!
Difficult to put down
Excellent story. I loved how all the characters had ...
All the Light We Cannot See
Excellent read
WAR STORY
Deeply Provocative
Wonderful characters!
Best book I've read this year
Excellent
Loved reading this book
Wonderful story and beautifully written
A wonderful read about WW11 from the point of view of ...
Fabulous book
BEAUTIFULLY written. So highly recommended
Five Stars
Wow:)
A MUST READ!
A very special book, just gorgeous
At first this book seems disjointed but it comes together and is so beautifully written that I found myself reading over paragra
Very enjoyable read!
somewhat confusing
Good read
Excellent book.
Great book from beginning to end
Immerse yourself in this book
Splendid! All the themes of life in war and peace are there.
Superbly conceived and executed.
not just another WW11 story
This is a powerful story that revolves around children defined ...
Highly recommended
Shining praise for "All the Light"
Loved it
Superb
Beautiful writing! Wow....
Heartbreaking
Someone needs to proof the chapter order before it is distributed.
Profoundly Moving
wonderful
excellent writing
Not up to the hype
A wonderfully written novel
Beautifully Written
This novel is not only beautifully written, it is a compelling narrative filled with ...
not a single wasted word
My favorite read so far this year!
A devastatingly beautiful tale
Truly deserving of all its acclaim.
Breathtaking...
I loved this book
Sad but not devastating page turner
A great read
I absolutely loved it. In took me a while to get ...
Excellent book. The only thing that frustrated me somewhat ...
A must read that wil become one of your favorites
I liked it because it didn't have a fairy tale ending
This is a thoroughly disturbing book to read. Although ...
A book of wonder tempered only by an ambiguous ending ...
A great read
Life is not fair or unfair. It's life.
Wow
Stunningly beautiful!
If it weren't for the advice of friend who had read it and liked it, I would have
Heartbreak & realities of our inner strength in war
Beautiful story of survival.
Not As Portrayed
Highly recommended.
Totally engaging.
speechless
Highly recommended
Will hate to see it end!
Great book!
an excellent book
Captivating book
Let there be light!
The author gets you to really care about the characters ...
The story is a page-turner and renews one's faith in the power of each human being for good and sometimes for bad
We both enjoyed it immensely
A fascinating pair come together in a doomed French town ...
This is beautifully written and a charming if sad story
Same War, Different Viewpoints
As gripping as The Book Thief and very similar in ...
All the light we can see was worth a read ...
WWII from the German and French citizenry point of view
I liked the plot idea
Great read
All the light we cannot see, a brilliant book
Read this one, for sure.
What writing!
Doerr enters the life of the girl, and all ...
Whoa!
Straining to see the light
a must read
wonderful historical fiction story!
An important and deeply personal book; consumes the reader.
This was a really good book. A really great book in parts - ...
I found this novel to be beautifully written and couldn't wait to pick up reading it ...
Terrific reading!!
Light from within
I also thought the ending was brilliant. I thought yep
Based on the amazing reviews of this book
Surprised by grace for the unthinkable
I have just discovered Anthony Doerr; now I know ...
Beautiful descriptions of nature and human relationships
special
A beautifully woven story with complex characters.
Read it!
We selected this novel for our literary society. During ...
I loved everything about this book
Beautiful
a book that slowly buT surely enthralled
Great book, written from a unique perspective about WWII
This is a wonderful literary work that focuses on the lives of two ...
Fascinating read
work of art
Wonderful read!
q
An Astonishing Book!
Especially liked the short "chapters
One of the three best books on kindle
A great first book for this author!
... are interested in World War II this is an amazing wonderful book
... of a blind girl who sees all and a brilliant orphan who naively gets swept up in Nazi atrocities
A really great read. The characters are so fully developed they ...
A very well worth read
It is a most moving novel. I visited Saint-Malo ...
All the light in bitter darkness beckons
Write in sequence, please.
A Truly Touching Story
Wanted a better life for all of them
Amazing
This was an excellent audio book
All the Light We Cannot See makes one see the the folly of war.
Good Historical Read
A good read.
Grateful this was recommended!
insightful read
ahhhh, it was good
could not stop reading
Beautiful
Outstanding book!
Moving Tale
Could not put it down!
A beautifully written story about the lives of two young people ...
A Very Human Story, in the Best Sense
All the Light we cannot see.
Excellent story!
I never write reviews and wouldn't think to write one ...
You cannot miss this read
Good civilian war experiences
in many ways the best novel I have read in my life despite infuriating ...
I enjoyed this inventive story of the last days of WWII ...
Sweet tale
Fun Read
It was a good book but am I the only one who felt ...
A Must Read!
Sticks To Your Ribs
A good read, intelligent story telling.
Beautifully written story
Good book - but I did not find it as remarkable as did everyone else.
A great reason to revisit reading!
Now I have to visit St Malo
Although I had a good idea how this novel would end
LOVED IT
Beautifully written. The story was intriguing and kept my ...
Almost like a memoir.
I highly recommend it!
Worth your time.
This is an excellent book!
Amazing story of two unlikely children - one blind and ...
I loved this book
Each day became an eye opener in a different kind of world
I very much enjoyed the read
A very vivid story of good people in terrible times.
Wonderful story line
The author weaves a magical story with beautifully developed characters and scenes
While this book is very ell written and engaging, ...
LIGHT IN THE DARKNESS
I loved it gf couldn't start it
Yes, but
Beautiful writing and a mesmerizing tale
ALL A'S FOR THIS ONE
Good book
Wonderful story of what happens to two children growing up ...
War is devastating and sad.
Highly recommend
I loved this book.
Just loved getting to know the two main characters and was ...
Great story about a blind girl and her father during ...
Beautifully written, suspenseful and affecting
Fantastic book. I was awed by Doerr's depth of ...
loved this book
This story will stay with you ....
Highly recommended
Good book
Beautiful Read
Beautifully written.
Amazing
Luminous
Well written and thought out fiction tied to a part ...
Excellent story, Meh writing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
A Real Snoozer
A Very Special Book
One of the best books I have read in a long time
Engrossing in every way
Loved this story of the blind girl and her journey through very trying times....Also gives you insight of many lives lived in th
I loved this book
A beautiful story
I'm glad I finished it though
A beautiful book.
Engrossing Delight
Thought provoking
A different side
but I didn't like the ending
It's ok
Disappointed
Beautiful!
A refreshing change
A beautifully told story that kept me wondering what would happen ...
Highly Recommend
It is very sad in its story of two unfortunate children caught up ...
I am still in the process of reading this book ...
This book is wonderful! I'm still reading it but I can't stop ...
Get this book
Outstanding
very good book
The best book I have read in years
Hope in the most desperate times
All of the Light We Cannot See is quite illuminating.
The Casualties of WWll
Sure a good lesson in living with so little and not complaining
Beautiful book
Too disconnected
Exceptionally engaging
Imaginative story with great description. I loved the characters and was invested ...
Slightly let down.
Took forever
Great book. Thoroughly enjoyed it
Beautifully woven story
Disappointed, but stuck with it!
Steve Reid
A gem
Brushstrokes
All the Souls We Fail to See
Unforgettable
Great story
Beautifully written historical fiction
Enjoyed meeting the characters thought that they were developed as ...
I liked it because it is extremely well-written and focuses on ...
one of the best historical novels I've ever read during World War
Beautifully written. Wonderful story.
Excellent book
My fiancee and I were blown away by this story ...
Book Club Book
One of the best books I've read in years
Great read!
all that glitters is not always golden
Molded, shaped and changed forever by war
Excellent epic story
I loved this book although I thought it went on a ...
A worthy read.
Well written story
Found it difficult to put this one down. Left ...
A favorite
Beautiful
It is a more challenging book to read but it ...
It did pick up and we all mostly like the last 1/3 - 1/4th of the book
extraordinary book
incredible story!
Gently told tale
spellbinding
beautifully brilliant
good Book
Excellent book. Only problem was that there were multiple ...
Great Read
Awesome book
Just read Frye's review
Beautiful writing
A Must Read!
Awesome read. I read a lot but I've had ...
All though I enjoyed it up to the half way point
But all in all I enjoyed the book very much
An amazing beautifully written book.
I expected a good book but I was pleasantly surprised that it was ...
Terry Tempest Williams has given me a new look on ...
complex book that mirrors the best and worst of those experiencing world war 2
A very good story about WW-2 describing development of the Nazi movement ...
Excellent book, somewhat sad
al
Compelling and gripping account of wartime France
One of the best novels I have had the pleasure to read
I enjoyed the way the book moved around in time
Best Story in a Long, Long Time
Incredible
Beautifully written, disturbing
loved this book!
this was an educational book on the war.
Fabulous
Did enjoy the story of the blind girl and her father
Anticlimactic... sort of... not... powerful ending
Child's reactions to wartime.
A magnificent book.
Deserving of the Pulitzer Prize!
I usually get bored reading long books
Wonderfully imagined characters and circumstances
WWII As Seen From Inside Europe
Wonderfully written booki
Great read
Very well written
Beautiful imagery
Beautiful prose
Both spiritual and grounded in reality
Reeling from the sad beauty...
Great Read
nonetheless very good but not a book
I fell in love with the characters and I so wanted a happily ...
Outstanding Book
great story!
Add this read to your "bucket list"
An appreciation of Life even when we cannot see
Wonderful read. You will get to know and understand ...
Great Story!
it was an incredible novel which made me feel the ...
Compelling but hard to understand.
Fascinating account of World War 2 realities for those unfamiliar ...
outstanding
You will not be disappointed. I can't stop thinking about this one
A very well-written novel loaded with great historical information and wonderfully interesting characters to match
As good as it gets!
Moving story
I made myself read it slowly because I didn't want it to end even though I found it so good that I wanted to keep reading and re
A Terrific Read
On a par with The Book Thief
Two teens caught on opposite sides in WW2
I loved everything about it
A joy to read
An Immersion in WWII
Wonderful read!
tedious..yet good learning vocabulary material  though ..
I was reluctant to read another WWII novel, and ...
Beautifully written by an accomplished author
great read for the greatest generation
The need to,survive
Wonderful Story
Totally different aspect of World War 11, from two ...
the world captured in word pictures
I really liked the characters on both sides being portrayed so well
It was difficult to put it down. I visited ...
in spite of the hatred and the horrible circumstances, people can still make the choice to ...
Amazing story that will have you on edge about what ...
haunting
You'll enjoy "All The Light We Cannot See
All the Light We Cannot See is a story of ...
Wonderful!!
It is a beautiful story about World War II seen through the eyes ...
but beautiful. You will have tears and if you don't
Lyrical
Great insight into the occupation of France in WWII.
well done but graphically brutal
All the Sounds Were Still  Heard
An absolute winner
Loved it!
Helping us see the light, an amazing journey.
A complex and moving novel about occupied France and Germany during WWII
Great novel. The characters are well developed
Jayne
Enjoyable read!
Interesting but over written
I enjoyed the book but I am not fond of flipping ...
All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel ...
Couldn't put it down
Like looking at a Picasso--Admire the colors; don't think about the subject.
A Great War Time novel
riveting characters!
seeing
If you enjoy the World War II genre
Best book I read last year
A VERY TOUCHING STORY
excellent read
Enjoyable read!
I also was caught being sympathic to both of them and unable to make the best decision
So beautifully written I could not put this book down
A beautiful book that was a pleasure to read and think ...
Looked forward to my free moments when I could enjoy this writing
Not at all what I thougt it would be.
A beautifully written account of how two teenagers--a blind French girl ...
the good, the bad and the ugly behavior that a ...
Interesting story
I loved it that the author delivered me to a place ...
unforgettable
A great read and hard to put down
Sorry to have it end.
I was very disappointed. I heard nothing but good things about this ...
Read me!
See the light for yourself.
I think it is a love story
A bit long, but worth the read.
Great historical fiction in WWII
Wonderful Book!
wonderful, poetic
Beautiful story...wonderfully written
Gorgeous
Great book.
great book that takes place in WWII
Good read-just not my favorite book
Beautifully written. You will fall in love with all ...
wonderful!
Absorbing, intriguing, profound
Haunting Images
I love books that move forward and back in time and ...
A Unique and Engaging Wartime Story in France and Germany
Beautifully written and touches the heart in its descriptions of ...
you know you've hit on a great one!
Five Stars
Fantastic novel. I couldn't put it down
Stick with it!
Very Good
an amazing tale
Loved this book!
Beautifully written, remarkable story
Such a lovely tale
Beautiful
Great read
Very good, couldn't put it down
Loved the perspective that switched back and forth between the ...
The plot is sad as are all "war" based stories
Excellent
So long!
Wonderful, touching novel, well worth a read
Definately read this!
A must read
fantastic and fantastical mythic characters live sped binding histories conveying thereby the unbearable horrors of the German m
Contrived
Captivating, flawless tale
good.
One of the most beautifully written books I have EVER read
Interesting concept
my favorite book of the year
Excellent
A very touching and realistic story! I had a ...
Doerr has told an amazing story about two young people from different worlds
I enjoyed how the author set the story up for the ...
A wonderfully written story of the horrors of WW2 and how ...
Imaginative, Beautifully Written Tale of World War II
An  amazing book!  At first  it was a little too much to take in.  Werner
Beautifully written
I am not a fan of stories that keep flipping ...
compelling story
... story but the beauty of the writing and the amazing main characters was so wonderful
A well worn subject with a definitely refreshing warm view ...
A very clever and imaginative story
Good review of what it was really like in Europe ...
Timing sequence was very confusing I do not recommend.
Exellent
Extraordinary!
a compassionate story of lives affected by WWII
Amazing!
Historic Literature
Excellent Read
beautiful story
They are so beautifully drawn. If you enjoy the WWII historical setting
If you love to read get thus book
Wonderful book! Looking forward to more fromt this author!
A splendid novel, rich in language and character development ...
Couldn't Put It Down
The human drama
Read this with your heart
SUPERB!
World war II seen from the perspective of two young people on opposite sides
Wow
Excellent story and writer did a superb job of alternating ...
great read
It was good to read about World War II from a young ...
Interesting story of occupied France.
HISTORY
Powerful
A  light to behold!
A beautiful, sad story
Unique Plot
Another great book by Mr Doerr but definitely better than The Shell Collector.
Could not put it down
Worth Reading
A realistic yet hopeful meditation on Beauty and Science in the face of war.
I couldn't put the book down and it was a very good read! Highly recommend it
A truly good read!
Don't miss this magical story
Excellent. Extremely visual journey thru a dark chapter of Europe during WW II
Great historical fiction
Well worth reading
This is a beautifully written story set during one of our worst times
This is one of the BEST books I have read in a long time
excellent read.
This is a book you will not soon forget once ...
Great book. Written well and shared some of history ...
Beautiful story
Just wonderful. A very human book
but very sad.
READ IT
A unique view into opposing sides during world war two
Left me in a very reflective state of mind
why did this book have to end?
Short chapters made for easy reading when you were tired at night
different format
The writing is beautiful; the story lines are skillfully interwoven
Beautifully written portrayal of what was to me
may be a new favorite
Could have been more
Beautifully rendered characters
This is a beautifully written book with lush descriptions and an interesting story ...
Best Read in Years
This was one of the best novels I've read this year
Disappointing
A different look at pre WWII France and Germany.
This is a great story and I would recommend it
Great read while I was travelling
but it sure picked up quickly and was a great read. It takes you as an actual person ...
Stick With It; It's Worth It
The book was recommended to me by someone to whom it was also ...
This is a very large book and I'm still trying ...
poetic novel
Fascinating story
Loved it!
This was a great read
Brilliant Writing.
Loved This Book
beautifully crafted, an engaging read
Sad to see it end
this is an old fashioned story
great writing with descriptions that transport you to another time ...
This novel is in a class of its own
exploring world war 2
Great fun to read.
A most absorbing and beautiful story
great read
Gorgeous.
A Must Read
Wonderful story and told in an incredibly interesting way
I love stories that shows the lives of people so affected ...
Thought it was a great read and very entertaining
I really enjoy historical fiction
moving on
Brilliant, this is the book that I will remember ...
Doerr conveyed love, respect and a sense of responsibility during a ...
Great Book
A Beautiful Read
I haven't read a story that had me wanting to ...
Imaginative, well-told story. Captivating.
Light that can't be seen in the face of world war
Touching...
Excellent read!
A wonderful story told masterfully.
WWII Like You've Never Felt It
The writing was first class and the characters well developed ...
Beautifully written
Loved the juxtaposition of the German military's point of view ...
A superb read!
powerful
Sad but excellent
One of the finest books I've read
First half seemed to go slowly jumping back and forth ...
Brilliant Novel
Kep the Faith
A lovely story.
good historical fiction
Great Book
Great Writing and Story.
Couldn't put it down.
Great Book - Unsatisfied Ending
Such a good author!
2nd World war from the point of view of  unwilling occupied French people in a village, narrated by a blind girl.
I'm glad I read it
Very well done
Best books of 2014
Gorgeous Read
Captivating!
Exceptional
Want more Doerr
wonderful book
I just loved this novel
Beautiful!
I loved this book so much
I loved this book
A heroine's story
Details, details... get to the point!
I. Tritel
Buy it now
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Interesting Read
Concepts of good and bad.
This was one of my favorite reads of the year
good
Wonderful book? I loved the way it was written ...
Arrived in excellent condition. A story with well-drawn characters that transports ...
beautifully written with incredibly real characters living and surviving in ...
The best I've read in this century
I like the presentation of the two main characters in their ...
Beautifully written
Great historical fiction!
Loved
Captivating! Not a history buff but this book has ...
I loved this book
This novel should be a must read on everyone's list...
enthralling
Loved this book
Great novel.
what a breath taking boob
Outstanding & amazing book
A Delight to Read
What a fabulous book - so well written - engages ...
The writing was fantastic but it did seem repetitive
One of the best novels I have read in quite a while
Difficult...
Great storytelling
Powerful
Enjoyed the different style of writing
Couldn't put it down!
Great book
As a fan of historical fiction, and especially WW ...
Master of metaphor and poetic prose.
Beautiful.
It was a powerful story with a little different slant ...
Outstanding
Excellent book, I hope a movie is made from ...
twisting time in a wartime tale
Inspiring
a fine wine of fiction
An extraordinary story of war and love
Possibly the best
Tragedy and survival
Amazing
First Rate American Literature
Beautifully written
amazing
5 stars for "All the Light We Cannot See" by Anthony Doerr
Well written historical novel
Amazing book--- lyrical yet intriguing
The best book I have read this year
It is also a good historical insight into life of a Lighthouse Keeper
I was totally enthralled...
Good Fast Read
A gem of a story.
Amazing reading
Good read. Story well told through the eyes of ...
A new classic
Enlightening
One of the best I've read lately
Well worth reading.
many-layered and brilliantly written novel
this book had me falling in love with the characters
Riveting book
A Book for All Generations
This is the best book I've read for some time
5 stars as it was a wonderful read capturing the horrors of war from both sides ...
One of the best books
This was a wonderful story full of history
Superb.
I am a big fan of WWII novels and although this is good, I have read better
THE BEST
... that made me feel what it must have been like. I have read many others and this one ...
One of the best
Beautifully Written
SImply beautiful
wonderful writing
a wonderful book!
This is one of the best books ever written
Best book I've read this year
I really enjoyed this book
Super happy with the fast shipping and quality of the ...
one of the most brilliant books of all time
The book was slow in the beginning but got better as it went along
All the Light We Cannot See
Contrived but gripping Holocaust story
I liked the parallel lives between the two youngsters
Stunning
Excellent read.
Still need to think about it
Characters come alive
Excellent story. I couldn't stop reading!
Haunting
fabulous novel
Touching
I would have liked more concentration on the little girl
Beautifully written
I love historical fiction
One of the best novels I have ever read
Good story you wont want to miss
Captivating
Powerful and emotional. Gives you a feel for the ...
An inspirational read
This novel is a wonderful, sensitive look at World War II primarily through ...
I wanted to like this book more
Another War Story, well told
Intriguing look at WW11 through the eyes of a couple ...
Best anti-war book
Beautiful story
Fantastic new perspective on WWII
The author puts the reader inside the minds and emotions ...
A very different war novel
A winner
Could not put it down
Beautifully written
A great read
Good read and interesting view of history
A must read.
The best novel I read this year
Gorgeous
Spellbinding
Beautifully written, but not very enthralling
It is absolutely the best book I have read this year
Was disappointed in ending which was like author decided he was ...
Enjoyed it very much
A must read for anyone interested in WWII.
Rich journey to a too-quick end.
Fantastic
Touching Story
National Book Award Finalist
Gripping story line
a book for all times
Well done historical fiction.
wonderful poignant story
a marvelous book!
... the reader through the events with some of the best writing I've read in recent years
Wonderful
Excellent book, I highly recommend it.
This book is a riveting story that takes place during ...
Best book 2014
Totally human perspective of life in Europe during WW11. ...
This showed how people can be brainwashed, also the ...
just another war story
After I got who the people were and where they were placed I very much enjoyed the book
HISTORIC NOVEL
Refreshing take on WWII fiction
All the Light You Cannot See was enjoyable on every ...
... of the way into this fast paced book and love this author
A must read
A meaty read.
A new high water mark
Don't Miss This!
I began reading this on my Kindle and thought it would be a great Audible book
I have read too much Non-fiction about WWII to appreciate ...
Beautifully written
Once you get used to the back and forth of ...
A well constructed novel which skillfully combines the stories of ...
This was a great book that I savored
loved every minute I spent reading this book
Great novel once you get used to the literary style ...
wonderful story re WWII from both sides
Great writing, Great plot
Beautifully written saga of 2 families caught up in the ...
4.5 stars if I could!
This was beautifully written, but the characters never truly develop
All the Light We Cannot See
Engaging novel
enchanting account of WWII
Wonderful read!!!!
I was bored out of my skull
Wonderfully written book
It was quite nice to read a "different" take on WWII and how ...
This may be the best book I have ever read
I've been waiting for a book like this.
Choppy presentation
This book is about what really shines in the dark.
A moving novel
Fantastic, page turner, riveting.
Excellent Read!
Enjoyed this book
Really beautifully written and riveting novel
and woven together with great lyricism.
This book is a masterpiece and a joy to read
A Different Approach About War.
This book was wonderful! It drew me in
GreatBook
Beautifully written
Must read
A Most Enjoyable Treat!
Beautiful in every way
Life
Amazing Analogies
Thought provoking
Great read!
An enjoyable read
Well written and a page turner
LOVED THIS STORY!
wonderful book.
Poignant story.
Great book club book!
Outstanding Writing
Dazzling!
excellent ...a definite page turner
Beautifullly written and a wonderful story of love and hope and
My favorite of my recent books
one of the best . . .
An unbelievably crafted work of art
All the Light We Cannot See
Liked it!
Two unusual and beautifully written characters growing up and then caught up the ...
One of the best books I've read all year
I liked the shorter chapters that alternated for each character as ...
Wow!
This book pulls you in and holds your interest. ...
Engaging
Enthusiastic support for All the Light we Cannot See.
Beautiful writing
What a good book!
Amazing
Brilliant, inspiring
I kept trudging through it hoping it would get better - maybe it eventually did
The contrast between Werner and Marie laure
Flame of the Seas
All the light
One of those books that you often stop and reread sections because they are so beautiful.
Outstanding
I could not put it down. Two barely intersecting ...
Captivating
exquisitely crafted...mystical
A blind girl with the will to survive and a father who gave her the tools to do so.
Highly recommend
Great Read!
pleasure to read
Wistful and beautiful
All the Light We Cannot See
wonder full
Great.
Excellent, great story and writing
All The Light Review
Yes, you want to read this book. Not your every day theme or writing. A good, interesting read.
It was sad, but very moving
Gloriously written and plotted.
Memorable Story
Riveting!
Gorgeous imagery
beautifully written
Worth the time!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
War
Loved the story!
The terrible consequences of a completely misguided ideology
stayed strong through those horrible years!
I loved this book and highly recommend it
beautifully developed characters
Very interesting story. The writing style of two stories ...
Exquisite
Was very deep, powerful, moving. Left me ...
Great read
debswe
Beautiful.
I liked this story
Care aboout any nazi? Don't think so.
A real page turner
Take your time enjoy this one
A Memorable Masterpiece
An impressive look at World War II from the perspective ...
Good Book
Life Affirming?  Not!
Wonderful book--the author did a marvelous job of switching between ...
First Rate Novel
I loved it!
War an abomination to the soul.
This book had my attention and would not let go ...
I really enjoyed it! Historical fiction intrigues me
Found, never lost
Beautifully Written
beautiful story
A touch of my soul
One of my favorites
I really enjoyed it. Gave me an interest in WWII where ...
Illusions of Light
best book I have in years!
The best contemporary historical fiction I have read
Did not like the way it eneded but that is life i ...
WWII novel simultaneously in France and Germany
This was a good one. A blind girl
fantastic
Gruesome and Tender
Beautiful
a great read!
One of the best books I have read in a long time
Great book. Hard to put down
It is not a typical war story nor is it a love story. Read it for yourself
This is by far one of the finest novels I've read this year
Beautiful
Werner was a German soldier the reader will come to love.
Fantastic!
Beautiful prose. Characters straight from Dickens
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
At times we find we are in the past but suddenly in the present - a good insight into what it was like to be in ...
Victims and survivors of war
Loved this book
One of the best books I have read this year
I absolutley loved this book
Different war setting with good characters
I loved this book
Beautiful and touching journey, a gem.
A rare Gem
So beautifully written
I have read 2 volumns of Anthony Doerr's short stories ...
I loved the very short chapters
One of the best books I have read in a while
I have liked reading about the Holocaust
A different point of view!
A really superb read!
Good read
Recommended
beautiful, ethereal, poignant, floating . . .
As good as most claimed it is...
One of the best books I have read in the last year
beautifully written
War through the eyes of children
This book challenged my sense of time, I needed ...
This is a wonderful piece of literary work
must read
Beautifully written story of two young people on opposite sides ...
Engrossing Novel
one of those compelling books you are sorry to see end
great twist with the cursed diamond story
Fantastic
Moving
I enjoyed this book
Insight into what German youth experienced under the Nazi regime Enjoyed thoroughly.
Stunning Work of Art and History
Interesting
Unlikely heroine
Very moving
Exceptional
Captivating read
Disappointed and boring
A remarkably good story that gives great insight into what is was ...
Great book, well written
An exquisitely written tale
Beautiful book about two young people and their struggles during ...
A World War II story of survival
A beautiful story of 2 diverse characters
Having met the author in Stanley, Idaho and own ...
Poignant but Not Schmaltzy-- 4 stars, maybe 4.5
I like the fact that the author had such a good ...
Great Read!
Unforgettable
Review for All the Light We Cannot See
unbelievably brilliant
When a writer has visual control with words for the ...
a beautiful book
engrossing
Amazing
Perfect
One of the best books I have read in 2014
Marvelous work!
A beautifully told story
Great read. The characters were so well developed by ...
All the light we cannot see
I enjoyed this read
A literary and emotional triumph
I really enjoyed this book
Next up--A happier story!
Good book
A wonderful book. There are so many books written about ...
Sharon
I enjoyed this book very much
A well crafted story balancing hope and love against terror of war
A new favorite
Very interesting story with unknown details about the War but ...
well done
Everyday heroes
One of the best books of the year!
Top quality
Beautiful writing, multi-layered story
Great Read
a compelling story
Beautifully written book
From the invisible spirits we can not see
Excellent in Every Way
excellent.
Superb - in every way.
Captivating page turner!
Really good images created by the writing
So this was the war our fathers saw!
Beautifully written
An amazing story!
One of the best written books I've ever read...
Wonderful descriptions that make the story real
A MUST READ
Always the flame...
Terrific story, beautifully told
Anthony's writing is excellent. The history in the novel
I felt like was in the story
Beautifully told story which illuminated the many hardships endured by ...
Feeling
Excellently written book. A unique insight into the lives ...
Wonderful second time around
It is deservedly #1 best seller-- I predict it will be a classic
I loved this book
I found it Intriguing that the German youth Pfennig saw ...
Simultaneously tragic and beautiful
This is a beautiful novel, well-written and interesting subject - a 12 ...
Phenomenal
Nice writing style
wonderfully woven story!
Such a beautiful story of love and the horrors of war
Recommended Read
All the Light
loved it!!!
Best novel of 2014
Worth the time to read!
Loved the writing and the story
... sorry to say this was not one of my best reads although I stuck through it until the end ...
Great book about a era that deserves more attention
Beautiful story with wonderful characters
This novel revels goodness in people even in the most ...
Very well written
Anticlimactic and much too long
Anticlimatic
Beyond good and evil
A wonderful book!
Touching and thought-provoking
The best book I've read in many years
Read this book!
YES.
Superb!
A very good choice on the Best Sellers List
Mesmerizing
Would really rate it as a 4.5
Hauntingly beautiful!
Character study
Love
fantastic!
Second time around was better
really interesting read
simply wonderful
A totally different take on the human drama of WWII
Read every word
Why he was so quiet.
great story
love & loyalty
This is my favorite book of 2014
Beauty, sadness, and a sense of wonder
stunningly beautiful
Very good book just heart breaking to read
liked the blend of horizontal and vertical story building
Bravo!
Five very bright stars
Character development is excellent, contains suspense
Loved this book!
Bland -- Possible spoilers
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best read this year
One Star
Snails and Radios
A really good, well written story
Some good characters but story led where?
A touching account of how war devastes common lives. ...
Read It - You Will Enjoy it and it will make you think!
I highly recommend that people don't let this story pass them by
Very good.
great read
Very good read
Memorable read
Real Feel of History
Wonderful book
Excellent!
Enjoyed the short chapters that focused on different characters
Love This Book
Read and see the lights within us
It was a good book Kept you interested all the way through
Loves this book!
GOOD STORY ENLIGTENING ABOUT WWII AND THE INVASION AND OCCUPATION OF FRANCE
Profound!
Not to be missed, beautiful writing and a beautiful story!
A spectacular story
Wonderful Story
Beautifully written story
A beautifully written book
loved it
Heartwrenching
Easy summer reading
I really tried but it was getting so tedious. My brother had seen how highly recommended it ...
I've never read read a book so compelling it's like you were in saint malo yourself and could feel ...
Absolute heaven! Re-read several lines. A book to ...
A wonderful story. I couldn't put it down and was ...
The human side that is not in history books
I don't get what happened to the Sea if Flames- that unusual diamond- that was pretty pivotal throughout the entire story
poor children vs the elite
Wonderful read!
Suspenseful and hard to put down.
Incredible
Long, but worth the read
overrated
A must read
All the light we cannot see
Beautifully written, compelling characters
This is the best book I have read in years
Amazing
All the light and more!!
The German occupation of France and the second world war distract us from the ordinary people so affected.
One of the best books I have ever read
A MUST READ!
Worth reading
Skillfully rendered and totally engaging
Fantastic Read
Loved this book
Haunting
poetic read
A treasured read
excellent!
lovely writing but so sad
This was the best book I read in 2014
amazing
... read another WWII book but had heard this was excellent, so I decided to give it a try
A good WWII novel that makes you feel you are there ...
Faith is powerful
Beautiful prose and endearing characters in a wonderfully interesting setting
Great read!
Great book Couldn't put it down
It took a while to get into the story but ...
One of the most beautifully written novels I have ever read
I loved this novel
beautifully written. oh so sad. the horrors of war and hatred told in a small story
A very slow and tiresome read - Positive reviews are preposterous in their adulation
Really enjoyed the characters and the history
Wonderful novel from start to finish
Lyrical and moving story
A study in how the human spirit can survive and be extinguished by great evil
Sad and touching and revealing and most of all
Engrossing
Masterfully crafted. However, for today's reader of current ...
One of the The Best
All the Light We Cannot See -
Definitely 5 Stars!!
My eyes were opened !
I loved this book.
This book is amazing. Has to be one of my all time ...
Best. Book. Ever.
I find it difficult to put in words the excellent review it deserves
Two teenage children try to survive the terrors of war ...
Others would probably like it better
A wonderful book
beauty in the midst of human ugliness.
Lovely
It was very good and quite informative
Great story. Author is very descriptive and makes you ...
It is written with lots of character development and I enjoy more story
Great Read...I highly recommend it.
Brilliant!
What is a headline ?
Beautifully written....
A wonderful recommendation by friends and book club members
The book was well written and it was a captivating ...
Really enjoyed this book
Captivating
One of the best I have read
Realistic and inspiring
An enjoyable read!
Really really good read. I do read a lot of 'fluff' ...
Loved it!
A Must read!
beautifully crafted story
not bad, mostly like other ww2 books
wonderful
NYT 10 best of the year? I believe them!
A fresh vision of a familiar story.
addicting,beautiful writing.
*****
a marvelous book
We may not see it but we can feel it.
A must read
Much more than a war story
Couldn't put it down!
Wonderful story!
One of the best I have read
Great for book club discussion
this was the best book I have read in a long time
Couldn't wait to pick it up every night.
Can't put this book down!
Anthony Doerr proved a great book can be written without heavy peppering of foul ...
Good Read
statement.
Remarkable piece of historical fiction
One of my favorite books of 2014
mesmerizing!
Disappointed
... long review when so many others have reviewed this wonderful novel. All I can say is I loved ...
Deeply moving.
So beautifully written, that I could have highlighted passages on ...
Loved it. Love the way the two stories run ...
magical
very touching
Should become a classic
I enjoyed it very much and plan to read it again
I expected a different type of read namely the inteaction ...
The writing is excellent!
one of the Best Books I have read in years
A well researched book, with a story that is ...
Great characters!
I could not put the book down, some nights ...
Very easy reading with two remarkable protagonists
A wonderfully descriptive novel
Review
Good Read
This is a beautifully written book
Surprised me!
Beautifully written. I tend to read a lot of ...
Realistic History
Read this book...
A hauntingly beautiful book about a blind girl in Paris at the ...
Interesting and thought provoking
Thought provoking
the kind of story that you won't forget
Very good book, page turner but tiring
Highly Recommended
a book for those who want to think about life.
Beautifully written with detailed descriptions and very well developed characters
This has had great reviews but sadly I have not been able to ...
Popular war story
Read it anyway!
Beautiful in every way
I have very few "favorite" books. I tend to ...
One of the Best Books of the Year
An interesting time in history and definitely a great
Beautifully written of the World War II years
Wonderful Read
Time well spent.
Different and interesting
I know this has received some great reviews, and I wouldn't say I didn't enjoy
captivating
Awesome Read
Disappointed
A Novel with Many Layers
A tale of goodness in the middle of a war.
long, but worth it
I really liked the book
beautifully written
beautiful but choppy
enjoyable
Outstanding
wonderful
Great story
Beautiful reflection of life in Germany between the wars and ...
An Unforgettable Read
I love this story because it portrays the feelings of those ...
a delight
Beautifully Written
haunting from beginning to end.
Good read
really Good
wonderful book
Anthony Doerr is terrific
a very different story of World War II. excellent!
Loved loved loved this book
Excellent novel in good taste.
marvelously written- you could clearly envision Marie and Werner's feelings ...
A keeper for one's personnel library!
Lived this book from beginning to end
Couldn't put this book down! So well written, ...
Outstanding book!
Enjoyed the historical novel
I especially enjoyed how this book flowed
A good story about life for both sides of countries involved ...
... is a reason this is on the NY Times Best Seller list
The writing was beautiful, and the characters were developed quite well
Luminous
About halfway through I began to really enjoy the story
Thought provoking and nostalgic. Heart-rending. The kind of ...
... references to things only French or German speakers would easily understand, that was tricky to completely get a ...
This book is wonderful. It's like a good song that's the kind ...
Lovely story, well told.
This was a brilliantly written book that is one of the best I ...
incredible
Absorbing & beautiful
Beautiful
Beautifully written novel
This book is stunning
Excellent read
Beautifully written
Beautifully crafted, well written and vivid characters
Not since Cold Mountain have I read such a well ...
Lovely!
A gem
Breathtaking
I loved this book and it was 500 pages that I ...
I like books where alternate stories are told and then converge ...
Excellent book.
Good book. Interesting characters
One of the most captivating books I've ever read. ...
Enthralling war time story
Excellent book strong character building and great but sad story ...
Good read
Wonderful read
Was recommend by a friend
I think it's going to be a really good discussion. I was pleased how the author made ...
A sensitive tale of youthful lives crossing during WW11
Best "Read" in Years!
Outstanding
I kept reading and it did get better. I would recommend this book which is about ...
One the best fiction books I have read in a long time
was a wonderful, sad read
Destined to become a classic.
I really enjoyed this book
i really enjoyed this book
Loved this book
Life affirming
Beautifully written and reflective of deep knowledge of many things
Beautiful
beautiful
but glad I did this
Historical Novel Winner
It is the best book I have read in a long time - ...
Sad, but I enjoyed it
A great read.
An incredible novel
One of the best. Good reflections on the social aspects of the ...
Powerful book, lots to ponder while you are reading ...
light review
Story of hope, conflict, fear, sacrifice, ...
Great American writer of our time
The writer is very talented and excellent use of work usage and structure
Great story and character development
Brilliantly written and conceived book
What is all the fuss about
I am happy to have spent time reading the book
Enjoyed but
Great Book
I was disappointed.
compelling
548 pages could have been 300
Fantastic!
Gripping read
Puzzled
great book but ended a bit soft..
excellent read
Best book I have read this year
Stunning
Amazing
The author presents a brilliant story with exceptional writing skills.
fabulous!
Beautiful writing and a terrific story
Interesting, well-written WWII novel
Wonderful despritions of France and various charaters
Enchanting
Different point of view of World War II story. ...
I loved this book!!
Good History
Found the story fascinating and unpredictable. This is the ...
Wonderful!
lovely
I liked how the story gave two sides of the war ...
fabulous story
Beautifully written look back to a dark time
It deserves all the hype
Haven't finished the book yet, so I could change ...
A good read
Wonderfully written. To "see" a war through so many ...
Tale of two heroes
A terrific read
The book is absolutely wonderful! I was just disappointed because the corners of ...
4 stars
I was rooting for Werner till the end!
Excellent writing, a memorable story without any cheap hooks
poignant story of humanity regained
One of the best reads for 2014
About a boy.  About a girl.  About two countries.  About a war.
Could not stop reading.
One of the best novels I have read in a long time
An excellent read
a book that gives it all!
Book club read
Great characterization
One of my favorites for the year.
So beautifully written. Incredibly moving
loved this book
Beautiful story.
Read it. NOW. You're welcome.
I'm only about 100 pages in but I'm already hooked ...
Best of 2014 - hand's down.
Beautiful, tragic, inspiring, and human.
Very descriptive. A bit slow but very different characters ...
Excellent book--enoyed following the characters as they survived the German ...
Stunning historic fiction
Loved the story but was a little disconcerted by how ...
One of the best books I read in a long time
Great story.
Beautifully written, but poorly ended.
I was anticipating more of a love story so was somewhat disappointed
beautiful, thought provoking
Well-Written
I did love the way the author brought it full circle
what a wonderful French city!.
All The Light
Marvelously Written
My top 5
... and German families and how they connected during the greatest conflict of our time
War is cruel!
Wonderful!
Loved this book
a good read. Probably more people should read this type ...
well worth the read
Fantastic read. Sad
Fantastic!
Beautiful imagery
Well written with plenty of innocents and villains, much like war itself.
great read
Easy to read
Good read. Excellent character development and a very poignant ...
Beautiful
a good read
So well writen
amazing book
Loved it hated it
One of the best books I have read this year
Loved this book by Anthony Doerr
How war shapes one's life.
Two characters drawn superbly
review
Arrived in better condition than expected
As poignant as Anne Frank
Excellent read
Wonderful
History and Poetry Mingled
Beautifully written.
this should be required reading
Nothing but praise!
All the Light We Cannot See
Fantastic book!
Excellent read
Interesting study set in WWII Europe
Title Chapters
Loved it!
Loved it.
I loved how the story was written
amazing book. must read
Very engaging.
Beautiful Writing
Engaging
Good character development
Good reading
Great read!
excellent read
the writing is wonderful!!!!!
amazing book - The best I've read in a few years.
great book!!
Great book.
Exquisite!
Beautiful
Told from several points of view this was a very ...
An amazing story of how lives intersect each other
I thought it was a wonderful read - actually one of the best books I ...
I loved the book
excellent
Great read.
this was one of the finest books I have ever read
On Kindle First, Then Bought the Book
I can't believe the great ratings this book has received from all sectors
Beautiful
great book. starts a bit slow but picks up ...
I really wanted to love this book but it just wasn't what I expected
Seldom impressed, but not this time ...
Beautiful imagery. Enjoyed the different perspectives and time frames ...
Really enjoyed the story line and the development of the characters
Interesri.g.
Amazing!
I did not think that I was going to like it. By the time I was at the ...
Well Worth Reading
Best I've read in several years!
I really liked the book
Well written and compelling story
Captivating story
Read it as soon as you can
Well Done
Creative Plot
Good read
One of the better reads I have had the pleasure to enjoy
This book was, in my opinion, very interesting ...
beautiful writing and description
I enjoyed the book but probably would have preferred a different ...
Outstanding!
This is a great read. I found the charachter development to be ...
An endearing journey
Vocabulary and descriptive writing superb. The story was such ...
so sorry that it ended
Lovely
extremely touching
Wonderful
One of the very best books of the year if not of the last ...
Beautifully written and hard to put
A Light Shining in the Darkness
This is a book that succeeds on many levels: ...
Best read in awhile
beautiful
Great book, I wish the younger and people and ...
captivating read
I got a bit confused with this book, but ...
The spirituality of this book and the beauty with which ...
It was a nice read but I did not LOVE it
I waited through about 80% of the book to see ...
Good mystery involved too
Great concept, 2 characters beginning as children to the ...
love, commitment
Insightful
Well written and good characters
I really liked it. I wish there were more conclusions for ...
which is good. But not a deep exploration of the time
Interesting read
Good for a WWII book
Beautiful novel, captivating characters
Riveting Read
Brilliantly written, tough emotional parts to digest at times
Lyrical, perfect
This book is one of the best I have ever read
All the light we cannot see.
good  read
as good abook I have read
Loved this book
The writing was very good but for me
Worth the read.
An unbelievable read
I loved the book except for the ending
Would give the book three and a half stars if that was an option but have read better.
Beautiful story, beautifully written
Excellent! Must read!
loved the characters
excellent
Beautiful and complex characters
Superb and haunting
All the light we cannot see
I would recommend this book
One of the very best books I've read for a long time
Beautiful book! You don't want to stop reading but ...
A Very Human and Compelling Story of WWII in France and Germany
I have recommended the book to friends
Wonderfully well written story of the complicated lives of those ...
Very well told and moving story
This was an excellent read. Great
Interesting perspective.
Beautifully written with a compassionate eye toward all human aspects ...
It's a beautiful book highly recommended
I have to admit I did not like tags beginning
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ending left me disappointed!
A compelling read! The book displays the cruelty of ...
Enlightening story
Wonderful read
Beautiful!
A very moving account of war and society
A wonderful, but sad story.
A thoughtful book with some depth
Great read
Beautiful story!
great read
Wonderful, amazing
wonderful story written very well about a blind girl and ...
This was is one of the finest books I have ever read
A Good Read!
excellent & touching!
I enjoyed the book and love the way the author wrote
There are so many better books that deal with World War II
amazing beautiful story
All the lighter cannot see
Wonderfully written novel- gentle and beautiful, yet powerful
All should read.
wonderful story
I loved this book
Captivating story
Great book
a MUST read
It was wonderful!! I love novels that have a historical ...
A wonderful story and beautiful language
Would recommend it highly
Seeing beyound the surface of the characters
well worth every page!
excellent weaving of narrative and characters
stunning
An Exceptional Read
A must read!
Reading to escape at its best
Beautifully written, poetic
Marvelous writing!
Loved the author's descriptions and how he moved through the ...
Awesome book
Brilliantly written. Doerr uses vivid analogies that arouse all ...
World War II story as French blind girl & German orphan/soldier cope with war
Understanding creation better with easy reading
beautifully written
Beautiful
Such a beautiful story. I felt I was there with them ...
Enjoyed this book
Exquisite
All the lightweight cannot see is in this book
Excellent book
A great story. The author makes some curious vocabulary choices ...
good read
Brilliantly sensitive.
All the light we cannot see
This book leaves me with so many questions about how ...
Literature
Unique perspective on how World War II affected the lives ...
Great book! A new slant on the WWII boy ...
superb, highly recommend
Loved this book
not great. I understand why people liked it -- the ...
A richness of detail and imagination
Doerr is an amazing wordsmith! I am lucky to live in the ...
Not a light read but a good story
Fully captivating
The book switched back and forth with characters and you ...
... story of two young people caught up in the horrible events of World War II Germany and France
Moving with beautiful prose
NEW STYLE OF WRITING
A beautiful story about human kindness and compassion as contrasted to ...
Deserving of praise
All the Light We Cannot See
Excellent! Different from other WWII novels!
Another war world II interesting story
A beautifully written book.
A book club favorite
Truly one of the greatest books I've ever read
A Book well worth reading
Excellent writing -- the descriptions are so good you feel ...
wonderful story
I lived during the time of World War II. ...
Hope you enjoy
I loved this book and could not put it down!
Abrupt ending
Thoroughly enjoyed reading
be patient
i particularly enjoyed Doerr's description of the main characters and what motivated ...
Wow! I've seen some light!
Fascinating parallel of different lives in WWII
All the light we cannot see
Loved it.
Although the action takes place during the 2WW, this ...
Highly recomended
He is a very interesting man and a wonderful author. The book is amazing historical fiction
A remarkable novel that combines the personal and private pain ...
Wow! Great writing! Love it!
Enjoyed the St. Malo setting
I loved the sense of place and strongly identified with the ...
Amazing storytelling
Fabulous read!
Very thought provoking
Very good
An interesting reality based story.
Excellent author, enchanting story
Beautifully written, wonderful story
The Best!
Excellent story and well written!  Didn't want it to end!
Just beautiful
a must to read
Great historical novel
The book was slow because of all the going back ...
meaningful but too long
I highly recommend this book.
Favorite!!
Thumbs Way Up
told brilliantly, with some of the most evocative writing that ...
Great Story
A Definite "10"
Insightful look at how we often are shaped by our environment s.
A good read
Excellent. Beautiful.
Phenomenal
Well written and suspenseful
I will reread this book
wonderful writing
The book is beautifully written, poetic
character's are meticulously developed and plot development flows at a perfect pace.
page turner
Read, learn and feel
Great story, beautiful glimpse into human relationship
Engaging and Thoughful
Excellent book. It highlights how bleak it must have ...
a beautiful, lyrical
Crisp writing style
This book is beautifully crafted. I wanted to keep reading but didn't ...
The characters enveloped me in, not only their story ...
Definitely Worthwhile
Too slow in the middle
Good book with intimate view on the war
His descriptions were so rich you could picture each character ...
Excellent!
Not a terrible book but I didn't like it as much as ...
felt wonderful.
Amazing
Marvelous! Most of us only know of WWII through Fathers and Grandfathers. This brings it to life.
Beautifully written, an engrossing story, a fascinating history
Will read it again sometime to understand further the complexities ...
Complex understandings of the world.
Stunning
Excellent
Well written, riveting tale
A lot to digest
Excellent
For those who dream ... And wonder
Two very interesting characters who should never interacted but then ...
compelling!
A book about vision and other senses.
A wonderful story, beautifully written.
Modern Masterpiece!
read it
All people are connected
One of best books I've read it long time
wonderful historical fiction
This a beautiful story, well written and flows easily from one ...
a Good Read
Beautiful
a delightful book
I loved the characters and how they were carefully woven together ...
stunning stunning stunning
What a story! What beautiful imagery!
This is a wonderful book about human capabilities
All the Light We Cannot See
tragic, intriguing, absolutely the best story about the human side of The War...
Have the courage to accept what cannot be changed and the resiliency to continue to try as long as possible to be better today t
Excellent story, well written, different approach to WWII.
love and family
I enjoyed this book-heart breaking description of the effects of that ...
solid writer
I enjoyed this book
This book has such a well written and poignant storyline ...
I rarely stop reading a book before I finish-- but ...
One of the best novels I've read in a long time
A great look into the personal affect of WWII on fictional but realistic characters.
A splendid historical-based novel of the day-to-day survival of WW ...
A Good Read of a Serious Subject
Intricate and beautifully written
... think it's a very compelling story and I really enjoyed it. It is written beautifully and had a ...
Great story line- well developed characters that really got you ...
Captivating
A touching story of two young people caught in the ...
Love
Unique Way to Tell a Story
best book this quarter
Excellent
Breathtaking
Wow
Great read
a closer glimpse
All The Light We Cannot See
I loved this book
great sad, inspiring, insightful story
But so far very interesting and good read. It is our next book club book
Excellent
a beautiful, unique story
Wonderful
Enjoyable First Exprience with mr. Doer
beautiful descriptive language
A Worthwhile Read
but it is wonderfully written. The characters are complex and realistic
A well written story, even though it moved slowly ...
Simply Wonderful
A story to remember
A beautifully written book following the two lives of pre-teen and ...
So nice to read a really well written book
Unforgettable!
fascinating story
Beautifully written
Loved it!
a revelation
Great read
Enthralling
Effects of war movingly portrayed based on amazing research detail
Wonderful read
Wonderful book
Great book! Well written
but sad.
Beautiful writing. Original way to look at WW II ...
Loved this book!
I enjoyed the back and forth chapters alternating the young French ...
A great story with some interesting historical detail..
The type of book you look forward to re-reading!
all the lights....
Beautifully written, haunting and engrossing
Five stars
Beautifully written. Great suspense and dramatic story
and in the end I am glad I read it
I loved this book
Preparatory Love
A wonderful read. Doerr writes in such a descriptive and ...
I got to love the characters and when it started to wrap up ...
Slow but excellent read!
I know I am in the small minority here but ...
great book
excellent
... was what she wanted very fast shipping and the best price I had found
Excellent
Read it now, you will enjoy this one.
Excellent read
Interesting.
Can't give it enough stars -- it's that good.
Beautifully written and beautifully plotted.
A story of sweetness in a time of terror
Highly Recommend
joy that you savor every feeling,sensation and image Iin an enlighten  historical context.
A good job at showing the war from the point of view of people on all sides...
It was amazing all that a young blind girl could do and ...
Excellent read. Characters were all filled out so you ...
Great read
A good war novel
Best writing ever
Outstanding read!
Absorbing!
Enjoyable Read!
This was an excellent book. I was intrigued and pleased with the ...
Lovely.
Historical winners and losers.
Beautiful prose almost poetic
I wish the book moved faster toward the touching and wonderful conclusion.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
WOW a very good book. I'm not really a fan of WWII ...
One of the best books I have read
Enjoyed the history
Incredible read
A Novel Worth Reading
Awesome
A Must Read
Lost in it
Wow! I just finished it... and ...
A compelling beautifully written story.
Fulfilling all your senses
Riveting page turner, different than any other book I have red about experiencing WWII. Worth the length of the book, and easy t
Excellent
Beautiful
Overall a wonderfully written book that kept me engaged throughout
Awesome story
Good story about WWII from a French perspective
Recommend.
The most beautiful book I have ever read
Enjoyed this story
The story goes back and forth between time periods and ...
Highly recommend!
Wonderful novel on many levels
All The Light We Cannot See
It's a book that all generations need to read and ...
Inspirational
this book easily trnsports one back to that horrible era and does ...
Interesting and easy read
A riveting story of how WWII determined the lives of ...
Storytelling at it's best.
WWII as seem from the point of view of children growing up
Just amazing
Beautifully written. A touching story about the life of ...
one of my top 10 favorite books of all time
Fascinating
Excellent book - I highly recommend it.
Beautifully written. This novel and the individuals portrayed will ...
rambling descriptive writing. paints a great story but chops it into as many fragments as technically possible to challenge the
I generally like the page turning quality of mysteries
wonderful
The book was excellent and I would highly recommend it
Great story content
Good but not great (for me of course)
The Most Beautiful Book I've Read In Years
Excellent character development
Great characterisation.
beautiful
The Blue Stone
Great book
Great read
unexpectedly beautiful
It took me awhile to love this book!
Beautifully written book
I highly recommend.
Wonderful Book
beautifully written
So much has been said about WW 2 but this is a good new way of looking at the tradgedy of the ...
A must read!!!
Great story
Wonderful
Insightful and beautiful story that everyone should read
A book that is worth reading
tragic and full of love for family
Wow
Amazing book!
Excellent read
A story of loss, pain, growth, and resilience
A good read"
Read it!
Amazing!!!
perspective
Steele J
Excellent Book
Wow.
Though sad, it is a story of survival well told
A must read
... novel giving a personal view of the tragedies and love born in Germany and France during WWII
beautifully written
It was a little hard to get into, but ...
sweet story
could't put it down
Delightful surprise
I thought I was not interested in another WWII book ...
This novel gives a new prospective to World War II ...
Elegant Writing and Compelling Storytelling
a sad sweet story
Loved this book!
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time
I DON'T GET THESE GLOWING REVIEWS!
Fantastic human micro approach to World War 2
lyrical, gentle, dramatic, real
Exceptional...
Magnificent
It will be your favorite book of all time.
Amazing story. Facing the challenges of an occupied France ...
Well written novel, very touching. We should never ...
A difficult read but definitely worth the effort. I've ...
Wonderfully written.
Great story.
Gives you a true feeling of living during wartime and ...
Wonderful
Sensitive and Poetic
One of the best, most thought provoking and insightful novels I have ...
FANTASTIC
Moving
Unexpected
Took a minute and then hooked me
This is the best book I have read in a long time
Well Written, Compelling Novel
All the story you cannot read
Wonderful
What a beautifully written story
Very well written.
Beautifully written book from the perspective of a young French ...
One of those books you love to recommend
Incredible writing!
A marvelous and unforgettable read......
beautifully written. I savored the last half of the ...
Excellent book. Our book club really enjoyed it
An eye-opening story of how war affects those who were ...
A WONDERFULLY DESCRIPTIVE LOOK AT THE LIFE OF A YOUNG BOY ...
All the light we cannot see
Grabs your attention from the start especially if you love WWII French Resistance
Journey through time
The beauty of the the Blind!
All the light we cannot see
A recommended read...
Perspectives I've never considered.
a short list novel
awesome Read
rarely in a life does a book grip me like this.
Don't miss this book!
Thoroughly enjoyed!! The writing is so vivid
I enjoyed the book very much
Highly Recommended
Delicately written, with vivid language and characters that move ...
Powerful, well-written piece of fiction.
Painfully boring.
My New Favorite
A story about but not about WWII
Awesome book, I'm listening to it now and I just finished reading it!
Great read
Great story
Amazing!
Luminous
blind girl
Very good novel.
Fantastic reading in many ways.
Great read
Great read!
Breathtaking
I read the first chapter and literally gasped at Anthony ...
WOULD RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY
excellent book, very thoughtful
Ending
Eexcellent!
"real history"
Don't miss this one.
A must read book
I loved this book
Quick read, great description
Incroyable!
What a great book. I was kind of bummed when I ...
Best literature of the year
with these first few lin
Beautifully written and soulful
A wonderfully woven tail that orchestrates the power of the mind
beautifully written. What a great read
Beautiful!
A historical novel
Beautifully written
The Best
Loved this wonderful book!
Wonderful read.
True test of survival
A very satisfying read. And one that will stay with you for a long, long time.
A stunning work
Worth Reading
every word a treasure!
Intriguing, heartfelt but confusing.....
Five Stars
An in depth portrait in a micro-cosmic way of WW2.
One of my favorite books ever
Excellent story
Beautiful and intriguing
Tender story that portrays the experiences of two youngsters on ...
But I'm SO GLAD I stuck with it
Great Storytelling!
Well written.
Excellent story, finely crafted, but a bit short of lyrical poetry
Compelling
Truly lovely
One of the Best Books I Have Ever Read
Unbelievable
It was good but.
Awesome book!
loved the historical perspective of both sides of people affected ...
Beautifully written, a true reading experience
A must read...
Loved this book
All the Light We Cannot See
A must read! Absolutely brilliant.
Great Book
Incredibly beautiful read
Excellent story!
Terrific Book
Not everything lives up to its hype.
Blind girl on world war two
Great!
Excellent Read
Loved this book
Great read
amazingly beautiful
beautiful read
Beautifully written, engrossing story
It was ok. I skimmed the last third just ...
Beautifully written and humanizing story of the most inhumane period ...
Riveting
The story is good, the characters are strong
Excellent. Made you feel that you were "seeing" through ...
a father's love and the innocence of children shone
but very good. It takes you there to that time period ...
Beautiful story
Well Worth Sharing
The second half of the book is better than the first half but both are very good
Excellent book--interesting perspectives of two young people on opposite sides ...
A memorable experience.  Addictive.  At the end, I wanted more.
All the Light is an important book.
For those who didn't it was a good description to be learned
Other than that it was a good novel.
Excellent read
Excellent read which gives the reader a great feel for ...
Highly literary rendition of a story that had to be told.
I'm still reading the book. The book was selected ...
A must read!
Honest and captivating
I was a little disappointed. Another WW2 book
This is a wonderful novel with characters I care about
Amazing journey
Enjoyed!
Sweet and poignant - a beautiful read that gives you ...
amazing read
Okay World War 2 novel
Good historic war fiction
Good Book
Read this and get inspired.
Worth every minute
a beautifully-written, poignant, haunting read. I feel ...
I loved the characters in this book
Great read.
Enchanting read
Nice story
Seriously one of the best books I have ever read
a thoughtful read
Beautifully written. Unique story line and characters
All the ways this book could end that we could not see
compelling read
Hard Times
I was disappointed.
Engrossing, enthralling, exciting
Poignant
excellent
memorable story.....
Lives up to the hype
great read
excellent
Intensely moving
It's a bleak and dark novel. There were times ...
This is a gripping story of how characters interact during ...
Beautiful!
I enjoyed experiencing the story from each person's perspective and couldn't ...
Have recommended it to several friends and they alll agree
One of the most beautifully written books I have ever read
Great chearacters and an interesting plot
Very interesting read
Beautifully written
I like the well developed characters but wish the stone was ...
Dave's review
So few books leave such an enduring impact
An amazing, yet true to life story.  Could not put the book down and didn't want it to finish.
Amazing read
One of the best books I have read in quite a while
A moving read
Brilliant
Written as the tide that carries you
Beautiful read
couldn't put it down
Beautifully written
beautiful
WWII Through Different Eyes
You could ee the Light
Historical fiction that describes general poplulation from both sides.
fantastic
the best I've read in years
beautifully written
amazing literary goodness
Solidly descriptive and emotionally satisfying
Breathtaking
An emotional voyage
Great read!
good read well worth the time
A beautiful and brilliant work.
A History Lesson
best book I have read in a very long time.
Much more than another holocaust story.
Most incredible book I've read in a long time. ...
Beautifully conceived and written
Great read!!
I really enjoyed reading this fable of how good deeds and humanism ...
I thoroughly enjoyed the historical as well as the human interest aspects ...
... giving a very different insight into what it was like to be a German during world war two
WW II Insight
Enlightenment
An amazing story. So real.
Poignant story of survival, love and family ties set in ww2 backdrop
A Beautiful & Touching Story of Relationships During One of The Worlds Tragic Times...
The story was written beautifully. I would and have recommended this book to ...
I could not put this book down. Truly captured ...
Sad
provocative and moving
A spotlight on a dark period
Anne Frank returns
Great novel
Captivating  ...
pure indulgence
compelling read
I enjoyed this book
It took me on a trip across the ages"
a A
amazing book.....
tragically beautiful
Well Done!
Heartwarming ...
Brings Light to History
When one reads a book of this caliber, most ...
Memorable
Not As Great As Touted
A truly beautiful read
This is one of the best books I have ever read
Surprisingly disappointing
Stunning
Enjoyable
Good story but difficult to follow because of all the ...
WWII through the eyes of a blind girl
Trip accompanier
The characters were well developed, the story was intruiging ...
The most amazing thing about this book was the incredible writing by ...
A great read!
Simply gorgeous
You become the characters
Eh, ho hum
A terrific read.
wonderful
Great read!
didn't want it to end
beautifully captured the hopes and fears of young people and ...
Found it to be an amazing story. Was very impressed how he could use ...
Wonderful
Simply Beautiful!
mesmerizing read  . . . unforgettable characters. . . . a story that moves the soul
Wow
a pleasure
All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel
Wonderful!
beautifully written
captivating
I loved the moral dilemma that this book poses
captivating
a sorrowful captivating story
mix of semi truths and long ago curses
I did enjoy this book
It was a so so story. The German war ...
Well done fictional history
An absolutely brilliant novel
Very well written. A master at combining varied characters ...
it was dragged out---if it had been shotrtened with each character it would have been better in my eyes
Read this book!
Loved It!
Good read
Passionate, powerful, startling, evocative, transformative.
This was a very good book -it really makes you stop and think and ...
Great story
Excellent
Great
Amazing, magnificent, beautiful
but I really loved this book
I love the short chapters that go back and forth between ...
Excellent Book
Good historical fiction about the German occupation of a French ...
A beautifully written book. A poignant story
could not put this book down!
One of the finest books I've read
I appreciated the wonderful character development and the vivid images of life during ...
Amazing Read
Good history good story
Exquisite, too fine to be adequately captured on film.
I like Doerr's writing style and beautiful images
I nteresting but Not the Greatest.
For all but me!
Everyone says this book is amazing and it
The heroine, a young blind French girl in a war zone with the hero,a young German soldier with a dilemma.
Brilliant
A little cliche, but I cried
Amazing story.
What a wonderful treasure this story is.
Great read!
WW II story with brilliant expressiveness- vivid details from the perspective of someone who ...
At last a novel worth buying. Bitter sweet saga of war and cruelty and life and death. Kept me turning pages when I wanted to pu
great character development
Wonderful story!
Very good
This book was thoroughly enjoyable. The character development and ...
Great book
Excellent read. Could not put it down
A MOVING BOOK
Beauty and Light even in life's most tragic moments
You become part of the story/experience
A book to remember!
Bautiful
Intertwined lives
Amazing story
A great book with rich character development and strong internal integrity.  The author doesn't leave you hanging even as to sub
The book is very German and existential in thought. ...
Best this year.
Wonderful book Language(use of imagery
Wonderful
This was a very good book; however
Great Story set during WW2
great insight to the horror or war
Wonderful story of the human spirit and how it can ...
It was one of the best written books that I have read in a long ...
beautifully written
Exquisite
a wonderfull book
great read
I'm still sorting out this story. When I am ...
Kindness in the middle of chaos
truth about war
Don't miss this one.
would recommend
Amazingly crafted and colorful
Loved it
nice story
excellent book
Terrific read!
huge
An amazing book which tells the story of the lives of ...
I loved the interaction with the uncle a the girl
This is a wonderful book It's beautifully written with memorable characters woven together ...
Beautifully written story of two families one French and one ...
Intense
I enjoyed the conclusion
Good character building
Excellent
read it
Amazing!
A beautifully writen and conceived story of the triumph of the ...
Light
A moving story of life during WWII
excellent writing but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because ...
Loved the the many both wonderful ane faithful people
Enjoyable Read
lovely writing
Light prevails
outstanding
A Well- Done Story
War without politics still kills
excellent
great novel
Magical
Amazing!!!!!!!!!
A great window into the life of a blind girl during WWll and a young boy in Nazi training.
All the light...
My favorite book of the year.
Beautiful writing
Loved this book
From a reader
One of the best WWII books I have ever read
Can't put down book!
so beautiful
I loved this.
I love the characters in this book
Amazing courage
Great book
FABULOUS READ
Doerr does it again
was so beautifully written I didn't want it to end
WOW
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not my cup of tea
Wonderful read
A Must Read
a moving exploration of the ambiguities of war- a lesson for our times
Award Winner!!
I enjoyed the unique flashback/flashforward style once I caught on to ...
Totally Absorbing
interesting read
but this story is a totally different from any others and a fresh story which I greatly enjoyed.
Most difficult were the switches in time! Back and ...
Love.
Amazing!
A very thoughtful and harrowing tale of humanity. "The ...
I loved this book
Fantastic historical fiction!
An interesting and captivating read that I highly recommend. It exposes you to world events on a ...
Great story with suspense and heart
This was a sad story about two children from different countries during war ...
An amazing book that I couldn't put down
Prose and Poetry!
Fantastic
Excellent!
All the Light,,, great!
I enjoyed this. I was worried about the Nazi perspective
beautiful
A touching presentation of the interdependence of disparate French and ...
Beautifully written. Characters are well developed and one gains ...
Once upon a time
Wonderful!
I found it a little difficult to follow. Not ...
Sad Story
mesmerizing
I couldn't stop reading
bravery in wartime
Beautiful story and absolute must read
An extraordinary novel. One that I will certainly be ...
excellent
An outstanding book, and one you will want to ...
Rich tapestry of a story!!
Wonderful book!
I got pulled in and really enjoyed it, improbable as the storyline is
Amazing
Enjoyable read
It was very interesting. The people want to help ...
I loved it.
Although I enjoyed the story
Liked the way the blind girl was taught to navigate ...
Highly recommend this book
Lovely prose, lovely invention. Still I found it ...
more than riveting!
Great read!
Loved it!
Reminder of War atrocities
Amazing book
Just Read It!
Intrigue and informative
Touching story about a French girl and a German Hitler ...
Such a devastating time to live through for these characters ...
Beautiful.
Well Written book
A wonderful book that's beautifully written with a very interesting and ...
Another WW11 suspenceful story
Enthralling
One of the best reading experiences I have had in a very very ...
Historically significant. Endearing characters - so brave when facing ...
A must-read.
Loved it, great read
This was one of the best books I've read
very good. I enjoyed it
Beautifully written book
I loved the characters and the setting
Absolutely LOVELY
Beautifully written account of a young blind French girl and ...
A page turner!
This book was boring but I persevered
I felt like could see them and hear them. it was a wonderful book so that we can understand nobody wants war.
Very good read
Beautiful Book
wonderful book
Wonderful book
hauntingly beautiful
great book
I truly felt like I was in Germany and France while reading his ...
Beautifully written
Stick with it!
Intense,  powerful sessions in endurance,and. Survival, love and hope
Brilliant
This was one of the best books I have ever read
Great portrayal of World War II from varying perspectives
This is the way to tell a story, keeping ...
A heart-wrenching story of 2 children and the effect of ...
the characters were strong and amazing..
Great book. I couldn't put it down
One of the good ones
completely enveloped me for the days I read it!
Fantastic
lyrical writing of a time of horror and ain - this was a great read!
This is an absolutely beautiful book. Wonderfully written
Loved it!
Excellent work.!
The writing itself is intelligent and the character and scene descriptions make it come ...
Beautifully written
I liked it, didn't love it
Amazing book
Amazing and magical
One wonderful book!
Theres just so much there to digest that I actually think I'll like it even more the 2nd time around
Read it!
slow start but worth the wait
This is a must read! The language is gorgeous ...
Compelling Well Written
Good overall.
A book to read in a headlong plunge
This is the best book I have read in quite a while
Excellent!
blindness and war
very slow in moving with the story...
Great read
loved loved
Bittersweet
but nonetheless I really enjoyed the story and I thought it was very well ...
All the Light We cannot See
Wish I were able to write like this
Magical!
Wonderful book!
Terrific read
A little to serious and sad for my liking
dont know what all the fuss it about....
All the Light We Cannot See.
Very good read - highly recommend
A feast. Anthony Doerr engages all our senses as ...
Good writing, esp
Triumphant! Seven stories intertwined with many perspectives.
A great story. The situation of two 12 yr
Beautiful
Better than most
Heartbreakingly Beautiful Book
fascinating read
Great novel! Compelling story!
Best book I've read in a long time
a great book
Illuminating.
Beautifully crafted and intelligent book
It was very interesting how he brought the two main ...
An excellent reading experience!
best read of the ywar
Amazing book
This was one of the best books that I have read this year
A superb read
Excellent Historical fiction
I enjoyed seeing WWII from a different perspective (French & German)
convoluted but also spellbinding
Surprisingly good. Not just another WWII story
captive
A riveting story of the bravery & resourcefulness of a ...
READ IT
Marvellous Read
wonderfully written
Beautiful novel set during World War 2
Beautifully Told Story
Enhaging
Then I enjoyed it all the way through
Great
Too many lists
Well worth the prize.
Beautifully written
A beautiful story
... agree with the person who said it was a wonderful book. I couldn't put it down but the ...
Two sides of WWII teens experiences
A must read for any historical fiction buff!
Beautifully written
Well written but dishonest. A blind girl in occupied ...
Captivating
Amazing
Wonderful story
Visually Beautiful!
Beautful words, riveting plot
beautiful story
Excellent start to finish!
Amazing Story
Good story line but at times it is hard to ...
Nice read great story
Heart achingly good
Wonderfully descriptive story.
Amazing story of determination and survival
My review of All the Light We Cannot See
For the most part enjoyed the book
Wow
A must read
All the Light We Cannot See
Beautifully written book
Could not put it down
Beautifully written: WWII novel based in France
Try to find the light!
One of the best books I've ever read
Couldn't put it down.
Really enjoyed this novel
One of the best books I've read in a long time
I so enjoyed the book
Beautifully written. Like "Angela's Ashes"
wonderfully written
One of the best books I've read all year
This is a lyrical and lovely book that engages from ...
READ THIS BOOK
Loved it. Worth the time to read.
the best book I've read in a long time
POWERFUL! Read it....
A Must Read
Great read!
I Thank My Stars For This Writer!
Great Book
Superb
All the Light We Cannot See review
Excellent account of WWII
One of those books that didn't have a lot happening ...
This is a superb novel. It is a touching ...
Mezmerizing novel
Great read
Great read! I loved how it let you know ...
One of the best of any year!
Five Stars
Absolutely beautiful, brilliant
I really liked the characters and it was nice to read about ...
Read this book!
Exquisite!
compelling story
amazing book
Too wordy to really enjoy.
best read!
lovely
What a heartbreakingly beautiful story. I couldnt put it down
Wonderfully developed characters
lovely story written in beautiful language
Sad It's Over
A good read
All the light. We cannot see
absolutely fantastic..
Excellent
War
Well done
Great read!
A full heart broadens all we strive for.
Highly recommend.
A fascinating book, blending history and science, and ...
What lovely writing---a pleasure to read. The weaving of ...
Fast Read, Great History
Great timepiece thriller
Lovely, epic story
A
Needs work
The best
Wow
Fabulous
Serious read
This was a very interesting story. I lived in ...
Read this book
Fantastic
if you like war books this ones for you but I found ...
I highly recommend it.
A sort of unexpected plot and a really revealing insight ...
Top-notch World War II love story
... sure what I missed but I really did not enjoy this book
Read this for sure!
Perfect.
Well written and moving story that allows us to view ...
A memorable story
France
Absolutely one of the most wonderful reads in a very long time
Overall I would recommend this book
family, fortune, and fate
One of the best books I've read all year
wonderful story
Survival and courage
Loved this book!
Loved this book
Excellent!
An engrossing and important read
FAbulous story#!!!
Life In a Lighthouse for a New Bride
All the action that doesn't happen
Excellent
another ww11 book
Great read
Excellent!
beautiful words put into spectacular order!
Loved it!
me falling in love with SAint Malo and continued to wow me with ...
loved it
Beautifully written book it's difficult to put it down
I enjoyed how the author used a mixed chronology order of ...
Read "All the Light" with fear and dread of what ...
... being told by the blind girl this book is like fine poetry
Couldn't Put it Down
nice
OH my goodness
great book
Beautiful. A fascinating book on so many levels with ...
Just read it.
One of the most beautifully written books I have read
Exceptional
beautiful details
beautiful & touching.
Excellent!
An excellent read
excellent book, wonderful characters
fantastic story
A different story that keep you interested and delighted for many hours
Good reading
I loved the plot
beautiful
I highly recommend this book
Well written story that takes place during WWll about survival ...
an amazing book!!!
blind leading the non-blind
A beautifully written novel that's rich in character development and brings ...
Reads like a mystery novel
I liked the book
Original story set against a terrible background yet with enough tender moments to brighten your ...
This story started out slow for me but then as ...
Beautiful, haunting
Well written book with a unique approach. I am ...
Excellent! Fine writing
Good read
Wonderful writing style that brings the lives of the two ...
NOT A BOOK TO READ FOR ENJOYMENT.
Four Stars
A Great Read!
A superlative novel
A Worthy Winner
Excellent prose; beautiful story
I highly recommend this book
Colorful
Wonderful book, beautiful descriptions
Yes, buy it and read it.
Amazing.
Very good read
Emotional read
Highly recommend this wonderfully written book.
One of the best novels I have read in a number of years
A very good read. A differect approach to WWII
wonderful
Excellent
very interesting
Beautiful characters and a plot that drives the reader to ...
Eh
Books like this one seldom come along
Exquisite
Gripping start, but slow end
excellent read
draws you in
moving and eloquent
It really doesn't matter whether you like the book or not
An amazing story with rich characters beautifully written
beautiful
I'm not a literary critical. I consider "All the ...
Loved the book
sublime
I liked the wick chaper happenings Loved the author style of ...
engrossing read
Recommended to friend she loved it also
It was a great story. No matter how much I read about ...
Beautiful prose
Marvelous
Loved it
So well written. This is the kind of book ...
I couldn't put it down . . .
All the light we cannot see
Good read
Excellent!  Nice to hear the same story from another side.
Intriguing story.
Very absorbing novel.
The descriptions are beautifully written and the story is interesting
Brilliant read. The audible version is priceless
Superb!
Riveting
Written in a unique style of very short chapters bouncing ...
Very moving story
I felt that I came to know all of the ...
My favorite book of the year
Wonderful story
Well written story of love and war
Captivating
Good Story
Enjoyed it very much
A compelling read
Wow heartbreaking and intriguing
GRIPPING AND MOVING WORK IF RMPATHY ABD IMAGINATION
I've asked myself many times how the world could be ...
good read
I am overwhelmed
I ENJOYED THE BOOK
Loved it
All the light we cannot see
what a great book!
Rich and riveting!
It seemed long and somewhat disjointed. The violence is ...
One of the best books I have ever read
So very beautifully written! A rare experience to find plot taking ...
Excellent! Doerr has a unique voice
This was one of the books that the book club ...
painful and memorable and powerful and beautiful
Excellent story with memorable characters that come to life against ...
Lovely book
Excellent
great story
Kara Kim Hyman
excellent
Great Book
Deserves all the prizes it has won!
... often not the case with many writers which is annoying as all hell
Sad and brilliant
The War in A Way You Never Would Have Thought of It
beautifully written poignant story of the holocaust I highly recommend ...
Great story, amazing characters
Brilliant, stunning
great Book
Loved it except for the ending...
World War seen from inside with believable characters. Setting ...
Gripping
Good read with interesting characters
Great Read!
Worth the read
I did not enjoy the ending of the story
Loved the book
Great book
A good read, especially for anyone interested in that time ...
Nothing short of amazing. I loved the character development and the plot ...
beauty and tension
A different Point of View
Excellent book
Awesome..
unbelievably wonderful
Highly recommended!
Wonderful story. Heartbreaking
Excellent Book
Riveting
Simply wonderul
It was a good book, very detailed
Ww2 story from a different angle
outstanding novel
incredible writing
Well written
lovely tale
beautiful read, could not put down
brilliant!
outstanding
Really really good!
Good Read
All the light we cannot see
While reading this book I often thought "I don't like this book
and WWII were intertwined beautifully.
Excellent read
Beautifully written. Tragic and poignant story allows readers an ...
Four Stars
but was beautifully orchestrated for time and place and a sensitive depiction ...
Great Book!
A very good read, very well written
Great book
This book bring to me a lots of memory I ...
gripping story, hard to put down
Best read all year.
Mesmerizing
wonderful read!
a far sighted fiction of the resilience of ccharacter.
Interesting
I love that Saint-Malo is an actual city and that the ...
beautiful
Loved the personal side of things that went on from ...
Good so far.
Anthony Doerr is an amazing writer - it has been a long time since ...
One of the best novels I've read
This is a great book. The writing is superb
Very interesting manner of switching between characters and what was ...
Beautifully written
I would say: Read this book, and learn more about what war does.
A great gift
Loved it, and I didn't think I would like ...
War through the eyes of innosence
Exquisitely written WWII story
Excellent Read
A gripping tale of survival
This was a very entertaining book. It was fast ...
Worth while read, I enjoyed it
I really like the way it switched back and forth between characters
Such a sweet story. I felt for every character in this ...
Touching, fine history.
Engaging, well told
Wonderful web of stories
the love, the insights are well worth the read
A really good book!
This book gave me a better understanding of what Europe went through in WWII
Exciting read
Want a good read. Try this.
a beautiful, haunting story
A masterpiece!
A lovely novel about light
wonderful
beautiful and heartbreaking
made me stay up late.
Excellent story
Well Done
Wonderful story.
I so enjoyed this book
All in all a good read
A rich work
Totally amazing, extraordinary personal visit to those individual who suffered ...
Unforgettable
A beautifully written story about the ordinary people's lives
Wonderfully written.
one of the best novels I have ever read
Beautifully written from beginning to end
Great for everybody including parents with disability children
Beautifully written story about two young people growing up at ...
War sucks. The book is well written
A Beautiful Read
Beautifully written
A different WW2 Story.
Very beautiful book
Easy to See Why it Stays on the Best-seller Lists
What an amazing book! I felt transported to the time and ...
love reading books about World War II
A story that shines great light
recommend
Exciting and excellent. Read it for my Book Club group and ...
I loved the structure of the story
I didn't expect to wait until the book was pretty much done for the main characters to meet up
A thoroughly enjoyable read. It was not a typical ...
One of the best, if not the best book I have read ...
A wonderful read
Great Read
Great characters
Liked the book
Inspiring
I have recommended this book to several friends
absolutely enchanting
A wonderful read.
Couldn't put it down
Rich with creative metaphor
beautiful!
A gripping novel
A NEW AUTHOR FOR ME & I'M READY FOR MORE!
a good book!
Ended up being a disappointment. Book club agreed
one of the best I've ever read!
I loved every page of this book
Survival during the war that warms your heart
Brilliant
Five Stars
All Light We Cannot See This book captures the sights ...
excellent
The best written book I have read in ages
outstanding. emotional. moving. remarkable.
One of the best books I've read
Good relational WWII perspective.
I loved the book
books that have a historical element to them are wonderful. They are easy to read because of the ...
spellbinding
I loved this book- great historical fiction
Loved it
Best of both worlds
Anthony Doer is a terrific storyteller and is certain to win all the big ...
A riveting read.
Wonderful
A beautiful, moving story.
Perhaps one of the best books I have ever read
Disappointment
Long but a beautiful story
Fantastic Book
Interesting perspective on WW II. Rarely is something written ...
Fantastic
Mesmerizing
Beautifully written, compelling interwoven stories of two very different ...
All the Light We Cannot See
Wonderful read
Don't miss this one!
Good read
Absolutely recommend it for everyone
beautiful, powerful story
Fabulous!
Great book
I enjoyed the story very much
beautifully written
Read it for a book club. I thought 'oh ...
Touching beyond words
Great read. Recommended it to my bookclun
Amazing
The author's amazing way with words brings the characters distinctly clear
Dick Malloy
compelling/mystical/compassionate
Disturbing, moving book.  Emotionally hard to read, however, very well written. Difficult to put down
Good, a little confusing hopping from one time of ...
Excellent
A beautiful story
A tremendous story of historical fiction!
It was very good, at first you need to continue for a ...
excellent beautiful read
Unique and Worthwild
Marvelous view of WWII thru the eyes of the blind ...
Stunning!
What a wonderful book - such gripping depictions of what children experience ...
Excellent book. I couldn't put it down
Always look for the glimmer!
Five Stars
Fine World War 2 background plots
Five Stars
This is a beautifully written and constructed novel that tells a great story ...
Beautiful!
Insights into the psychological damage of war and the human ...
Nice pace and interesting reading
Historical fiction at its best
great book
Many people may enjoy it just for this feature
best book I have read in years
Great book!
Five Stars
One of the best books I have ever read
Well written. Great plot.
A great novel
Magnificent!
very interesting story
Never worried about two people so much.
finish this story. the end is worth the wait
I enjoyed this book a great deal
I guess the only books that end with the boy ...
This book depicts the horrors and futility of war. ...
Incredibly beautiful
Beautiful blindness and beyond.
then I LOVED it.
War is Hell from every Perpestive
I can't say I would have purchased this book for ...
Lovey...
Excellent Historical novel!
Hauntingly beautiful
Beautifully written
Might want to read it twice
Such a lovely read
I loved this book
Wonderfully written, poignant story delicately told
I enjoyed the way it went from the girl's life in ...
amazing
It's all a matter of perspective
Thought-provoking
Many of our "seniors" book club members had a hard ...
Enchanting - addicting.
put simply, a great story
beautifully told
Great thoughtful read!
Heart warming story
awesome read
Love the writing - interesting story that keep you reading ...
wonderful!
Just wonderful
all the light...wonderful
Great!
It's surely one of the most beautifully written books I've ever read
wonderful read
All The Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr
More of Same
Beautifully written and a wonderful read.
Beautiful Book
Excellent book. Extremely well-written
Visiting St Malo & Paris to retrace the steps
Five Stars
Fabulous
Sometimes We Choose Our Blindness
Moving intricacies
Excellent!
Amazing Descriptions
I really enjoyed the character development and the shifts of perspective from ...
Great read and informative!
Beautifully and thoughtfully composed
Extraordinary.
beautifully written!
Wonderful how he gets inside the psyche and perhaps even ...
This is the story of a blind girl and how ...
Very intricate piece of human drama and sensitivity
Beautiful
interesting
Beautiful
but easy to follow
Wonderful
Interesting book.
Worth reading
a remarkable book to read while traveling in Germany....
I found the historical aspects fascinating and profoundly sad.
Intense historical fiction
A great review of World War II involving many families
An Enjoyable Read
Outstanding!
a wonderful book
A great statement to live life by!
Beautiful
Magnificent
Absolutely wonderful book! SO glad it was recommended to me ...
I love the short chapters "I'll read just one more
excellent, beautifully moving story
The "used" book is like brand new
Loved the way it went back and forth between the ...
vjmTacoma
Enjoyed this book so very much
one of my favorite books
Easy read
This was a wonderful story of two young people caught up in the ...
Such a fantastic read. It might be set in WWII but ...
The story was full of little-known (to me) stories of the Great war.
All the Light we Cannot see
Hard read
Well written and paced story. Will remember the characters ...
What a powerful story. The characters are interesting and ...
You are missing out if you haven't read this yet
Very interesting picture of life in France in WWII as ...
Great story
a good read
Worthy read
Beautifully written book
Five Stars
Great book
Could not put this book down.  Brilliant!
Lives of German and French children caught up in the 2nd world war
Good Book Club choice
One of my favorites
Five Stars
Exquisite writing.
Definitely recommend!
unexpected yet expected set in this time. You will ...
Disappointed
Just a beautiful, beautiful book
Meh
Beautiful story. I loved the way the author portrayed ...
Beautiful!
Great read
One of the most amazing books I have ever read
Excellent
Amazing!
A charmer
The book was interesting and left me with some questions ...
Five Stars
Could not put it down!
great book!
all the light we cannot see
A great read
Great start with good character detail development
Beautiful historical fiction!
Is anything possible between to loving friends?
a nice read, good character development is the best part ...
Beautifully written and love the structure of the book
Overall a Good Read
Toggling between both parties throughout the book was slightly annoying. Book took some getting into then it moved ...
A wonderfully told story they gave you perspective on both sides ...
to much detail
Enjoyed it immensely.
loved it
Will stay will me a very long time.
Beautifully written, I almost don't want to share it!
Captivating!
loved it
Read this book!
Disappointing
Just a wonderful story and beautifully told
Beautifully written, vivid language
a wonderful read. The characters and enviornment are so well ...
What a great book. Learned a lot about the war and ...
This was an amazing book, set before and through WWII
This is one of the best stories I have read
Excellent Book
Five Stars
I really enjoyed it. The history
Beautifully written and an unusual story
An amazing story! That there are no winners in wars ...
Beautifully written characters and a plot that grabs you from ...
Beautifully written, an interesting slant on the horrors of ...
Excellent writing. The story was difficult to read just ...
One of the most beautiful novels I've read in years - an incredible look ...
Read it straight through.  Otherwise you get lost
Five Stars
Not as good as I was hoping
It was as good as I'd heard
Best Book in Years
Truly wonderful!!
Author has great vision.
Slow and fast
Interesting the way this story was told
A Masterpiece
Doerr writes with great feeling about caring
Maybe that makes it more like real life
Loved it
All the Light We Cannot See
Good book
Beautiful prose
Great story.
highly recommend
Loved this book!
Truly Outstanding.
Right There in the Story.
Should become a classic
Don't miss this one!
Amazing
I really enjoyed reading it
Awesome! What an exquisite book!
Enjoyed the writing style and could hardly put it down
A must read for 2015
Stunning
Good Read
Top 10 best books I have ever read
Truly unforgettable
I loved this book.
Great read!!!
Fantastic read. Words and descriptions were incredible
Great writing.
A very readable book.
A book to savor
One of the best I've read this year
ended a little flat
Great read. Couldn't put it down.
... book was chosen by readers on Goodreads as the best historical fiction of
Four Stars
Beautiful and compelling. Offers the reader insight into a word of blindness and beauty through the senses.
Great book and great writer
Very enjoyable read. I felt I understood the war ...
Every chapter a delight in itself.
Beautiful Story
Fantastic!
Beautifully written, and an unusual story line.
Well worth the read
A great travel read
Definitely Recommend
the last 20% of the book is some of the best literature i have read
A Wonderful Book
Fantastic, moving and beautiful prose.
Yes-No-Maybe
Conjures atmosphere of wartime Europe
Couldn't put it down
Worth the time
I really felt like I knew the characters intimately
I found it somewhat boring.
The language was beautiful - almost a prose
Lovely, sad, beautiful story.
A Look Inside WWII By A Little Blind Girl
A MUST READ!
A GREAT writer. Beautiful prose and expert story-telling
Great read!
Loved that WWII was treated from a different perspective
Great up until the last hour.
good read
One of the best books that I have read in quite awhile
Great read!
Fantastic
Great Historical Novel
If you are interested in Europe during the 1930-1945 period you will enjoy this book
Wonderful story
enticing
Wonderful
Lovely
An incredible novel. Well written and so informative. ...
I loved this book
A Haunting Story
The best!!
Worth the Read
beautifully written story of two young people in WW 2
A powerful story follwoing two threads, two lives, ...
An amazing book that covers a topic that has been exhausted
Stirs up thoughts about what life was like during WWll for those in
excellent!!
fantastic!
Great for Book Club or Individual Reading
Good read
Light the Way
Loved the short chapters because I rushed to the next ...
ww2 fiction /well done
A great book.
Ok book but I don't like an author going back and forth
Engaging
wonderful
so beautifully written
Excellent!!!
Survival during WWII
Beautiful
Extraordinary.
wayne Gardner
loved the way it went from one to the other main character on differnt sides of the story
Good read
All the Light We Cannot See
This book was well-written. The author weaved two entirely ...
Wonderful and sad
Five Stars
Riveting
This is an incredibly good read. The imagery and use of language are ...
Glad I kept reading
brilliant
Great book, from start to finish
An emotional read.
GREAT read.
Wonderful
Such a beautifully written book
Pure Literature
Beautifully written
Perfect read
Good read about a blind girl who surprised everyone with ...
Three Stars
I loved the two main characters
Excellent story.
Five Stars
Compelling characters
A good read!
Five Stars
Beautiful story, elegantly written
Time well spent.
World War 2 in a different light.
Loved this book!
Read this book.
Five Stars
This book did not meet my expectations and was not ...
One of the best.  Ever.
very well written beautiful characters. thank you Mr
Best novel I've read in a long time--it really took ...
For the eyes that can see
good WW II story.
beautiful
Great read
loved loved loved it!
extremely good writing
Two young people, each suffering from disability, one ...
nicely written
wonderful read
Fantastic writing.
loved it! Couldn't wait to finish it and then ...
Excellent read. Poignant view of people caught in the ...
Good read
good for our book club discussion
exquisite
Really nice story - well written
Insightful.
The book was written so beautifully. Wonderful characters Doerr is one of our best ...
Must-Read
Intense reading.
A special book.
A page turner
Beautifully written; I thought I was over reading about ...
An unusual war story.
Literature at its finest.
Good Book
Fantastic
beautifully written of course and moves in a way that ...
Completely engaging
What a wonderfully written book
Extremely &beautifully; written in thoughtful language with 3 contrapunctual sets ...
Moved me to Tears
Five Stars
One of the VERY BEST!
Wonderfully written.
Good story line and details of the era. The ending was a little long trying to wrap up the different story lines. It read easily
Great historical fiction
The best book I have read all year!
It had a slow beginning for me, but then ...
I did not care for the skipping about on time ...
The author captivated my heart with the story of a ...
Must read
Great novel!
Loved this book!
wonderful book!
Fantastic imagery.
a compelling easy read, beautiful!
This is a beautifully written novel of coping with what life gives us
fascinating
Five Stars
very well written
Excellent writing!
Wonders of War
Unusual but enlightening book
very interesting look at wwii from the perspective of the blind girl and a boy who was in the Hitler youth
I loved this book
clarity in Dover writing
excellent
I came to a bad end
very nicely written and engaging.
excellent read😊
hard to describe, but beautiful and sad
Intense character development and amazing descriptive language
Beautifully written. Unexpected twists and turns
Loved it!
What an amazing and very powerful book
Nice story
Great read!
WWII
this was an amazing read. I could not put it down
All the Light We Cannot See
good character building
Excellent writing, real literature and beautiful descriptions
WWII the ought the eyes of 2 children
Interesting historical fiction.
A great book. I could not put it down
Two Stars
beautiful, thoughtful novel
This has to be one of the best books I have read this past year
A New Classic
Intense and sensitive
would recommend to anyone looking for a quality book to
Amazing book
Actually 4 and 1/2 stars. Wonderful characters with insight as to what it was like to be a German boy in Nazi Germany. I read th
Five Stars
Poignant and beautiful
Amazing
Five Stars
This is one of the best books I ever read!
A beautifully written book giving insight into every day characters and ...
Great Read!
You can taste the sea spray...and feel the electricity
Beautiful and sad.
Beauty amid ugliness
Wow
loved the story but also enjoyed the historical background on ...
good but not great...i expected more..
Enjoyable
very disappointed
All the Light we cannot see
Tee Tee
Good read even if you don't read war stories.
Its surprising how you can read the book about WW ...
Excellent!
Fantastic read
All the lights
loved this book
Great story.
It was a great story that held my interest
One of the best books I've read
OK but not the best
Excellent read
Intriguing, insightful, inspiring
Loved it!
beautiful and moving
Wonderful
An intense, beautifully written, engrossing...
A bit awkward as it moves back and forth in ...
Beautifully written story about the intersecting lives of a French ...
Beautifully written prose.
Wow!
Fantastic book
Excellent book. Loved it
Read this book
I've been recommending
I would whole heartedly recommend loosing yourself in this book
worthy read
More than I expected.
A beautiful poignant telling of a slice of life during WW2 ...
This is one of the best books that I've ever read about WWII
Loved this book
Loved this book
Really gave you insight into how horrific WWII was for ...
stunning
beautiful story
Great story and view of the pressures on individuals during ...
Possible the best book ever!
Too much flowery haute language.  Lose story in big words.
I couldn't put this book down but as I came ...
Good Read
An amazing read. Words cannot describe how beautifully written this ...
Inner story of two young lives
Doerr has woven a spider's web of imagery that is inescapable!
Fantastic. I didn't want to end
Someone recommended this book
Envoking emotion
Very well written
Incredible
Well written, well paced - captures the Life of ...
An amazing story that kept me up all knight reading I'd ...
Exquisite
It was a great book
A wonderful historical fiction read in the same vein of Eric ...
what's the hype?
NOT TO BE MISSED!
This author has a unique voice, describing the world ...
a new favorite..
Beautifully written book.
One of the most amazing books I have ever read
Exciting and a great story line.  Loved it.
A wonderful story
Haunting
Must read
I felt empathy for all the characters and felt a ...
Good
Very well written - almost poetic. An unusual story ...
Adds to the history of world war 2.. ...
Four Stars
A wonderful well written book
Poetic, fearsome, sublime
Beautiful prose
Well written - good read. Enjoyed the book very much yet it ...
A Beautiful Book
Exquisite language.
amazing read
very interesting well written book
Five Stars
Great Story
A beautiful story
A wonderful book, goes straight into my all-time favorites list.
great story
Michael
beautiful prose
such a delight
amazing beautifully written
entrancing
The story was woven together brilliantly and it made you think
Loved this look at WWII
Lovely writing, but too long & boring
Well written
Excellent
Beautifully imagined
Five Stars
fascinating characters showing a different side to WW2 but just as sad and compelling
Loved this book
Good read. It goes from character to character in ...
Four Stars
excellent and had great historic story line
Beautiful
Five Stars
Breathtaking
i liked because it gave me insight into what you would ...
Can't Agree with the Masses Who Loved this Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great work of literary fiction
Beautifully written!
Great read. Pleasure to the senses although one may ...
Brilliant
Best fiction I've read in years
Excellent story, well written
It was good story. The writing is lyrical
Loved the book
I'd heard a lot of good things about this book
Great read!
book in a very long time! I have encouraged ...
Have not finished.. but intentions to do so ...
A can't put it down book. The short chapters ...
Great book
Beautiful story, eloquently written
Absolutely loved this book
Good plot narration and believable characters
Worth reading
Amazing!
A gripping plot - couldn't put it down. Confusing ...
Well written and fascinating tale of WWII told from the ...
A good book, not sure it's worthy of a Pulitzer
Beautifully written, excellent story. Must read.
magical, riveting
Worthwhile reading.
I have read many books about the various aspects of ...
Good story, good pace with many interesting characters that ...
Wonderful unique story
Enjoyed this book immensely
grabs you and won't let go !
Beautiful
great book
The characters - both French and German - were beautifully created and memorable
On my favorite books list
Loved this book
An amazing book about World War 11 that takes you into ...
Who's got the diamond?
my best ever!
excellent historical narrative
An interesting view of World War II from the perspective ...
Poor ending
Original, inspired approach to the novel form. Minor ...
Spellbinding
Fantastic
A new favorite
beauty in a spiral formation
must read
A beautiful, heart-wrenching story
Good book! I thought it had an interesting storyline
Great interwoven stories
One of the best, if not the best novel of 2014
This story is very gripping and poignant. The beauty ...
I loved it.
I did not like this book
Read this book!
Compelling
Five Stars
Beautifully written story about two children during World War II
Beautifully Written!
Five Stars
Excellent book!
Must read for anyone!
wonderful read
Everyone should read this great book.
An insight to life as a blind person set in WWII France.
A great and thoughtful puzzle!
Don't miss this book
Great Book
I enjoyed it.
The path of war is a sad commentary on the civilized world.
Lovely and heartbreaking
It is like a new book
Wonderful story, great characters
Great read
Very well written.  Wonderful descriptions  and keeps you entranced throughout.  Great development of character an seems true to
Captivating story
Some of the writing is truly beautiful. Many interesting characters
Great read!
Five Stars
Good for Book club
Read this book!
Brilliant weave
ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE: Illuminating, Unforgettable
One of my favorite books of all time
All the Light we cannot see
Best book I've read in years
excellent book
Great book!
Hoping for a happier ending. Good historical literature
A world apart yet alike.
Worthy of recognition
A must read
Very well written
Well written.
Beautifully  written!
It Steals Your Heart -- World War II story - Beautifully Written
a great book!
Reminded me somewhat of "Book Thief". A personal look ...
Love the way it is written and the intertwining of ...
Simply a beautifully told story..........
magnifique
En LIGHTENING
Heartbreakingly beautiful.
astonishing book
This is an excellent book. Very well written
This book was well written- great story, and he really developed his charactures
Good read
Enjoyed all the twists and turns
page turner
Recommended.  Well deserving of its recognitions.
all the light we cannot see
captivating
I couldn't put it down!
I bought this for my granddaughter and she was excited ...
I liked that I had visited many of the sites in ...
love this book
one of the best books I've read this year
This was a wonderful story. It had warmth
interesting book
World War II Story in France & Germany
Good story, strong characterization and excellent description
One of the best historical novels I have read in years
Great writing
Four Stars
I liked it very much
inciteful, riveting, heartfelt!
The importance of light
Most Excellent
One of the best books I have read in a LONG LONG time
Worth The Read
War and sea
Great book! I've referred it to my mom and ...
Want to keep on reading and reading it..
Great!
Four Stars
A very moving account of what do many experienced in war times. Very well written.
Great read
wonderful, thoughtful writer who develops characters we would like ...
Captivating Story
Well written
Wow!
Amazing book! Quality read!
A great read
Wonderful read
Most of the violence is implied. It is WWII ...
Bravo!
Intriguing. Kept my interest. Was dissapointed that there ...
Five Stars
Meaningful
Great story and writing
engaging - touching story
Five Stars
Interesting but a disappointing ending.
Unique WWll Perspective
Excellent
but a beautiful, engaging story
BEST IN AGES
DESPITE GOING BACK AND FORTH FROM PEOPLE TO YEARS THE ...
Great read!
Five Stars
Great story but unnecessarily long.
Beautifully Written
Great period book
An experience to remember
The character development was excellent and the plot line above average
Pure delight
Excellent read
amazingly written!!
incredible beautifully written
Worth your time!
A charming tale
When I finished the book I felt like I would be missing a very good friend
Great story, a little confusing trying to keep all ...
Five Stars
Easily one of the best books
great read
great book!
Must read by Anthony Doerr
share
One of the best books I've ever read
wonderful!
Terrific book!
love and caring written in the context of horror
A Great Read
heartfelt warming novel
One of the best novels I have read in a long time
Three Stars
While this took me a little bit to get into ...
see the light
Beautiful story!
Beautifully Written
Interesting story of two young lives growing up in Germany ...
takes great effort to build a novel that weaves it self ...
Good moving story
Loved it
wonderful read
Great book!
Good but not great.
Had such good reviews. It was a great storyline / the ...
This books pulls you in and shows all the facets ...
Great book
Excellent book that deserves all the praise it has received.
A  great book!
Very good read! Characters are interesting and well developed
Disappointing
Read for bookclub
Five Stars
Okay
Beautiful and touching
Good historical fiction...
It was a good read.
ho hum
All the Lights We Cannot See review
Well written story about a young French girl under Nazi ...
Why do we forget to remember?
great!
Interesting perspectives on WWII
It was a great book filled with interesting twists and turns
All the Light We Cannot See
Five Stars
Incredible
I found it depressing but a really intriguing and interesting ...
Great book club discussion and fantastic read!!!!
Interesting story told with brilliant descriptions.
Beautifully Written
Very enjoyable
There's got to be more. . .
A story as beautifully spiraling as a sea snail!
Interesting read
One of the best books that I have read
Five Stars
great book
Never less than astonishing
Super!
Captivating
wow! What an adventure
Must read
A little too much sex- yeah they're doing it again ...
ALWCS
Five Stars
Liked it; recommended it to friends
almost perfect
beautiful
I would have enjoyed the novel even more if it had been edited ...
Spectacular book
Beautiful
great read
Very good account of the war and interesting storyline bringing together ...
I loved this story--it is rich in history
A wonderful reading experience!
beautiful
What we cannot see... but believe
best book I've read in a long time. maybe best book ever!
Four Stars
History lesson
Great book!!!
Beautiful
Great story. Well written
It was a beautifully written book about everyday people trying to survive during ...
My book club loved it.
A beautiful read
Great book
Fascinating read!
I very much enjoyed reading it
Astounding use of language that weaves lives together in such ...
Beautifully written and impactful
Five Stars
Beautifully written, poetic and descriptive..  Read it slow.
It flows like a river
I love this book.
Very unique characters and a good read about the impact of WWII without having to ...
I loved how it followed the Parisian girl and the german ...
Beautiful
Five Stars
Interesting but anticlimactic
I was disappointed there was no closure at the end
Beautifully written
Mesmerizing.
Good book
Would love to see this made into a TV ministries series
Should be read by all generations who might want to know WW II era history and what it was like.
GOOD REVIEW OF CERTAIN ASPECTS OF WWII FROM THE PERSPECTIVE ...
Five Stars
Good read
compelling read
beautiful
unique perspective of WWII
Wow!
it was very good.  I sure taught me a lot about the blind.  People can be very resourceful.
Amazing read
I really enjoyed this book
A unique book
Enjoyable read. did have a little trouble keeping track ...
beautifully written, mesmerizing
I can't recommend it enough
A light at the end of the tunnel
The best!
Deep. Deep inside each character. Deep emotions. Deep dark moving story.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!
Gripping
Particularly liked that it was about WWII and focused on the ...
captivating!
Beautiful historical fiction!
Loved the story
Justified?
Loved this book
A must read
beautiful
Beautifully written. The events of WWII are rarely written ...
Fantastic story told perfectly
with an unusual and interesting subject is also exceptionally well written with fine control of language
This was a great book. We read it in our book group ...
sad but beautiful
I loved thus book
Fabulous book!
Excellent book about Nazi's in France
Five Stars
I really enjoyed this book
Really enjoyed the book
Well worth your time
More Light
This is a beautifully written novel
Very much enjoyed this book
excellent read!
Well written and very interesting book. I would give ...
Short chapters are easy to read and follow the story line
All the Light We Cannot See
Thoroughly enjoyed this book
Sad ending not what I expected
Amazing imagery and great plot.
Best book of the year
A look at the human cost of war
Slow start
Captivating
Good Read
Slow beginning
Five Stars
Would not recommend.
Mesmerizing
... of war - the ending was a bit off like the author had run out of things to
Beautiful
A book that all ages & genders can enjoy, I can recommend it without reservation
Five Stars
All the Light...
Can't put it down !  Real GEM.
A thought provoking and deeply emotive book of a very ...
The story was great!
Excellent‼️‼️‼️‼️
Good story, strong except for the ending
great book
liked it but do not love
wonderfully written
excellent book!
Very well written
Beautifully written
Good story telling
good book
Five Stars
Best book of the summer!
An interesting read
Read this book!
Five Stars
Best read in a long time.
Profound
Five Stars
very thought provoking
Five Stars
Four Stars
Beautifully written, so descriptive and also liked the way ...
Five Stars
A very engaging story. I am eager to read ...
The best book I've read in months
Five Stars
On my list of the very best books ever read
Great read
Great Story
Five Stars
Wonderful story, well written
I was sad when it ended
Amazing adventure
She liked it, but was uncomfortable with the war horrors
A beautiful and moving story
I absolutely loved this book
Great reD!
Four Stars
Very nicely written book giving a picture of a slice of ...
Brilliant
Well Written WWII Novel
Beautiful prose.  But a long meandering story that never culminates into anything.  You won't regret reading it,but there's no
I greatly enjoyed this book
Enchanting story set in superb places; even though full ...
Amazing!
Book was great, slow at first but picked up nicely
Remarkable.
Worth reading
A beautiful story, told with finesse
Writing of the highest caliber
Wonderful book...Sad part of History
This was a beautifully written tale of 2 children from very different points ...
Good but overrated
The characters were depicted in great depth and with great sympathy
I was a good read
How blind we can be even when we have sight.
beautiful landscapes, a little hard to follow with the ...
Such a good book. The writing had me hooked and when ...
Five Stars
Worth the read!
Great book!
Read it! You'll love it!
Excellent historical novel!
Great Read
great read
Beautifully written
Beautiful story about WWII
Loved it. It has been a while since I ...
Thoroughly transformative!
Five Stars
EHHH!
poetic
A very good read.
Although the end was not what I wanted or envisioned ...
I really loved this book
Poetic
Wonderful read....
excellent book
Excellent
Three Stars
A New Twist on WWII
Well worth the read.
Beautifully written. One of the best books I've read ...
Good story. Loved the little heroine
Do not miss this literary masterpiece.
Beautiful written.
it's that good. Interest grabbing
Yes
Engaging book
truly amazing
I'm clearly in the minority, but I just couldn't ...
and while I enjoyed it it was rather depressing to read
I liked it because I have been to St
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
amazing
great read.
wonderful storyteller
Excellent Read!
the best!
Wonderfully written story and from a different perspective than others ...
Engaging read
Five Stars
Good book
Exciting, joyful, sad It had it all.
Good book. Made a nazi human
Great Format
wonderful
All the Light we cannot see
Five Stars
quite good but I kept imagining the end would be tragic--and ...
I was expecting better. Some of it was captivating and sometimes it ...
Great read
A Must Read
Beautifully written -- so evocative and poetic and full of ...
Great read!
absolutely incredible
Wonderful read
Found this to be an emotional read. Highlights the ...
A must read
Unforgettable book
Good book! I
Great read, and wonderful depiction of individuals that mad ...
Great book
Five Stars
Moving story of war, loss and resilience, characters ...
Breathtaking
Excellent writing!
Four Stars
Worth All the Adulation It Has Received
Five Stars
Good Book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A lovely read
A wonderful read!
Four Stars
compelling
I liked the book very much although it sometimes became rather ...
great
My favorite book of the year
Amazing, great story, very well written
A good WW II read.
Love the time period of the novel
Enjoyable beautiful compsed story
Great read. Fascinating story
Confusing timelines
Sad
Put this one on your list..........
Marvelous
Breathtaking
a must read
beautifully composed
Five Stars
Wow
Beautiful book
Four Stars
One of the most wonderful books I've ever read
It was very good read. I visited San Malo and it made ...
One of the best!
Five Stars
Excellent read
A great WWII book written from both sides
A must read
... people that I knew it had to be something great.
Excellent book. Highly recommend it
I enjoyed and would recommend
Good story
Good read
Worthwhile read
A Must Summer Read
A Compelling book
Enjoyed the story and the characters
Three Stars
Boring
excellent!
Well written
what a beautiful book - full of surprizes and intrigue and a ...
A wonderfully told story with a clean and poetic style and ...
A must read
Great
It is Good to read this book so people can see what ...
A different take on World War II.
All the light we cannot see
Five Stars
I really enjoyed this book
loved this book
One can tell why this has been on best seller list for many weeks
Written so very different than anything I've read before. ...
I really enjoyed this book
nice to begin but fizzles
I loved the intertwining story lines set against the background of ...
Highly recommend it!
beautiful descriptions. You can hear
You'll love this book!
Wonderful detailed historical fiction.
I thought the story was a little slow. I ...
wonderful
Beautiful!
I really enjoyed this book
This is absolutely a wonderful book. This author has an incredible imagination to ...
Five Stars
Enjoyed this book - thought it was written in a ...
Exquisite
Magical
Liked this book very much
This was a very good read. It held my attention and helped me ...
must read
... only on page 45 and this book is so beautifully written that I feel like crying
Four Stars
Five Stars
Amazing book!
Five Stars
Excellent book!
Marvelous
Five Stars
good book
awesome book, sorry it ended.
One of the best I've read recently
Beautifully written. Somewhat disconcerting trying to follow the "time ...
An amazing story of the horrors of war as seen through ...
Five Stars
I will add this book to my "All time favorite" list.
Five Stars
I loved it. Beautifully written
Five Stars
Great book!
Loved this book
loved it
the Best
Well-written
Great book for a long trip
I had to read it to the end and would recommend it.
I loved it. Fine writing and a very compelling story
This book is well written and it gives a clear ...
Four Stars
Great Read
I felt it was well written. Got to know ...
I like the way he writes
Best book I have read in last couple of weeks
A must read for anyone who enjoys novels in a WWII setting.
Five Stars
great book
Good Story
Human spirit in the midst of war.
I enjoyed it but it took me awhile to finish
Best book ever
Very thought provoking. Described a time in history through so many characters, each with a unique perspective about the time in
I have read all of Anthony Doerr's books - like them all very much
I would have given it 5 stars but the ending ...
Great book!
Well written
This book was a delight to read
loved it but
Five Stars
Very well written and engaging
This is a truly wonderful novel. The use of language is sublime and ...
An outstanding novel! The author's choice to tell the ...
Found it tedious rather than enjoyable
All the light we cannot see.
<3
Best read from last year!
Excellent!
Gripping
Amazing story. Read it in a week -- could ...
Great Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great writing; Even better reading.
Five Stars
Wonderful book.
Nice story!!!
Five Stars
Highly recommended
sorry to see it end.....
Great story beautifully written
A must read
GOOD
Loved it.
Great read
All the light we cannot see
Four Stars
A Touching Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Extremely well written. It tells an interesting history from ...
What a wonderful book.
He does a great deal of research and his books are totally captivating
Inspiring
using an interesting concept of viewing a terrible time in history from two teenagers
outstanding detail
Four Stars
A really good read. Enjoyed it from beginning to end
... in my book club agreed that this was a beautifully written book with a very interesting story
Five Stars
Mind Opening Novel
beautifully written
Four Stars
A beautifully written novel that allowed me to visit a difficult ...
a beautiful journey
great book.
realistic yet poetically written and a good history lesson as well
Five Stars
Unbelievable!
Such a truly wonderful book. Beautifully written and amazing insights into such ...
Five Stars
Loved the book and the characters
Five Stars
Good story...hard to put down!
A good story just a little drawn out
Loved the characters and the writing was good
I really like the idea of two very separate main characters and ...
A beautiful story, excellently told
GReat read!
I would recommend this book
Distinct from the rest. . .
Great read
I really liked this book.
complicated but very worth it!
beautiful pain
Magnificent
It was and ok book I thought, I found ...
I loved the beauty and hated the violence
fabulous read
It was a good book but I think it was a little too ...
wonderful story
A great story of the courage people can muster in a ...
Three Stars
great read
beautiful and sad and happy
Five Stars
outstanding!
Wonderful book
Wonderful
Nearly perfect...
Well written easy read but keeps your interest A very sweet story ...
I highly recommend it.
... book has been so long on top of the best seller list
page turner
This book was hard to put down. The two ...
great book, loved the characters and how the end wrapped up each of their lives.
PS - what happened to the diamond?
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read.
One of the best novels I've read in years
Took a while to get into book.....a blind girl with her father, then the horrors of Hitler's world started........sucks you in!
Love it.
Emotional
Visually captivating!!!
Five Stars
Fascinating
Absolutely loved this book
Four Stars
The story itself was quite good.
A very moving and memorable read.
Five Stars
This novel is pure poetry from the beginning to the ...
BookNotesLaurie
Four Stars
All the light we cannot see.
booklover
Don't miss out on this lovely novel.
Five Stars
Excellent
A really excellent book. I know why the author has been ...
A great read, a bit tedious in some parts about ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good
Pure literature
Beautiful & Memorable- not to be missed!
Slow
Have read a lot of WWII stories lately so am ...
WWII novel
Tis book is beautifully written, the way the author uses words is ...
I laughed, cried, and enjoyed this book
Made you feel like you were a part of the lives of the ...
great book
Good read I think Doerr could of shorten the story
Lots of publicity on this one, but quality is not there....
Beautifully descriptive
A book not to be missed
War
great story
I would highly recommend it for anyone who has or loves children
Exceptional Writing and the Narrative Pulls at your Heart
Fabulous!
There are a lot of books with similar concepts but ...
it was OK
so good
Aaaaaaahhhhhh
Five Stars
A Heart-Wrenching Story
Five Stars
A little slow at the beginning but fell in love with the characters and spent many nights up late ...
Five Stars
Wonderful
... with several themes which were skillfully tied together - enjoyed this "page turner
Four Stars
All the Light We Cannot See is great book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book! Shows the innocence of youth during the ...
I liked this book very much
Five Stars
Four Stars
A different perspective of WW11
Review
Wondrous book of many things but mostly WWII from children's eyes, both terrifying, loving and it leaves one blindingly mad at t
Interesting and well written.
Beutifully told story
A must read
you have written a great book. This is a great book
Three Stars
A Different Way of Seeing the Light!
I really enjoyed reading this book
A beautiful story! Yes
I loved it and it is now making it a around ...
Very Good Book!
Four Stars
Good read
A Must Read
Another ww2 as a back drop for this very interesting ...
A must read
Nice read
Beautifully intertwined human stories
I ended up caring truly and deeply for both of ...
Wonderful
Five Stars
A story to savor
Best book I have read this year.
An incredibly beautiful and at the same time horrific novel
Five Stars
Fair
Anthony Doerr is a craftsman and able to write about ...
very well written - though fictional, it exposes the ...
All The Light We Cannot See
Wonderful book. A must read for everyone
Unusually good WWII Story
You're going to love this book!
surprise
exceptional story, well written
Gorgeous
I loved this book
A good read, but the chronology was disruptive and still ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The death of one of the protagonists was just WRONG ...
Beautiful story, a wordmaster.
Five Stars
Great read. Blindness does not have to be in ...
A great read.
Great historical novel
I did like the book
Five Stars
enjoyed this
Wow
Five Stars
Interesting and well written.
Excellent story about the human trials on both sides of ...
One of the best books I have read in a LOOOONG time!  LOVE LOVE LOVE
Five Stars
Beautiful
characters well developed & great plot! We read it in our book club ...
Beautiful story
Insiders' views of World War II from unusual perspectives.
Five Stars
Story moved much too slow over its 500-plus pages
War through the eyes of children
Very lovely deceptions I felt like I was there watching the events take place
Excellent read!
It is a good story but long and it is hard to follow ...
Review
So, so good
Five Stars
An affirmation of the strength of the human spirit and love in its many forms
Excellent writing.
Four Stars
A must read!
ok book
Not overwhelmed
Five Stars
great read
Fabulous book -- fascinating characters, superb plot, exquisite attention to details.  Thoughtprovoking.  Good insights into WWI
must read
Five Stars
A unique war story. Brings insight into the little ...
Men friends also liked this book
Very nice book!
Brave blind girl
a page turner
Sparkling!
What a great read and so much to learn about WWII
A different perspective on WWII.
I loved it! I read it was a book for ...
Five Stars
Very intriguing book which didn't turn out like I had hoped but was tied together very nicely ...
ya know
good read
Well written.
Excellent book.
I really enjoyed this book
Read it!
Beautifully written but not very climactic
I loved the book
Five Stars
I haven't finished it, but what a beatiful book ...
... about the ingenuity of the human soul to prepare loved ones for their survival
Five Stars
Five Stars
wonderful book
Four Stars
Fantastic
Beauty and Brains!
Five Stars
great book
Light
Five Stars
Great Read
Wonderful story
Great
Entertaining story
Five Stars
I didn't like the way it kept jumping back and forth from ...
Spectacular and whatnot
Beautiful. Great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the most well-written novels I have read in recent years!
More like this!
Good writer but bit boring
SUCH A GREAT BOOK
great
Four Stars
Beautiful tale
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
A must read for high school students to teach good writing skills
Great cast of characters..beautifully developed
This is an intriguing book with a lot of issues ...
Four Stars
Masterpiece
Excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Everything I hoped
Stunning in every way
I has been recommended for my book club
good read but slow at times
A wonderful story!
The lives of a blind French girl and a German boy before and during World War 'll.
All The Light We Cannot See
Five Stars
I loved it! The characters and actions were enough to ...
Five Stars
Smartly written. Historical accuracy a plus. Takes you ...
imaginative
Four Stars
Was a emotional time in my life. I needed ...
Good read
good history book
Memorable, beautifully written.
The descriptions of different sites were beautifully drawn.
Full of Graceland beauty.
Wonderful story, amazing characters and character development
hard to put down
Loved it!
Difficult to follow
Beautifully written
A little disappointed
Prose, Characters, Plot All Fantastic!
I read it very fast just to get to the ...
Wonderful book to read
Five Stars
Excellent presentation. Though a bit hurried closing
Best book I have read in years
A fantastically written easy to read novel.
Wonderful. A thoroughly satisfying journey of a
A new telling of WWII
Great book!
Which character, which time line?
Pulitzer Prize winning story.
Incredible and wonderful book. Read it in 2 sittings and wanted ...
It's beautiful writing. There were some scenes that needed to ...
Four Stars
I loved the book
Beautiful writing.
Four Stars
Well done
An amazing book
Five Stars
unconventional WWII novel
A terrific read!
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
very good
Five Stars
Tough subject, wonderful novel.
It's a good read. There are children as the main people ...
Five Stars
Two Stars
Awesome book. Hard to put down
Five Stars
great read.
... is refreshing to read a book that is both beautifully written and has an incredible story to tell
Five Stars
... who have read it and they say it is great! I haven't read it yet personally
The entwined life of two people
Five Stars
Loved it
Beautiful and evocative descriptions
Another WWII story...
A beautifully narrated story about some very tragic lives.
Beautiful!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good book
been
So good!
Another war story.
So visual... especially from the world of ...
Excellent read
I enjoyed every minute of my time invested in this book
Five Stars
Best book
Its a bit too long but I loved
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book with short chapters that make it easy to ...
Very well written. I have not finished it and ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
hard to get into
Some Light in Dark Times
Four Stars
An excellent read by an accomplished author
An amazing story beautifully told!
All the light we cannot see
amazing
very enjoyable
Really enjoyed this one.
Four Stars
The tragedy of war somehow produced a resolve to overcome the odds and live life to the fullest!
Four Stars
A gem of a book !
Good
Five Stars
Wonderful
Loved the fact that this book came from the point ...
Five Stars
wonderful!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book
Four Stars
Heartfelt and moving
Finally done
Such a fantastic book with an illumined perspective on World War 2
Good read
A blind girl helps end world war ll
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great story, imaginatively told
Stunning Vision
Five Stars
Five Stars
more incite into how horrible Hitler was
Marvelous READ
Suspenseful, well written, one of those books that is hard to put down once you start it. Highly recommended.
a  story of perserverence and survival
I was surprised how much I liked this book
don't miss this!
great!
Worthy read
Wonderful read.
... the Pulitzer and has been on the NY times best seller list for so many weeks
Must read!
Beautifully written
Good book.
More like this, please!!!
a story of paths meeting
A Novel To Savor
All the Light We Cannot See
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well-written but plot eventually becomes too predictable.
ok
Another insight into WWII a book that remains in my ...
A unique and wonderfully articulated work of WW II historical fiction.
Worth buying
AMAZING BOOK! SKILLFULLY WRITTEN
Five Stars
War interconnects everyone
Very good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
nice read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
I find that novels often start out great and then fizzle
Facts you may not have known.
Wonderfully written!
Great Read!
Five Stars
Great book
Unstoppable beautiful compelling
read it for book club and the discussion was great. so many levels
Exceeded my expectations
A must read!
Well written
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
read this book for a book club I joined. ...
Best Ever
Engaging. Gives a view of the Nazi occupation of ...
A  winner!
Five Stars
Wonderful book - highly recommended.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great Read
I will always remember this novel. It was a ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Enjoyable but too wordy. What happened at the end ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Worth reading
Will stay with you
enjoyable,but......
Excellent!
Five Stars
Beautifully written.
i am blind but i can see !!
great Reading
A winner!
Truly one of the best books I have read in a long time
Five Stars
Four Stars
A Fine Book. Treat Yourself to A Good Book.
All the Light
Imagery like only few books. Every page a treasure
Five Stars
in the midst of a horrible war.
I couldn't put it down.
Five Stars
Beautifully written novel
Disappointed
Shoot yourself in the foot instead its less painful
Failed to grip me.
but otherwise a very good story. I would read another of his novels
Four Stars
A perfect read.
but easy amazing book
Amazing Book!
It's alright
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
literature is still alive
Fascinating look at WWI and how it personally affected individuals living at that time.
but i really liked it - extremely well-written
Great read
With good descriptions of the era
Five Stars
Fantastic read!
One of the best books about World War I that I have ever ...
Worth the read
A hard book to put down
An amazing read. The courage of the people during this ...
Three Stars
Wonderful novel
Great book to read
Terrific  read- very engrossing
Five Stars
Borders on poetry in description, even given the subject matter....inspirational!!
Be sure to read this
Beautifully written. Kept my interest - I had to ...
very well-written book about war and the effect on the population
Five Stars
... details --- got bogged down in places but I'm glad I read it (for my book club)
Some reviews say the first half was great, the second not so much
Love this book
I haven't found anyone yet who hasn't loved it.
Five Stars
Beautiful piece of literature
... writing style and a very compelling story - I loved it.
Just ok
Great book
tracia
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Wonderful characters and story
excellent book! strongly recommend it
Utterly beautiful!
Four Stars
Depressing.  Uneven.  Engaging.
A very good book.
Four Stars
... yet another ww2 novel it was delightful different perspective beautifully
Must Read!
Five Stars
It was a very good read. hard to put down and the author ...
The writing is beautiful, and the story is gripping
Five Stars
Not bad, but not good
I can't put it down. I'm halfway through. This book is unbelievably beautifully written, riveting, horrifying, amazing.
Five Stars
Beautifully written, believable and heart-rending
I would highly recommend it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A nice books to read
but I absolutely love it so far
Amazing and poetic
Five Stars
Well written novel.
Wonderful, a lovely story.
Five Stars
One of the best books ever written.
Four Stars
Five Stars
All the Light We Cannot See
An amazing and beautiful story.
Amazing story.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good Read
Beautifully written.
Five Stars
Sensitive story... you will feel for the ...
Okay
Read it now!
Five Stars
but beautiful narrative of an intricate weaving of multiple stories
Four Stars
One you hated to end...
Five Stars
Cdertainly made for a good read.
Five Stars
I can't remember ever giving a book a five star rating!
One Rare Enchanting Story
Wonderful story!
Three Stars
Excellent !
Pleasantly surprised.
Four Stars
Draws you in and keeps you there for every breath.
Five Stars
Good depiction of war and what it does to the ...
A wonderful tale, wonderfully told
Three Stars
Four Stars
I love it when the book ties up all the loose ...
Beautiful prose. Such an interesting approach to each character's ...
Five Stars
Interesting story, interesting historical fiction
Literally best book I have ever read
Heartwrenching story
Beautiful novel
Enjoyed reading the book
Amazing story. Excellent character development
Another great Pulitzer!
Good slow read
Five Stars
Two Stars
Exceptionally Well Written
Worth its Pulitzer Prize!
don't miss this
What a beautiful book
Such a great story and not what you expected of World War ...
but at the end I was well satisfied.
sad
Amazing, well written book
All the light we cannot see
Wonderfully descriptive of two children growing up during WWII
A must read
A Polarizing Book Club Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Worth the Read
Four Stars
Good story. Became slow in the middle
One Star
A must-read novel of WWII for the Boomer Generation
Listening to life.
Five Stars
Felt like I was getting a WWII history lesson in addition ...
Must read for any serious reader.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Truly a Pulitzer Prize winner
Three Stars
Great book.
Engaging read
Thought provoking and a compelling read about love, friendship
Four Stars
Four Stars
I would highly recommend it. It took me about 100 pages to ...
Can't put it down!
in the worst circumstances. Good read
Really liked it. I didn't think I would at first
This book has a little bit of a slow start ...
Hope in the midst of darkness
Entertaining book
Loved it
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
The book was very good but confusing at times when they would go from ...
ttt
Loved this book
Four Stars
sad, funny
Five Stars
Enjoyed it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful "Light"
very good story. I'm not into literary cliches but
an amazing book
I highly recommend reading this novel
Five Stars
lovely
Read this!
Sorry when it ended--I liked the main characters and didn't want to say goodbye
nut i loved this story it is beautifully written
Excellent story, and well written for the most part
I love this genre and it gave me a look at ...
The Best
Five Stars
Excellent and very original...
Just OK
History made alive
An engaging read. I did research to find out ...
Unique Perspective!
I really liked it, except for the ending
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read.
Beautifully written with a compelling plot
Four Stars
Very exciting
A beautiful story, more poetic than prosaic
Unique style and a great story
Excellent!! Compelling story of two young strangers whose ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Magical, poetic writing. Fabulous story. Definitely a ...
Will stay with me always...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Great writing and a wonderful story
Five Stars
Five Stars
ll well written & nice short chapters
A great read that in the midst of war gives a ...
Three Stars
This was such a great book, I couldn't put it down
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best books I've read in a long time
it is one of the best books I've read this year
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Unusual novel
Three Stars
Four Stars
Powerful
Four Stars
Five Stars
Forceful and Delicate WWII Tale - New Perspective
Great Book!
Four Stars
My favorite read so far for 2015
Everything about it was perfect!
Well-Tuned
Well-crafted Historical Drama
some sad, some happy but a great
A very stirring story
Four Stars
Not a bad book to read from the perspective of a blind ...
Excellent read.
well written
Great Book
Great read!
Five Stars
but a wonderful use of language and imagery
Tragic story.
Wonderful book. Couldn't put it down
HARD TO PUT DOWN
All the light
An unusual Holocaust story
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent writing--beautiful imagery and a very interesting story
was sad when the book was over and there was no ...
Excellent story!
Four Stars
Four Stars
This was a beautifully written book
I liked this book so much that I sent my father ...
Four Stars
It is a great read and I would highly recommend it
Four Stars
Wonderful story, beautifully written - I loved it
World War 2 from civilian viewpoint
Four Stars
Wow
Enjoyed it much better as I talked with others that ...
Disappointing ending
Not enjoying this book. I need it for a ...
Good information on the resistance during WW2
Four Stars
Almost a Five
An interesting, although fictional WWII drama
The taste of peaches
Overly long.
Exciting novel
Beautifully written. Compelling
A Great World War II Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth reading
It's the best read I've had this year
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved the book until the ending- sad that it didn't ...
Great story
Best book I've read all year
Excellent!
It takes a few chapters to get into it but great otherwise
Beautifully written
Five Stars
One of the best I have read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Something great from Idaho, and I'm not talking about potatoes!
... detail A story about the human spirit that will amaze you!
Four Stars
A story that touches the heart.
A lot of beautiful material. I got lost going back and forth ...
I really liked this book
Well worth reading!
Five Stars
Great
Five Stars
Wasn't as good as I wanted it to be
Four Stars
Wonderful
A Glorious Read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great book. Interesting to read about how the war ...
Perfect condition. Loved the book
My favorite novel of the year
Four Stars
Exquisite
Four Stars
I think it wasn't as good as all the reviews made it out to be
Children are scarred by war and must leave their childhood behind in the wreckage
Good read
Pay attention
Four Stars
Slower but Grower.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved this book great story Historic
Four Stars
Best book this year!
Wonderful
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read more understanding about the war with Germany
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A good read
Four Stars
For those who love stories about WWII
... have no words other than I think it's the best book I've read in quite some time
tjis is a really good book! I was sorry to put it down ...
Not so great. Didn't finish it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Some of the best things in life you cannot see
In view of the numerous books written about the second ...
Disappointed with ending
Also love stories based on actual history
Five Stars
All are excellent book. You don't want them to end
Beautiful writing
Four Stars
Worth the read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Interesting Perspective
Ok book
Beautiful prose, confusing structure
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good read.
Headline for your review
Five Stars
Great book. Could not put it down
Spellbinding
One of the best book I've read in a long time
Literary joy
Five Stars
beautiful
Five Stars
Fantastic read
Am pleased to have read
Five Stars
but I still recommend it as a really good
Read it!
... into what living in a war zone could be like.
Four Stars
Wonderful book!
The best book I have read this year
Four Stars
This was a wonderful book. I really felt like I was experiencing ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended
A good read
Four Stars
I have read a lot of war books so this wasn't my favorite.
Good slow read.
I highly recommend this well written book
Slow read
Best Book 2015!
There's a reason this won the Pulitzer for fiction.
MUST READ!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not a fast read I didn't like the back and forth in time as well as ...
Wonderful book. Beautifully written with well developed characters and ...
An amazing book. So well written and informative
loved it
Beautifully written. Brings the horror of war and the ...
Rough start
Five Stars
Four Stars
Hated having it end
Four Stars
A beautifully written story
Five Stars
I loved this story
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
extraordinary...
We both love the book
Extraordinary writing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great
I liked it but I did not love it
Loved it!
Exception writing
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book!
Five Stars
Great Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great insights into the Holocaust
wonderful read
Five Stars
The Best!!!
Five Stars
Best book I've read in a while
Gives a better perspective from the Germans side of the war
Should read
A wonderful book I have already recommended many times
Wonderful
Four Stars
Four Stars
Fabulous read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
beautiful.
Very beautiful language.
Four Stars
Three Stars
Literary artist
Five Stars
beautiful writing convoluted story line amazing main character too
Excellent read! WWII as seen from two diverse characters
Three Stars
Highly recommended
I thoroughly enjoyed reading it to the very end
Riveting
Best book this year!
I felt like the only reason I continued to read this book ...
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Compelling
The author's description of scenes and individuals was especially good.
Four Stars
Interesting
Very beautifully written
Good Read All the Way Up to the Disappointing End....
Good read!
Five Stars
... me about half the book before I started to like it, enjoyed the last half a lot
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful!
I thought it was a wonderful fiction mixed wit history
Five Stars
Five Stars
Outstanding
Truly a must read!
Five Stars
Highly recommended
... a long book but that is necessary for the excellent character development
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Story line was good but predictable
Loved the story
Read it.
Enjoyable.
Five Stars
Beautifully written story
Connected by Hope
Five Stars
Truly literary
Four Stars
Enjoyed listening to this book on tape as well
... revealed by short chapters which keep one reading with great interest.
beautiful parallel stories
Five Stars
Highly recommended!
This book is a real treat for those who appreciate good historical fiction.
A memorable experience
Three Stars
Five Stars
... heard of this author but the book was really good. I could hardly put it down
DISAPPOINTING
Not for me...
Four Stars
A "must read!"
Five Stars
A must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful storytelling imagery
Five Stars
One of the best books of the year
Very Good Book
with excellent writing.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Superb
Enjoyed It
Five Stars
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing protagonist; amazing author
Beautifully written
A must-read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Enjoyed it.
Four Stars
Awesome!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent way to understand the day to day issues for ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Best book I've read this year.
Five Stars
An Excellent Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
liked it. I learned things I did not know ...
A MUST
Complex story, wonderfully told.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really Good Book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Wonderful!
An excellent novel with beautifully drawn characters
Five Stars
Well worth reading
To see what the blind see...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A WW!! Novel with non-traditional theme and characters ...
A MUST Read
definitely recommend
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good story.
A must read!
Four Stars
A Must Read
Much of the prose was like poetry. Very interesting characters
Best Book of 2015 so far
I highly recommend it!
Five Stars
I didn't LOVE it but liked it very much
A stirring story. Very well written. A novel ...
Five Stars
I could put it down
Good Read
Five Stars
My favorite book of the year
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Read before Visiting St. Malo
Great story - more closure
Five Stars
Four Stars
So good it can be read aloud and sound like poetry
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Young, blind French girl and orphaned German boy;  WW II
Four Stars
Spellbinding
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Compelling, beautifully written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful Read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Captivating read
Five Stars
Love a good historical
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
The ending left me hanging but enjoyed the book
Interesting characters with beautiful, intertwined stories.
Great read!
Historical Novel
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved it
Great story.  Real page turner!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great character dev and vivid descriptions
Worth your time
Five Stars
Four Stars
All the Light We Cannot See
enjoyed the characters and the story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
So so good
Loved it. Much more interesting than the jacket notes ...
Read
I  WISH I HAD WRITTEN IT
Five Stars
Great book! Bit of a different approach to a ...
Pulitzer Quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
A terrific book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great
A good read
Best book I read all year
GREAT READ!  LOVED IT!
So elegant, intelligent and charming.
Loved it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
My book club loved it.
Loved every minute
Great Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just awesome. Took a bit of time to really get ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Lovely Story
Great book !'
Lovely, sad, uplifting book
Five Stars
Worth the read
Five Stars
Five Stars
This was a perfect book for me
Spectacular
Five Stars
Excellent
Four Stars
Good book.
Highly recommended
Sensual prose
beautiful writing and a compelling story
Five Stars
An outstanding read!
LOved it.
Read this book!
The Sight of the Blind
Light up your life with book!!
Liked the characters
Good premise but didn't hold my attention
Four Stars
A well written, insightful book allowing the reader new ...
Two Stars
I recommend it highly
Loved it!
Five Stars
Lyrical descriptions. I actually felt blind when narration was ...
Superb!
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Highly recommended.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
beautifully written!
absorbing and interesting. An ending that is not predictable ...
So well written. Doesn't move in a predictable path ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Go shopping
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great listening. The author writes colorful prose and the ...
For the first 200 pages I felt like I was reading a YA novel
Five Stars
Awesome!
Time well and pleasently spent!!!!!!!!!!
Five Stars
Beautifully written. I read it twice and enjoyed it ...
Five Stars
Excellent story and characters.
Good read. Entertaining with a tinge of sadness
A fantastic read
Hooked from the beginning.
I like more action
Great Book Club selection.
Four Stars
Five Stars
not for me
Addictive reading
So good
Very beautifully written
good, but not quite the best
Excellent novel
Five Stars
Well done, Anthony!
Great read
Five Stars
Two Stars
So well written! I looked up a lot of ...
A must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The story and the writing is beautiful.
Great book! Could not put it down
I find the writing to be beautiful.
Five Stars
Very Moving Story
Great Story
A beautiful story with an interesting style of writing
Good Read
Four Stars
Beautifully written!
but I loved the language of this book
Five Stars
Excellent read
A great read and wonderful for discussion
Loved it!
Wow What A Story
This will become a classic.
Five Stars
Good Read.
Four Stars
If you love WW II stories, this is a classic
Great book to keep you turning pages!!
Five Stars
A moving storyline
Four Stars
Pulitzer well earned!
Five Stars
great read.
Five Stars
It took me while to get into the book, ...
A Compelling Story
Four Stars
Excellent read. Would make a great addition to a ...
would highly recommend.
Read it c
A wonderfully sad story
A WW 2 story  with a plot full of twists and turns.
It's a good book. Allow enough time to read it as ...
Five Stars
Great character development
Five Stars
one of the best books I've ever read
Four Stars
Four Stars
Aboslutely my favorite so far!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Coruscating
Five Stars
excellent WWII story I would put it down only because ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great story
A Classic!
Engaging WW II drama
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a must read!!
Beautiful and Absorbing.
Excellent!
Great historic fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Superlative
Five Stars
Wonderful story, beautiful writing and unforgettable characters
A Work of Art.
Five Stars
I couldn't put it down.
Great Read
Most Excellent Read!
Five Stars
Three Stars
written in a good language. I'm thankful to the author
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Too good to miss.
Bravo!
Five Stars
well done A DOERR
Enjoyable
Overall good
Very good book
beautiful, absorbing story
amazing what people can
Good book - slow start
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
this book was excellent!
Five Stars
B-to B
Five Stars
Interesting read
Best book we have read in several years
Four Stars
but it was so good it didn't matter
A very enjoyable read
Great World War II novel
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
loved it.
You will love it
A wonderful read.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Disappointed after all the hype
Not my kind of book
Best one I had listened to in a long time
Historical Novel with good human interest, almost bodreing on an almost love affair..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Good book. The author has a wonderful use of ...
Five Stars
wonderful characters, a little long but worth the effort
Four Stars
Four Stars
Well written and captivating
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good read!
A Great Read!
Five Stars
Awesome read!
Five Stars
Very good!
Five Stars
I thoroughly enjoyed the book
Five Stars
thought provoking
Read this book
All the Light We Cannot See
Simply Beautiful
Four Stars
engrossing
This was perhaps the most beautiful novel I ever read
Too long!
Loved the character development
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Exciting and intense, plot is overwhelmingly breathtaking and unpredictable ...
A different plot
Wonderful!
I recommend this book
Five Stars
Highly highly recommend!
Good for book club
Don't have the vocab to give it the review it deserves
and this is one of the best historical novels I've read
Five Stars
Get it
Loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Poetically written. A very lovely read during such an ...
One of the best I've read this year.
Five Stars
Four Stars
and beautiful study of human nature
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this one!
Five Stars
Great as Audio book but now must read it!
Great read
Another excellent view of world war 2
Historical Fiction comes to life
Five Stars
Worth Reading
Four Stars
Four Stars
I was sad for it to end.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good story line
Must read
Well written. A different angle on all those tradegies ...
Five Stars
Fell in love with the characters and setting
This one took me a few pages to get into ...
Five Stars
Beautiful writing
A must read
Read it you will love it.
Deserving of high praise.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Terrific
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Boring in the beginning
Classic
A wonderful book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
So glad they were able to connect and squelch some of ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great srory
Five Stars
War's Impact
All the light we cannot see
Highly recommend this
Very enjoyable interesting story
Five Stars
Historical background that held my attention.
Young people during the Second World War...
Five Stars
wonderful read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good book. Many details but worth the length for ...
love and
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Story Line
Beautiful novel
Four Stars
Five Stars
We all loved the book
Fabulous character development! Book presented accurate historical facts.
Five Stars
Five Stars
You will find yourself rooting for the main characters to somehow survive their trapped lives.
I liked the book very much
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good read. not too predictable
Four Stars
Five Stars
Hard to get to the end
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Captures the reader from page one
Story was good, but moved at a snails pace
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Loved the book
Five Stars
Masterfully written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book!!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Remember WW!!.  Important that we do!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Blindness, Bravery, Beauty, and Brilliance!
love, and loyalty
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
it was hard to put down....
Very well written. Interesting look into to German occupation ...
Four Stars
Great book. Powerful story beautifully written
Great Read
Masterpiece
Four Stars
Four Stars
Beautifully written
Five Stars
A Well Written Novel.. but....
eccellent version of an old story about nazis,love and adventure
Excellent book
Five Stars
Beautifully written. Honest story without sensational plot
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
This  is  a  must  read
Five Stars
2 thumbs up
Four Stars
Five Stars
Superb!
Five Stars
Excellent read
Wouldn't Recommend
Beautifully written. One of the best of the Pulitzer ...
Five Stars
Beautiful !
Five Stars
Four Stars
A WWII novel that is unique and very well done.
A brilliant book! One of the best World War II ...
Four Stars
Light Glows
A wonderful
Loved it. In fact
Four Stars
Worth reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
I LIKED IT, BUT AT TIMES IT SEEMED TO BE ...
Great read
A story beautifully told. Could not put it down
Two children with different experience are affected by the evils ...
All The Light We Cannot See
Amazing read. Couldn't wait to read the next page
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Spectacular novel. A must-read for any history buff or ...
Gripping. Intense. Wanted to read cover to cover ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful book.
Five Stars
WONDERFUL writing! I will always remember this book and ...
Beautifully written. I loved it and so did everyone ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lots to think about....
Three Stars
Four Stars
A find
Five Stars
I loved it.
Four Stars
Lovely and Interesting
It was spellbinding. I couldn't put it down, ...
Five Stars
Excellent historical fiction
Beautiful story. A story of hope
Four Stars
Must Read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best books I have read in quite some time
Five Stars
somethin missing
Wonderful characters. Lyrical and lovely in handling a difficult ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Halfway through. Keeping me up at nights. Just ...
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
I great read.
rave review!
Wonderful, literate read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great for book club discussion
Four Stars
Couldn't put it down.
Five Stars
All the light we cannot see
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
I enjoyed the book
An absolutely beautiful book. I have recommended it to all my ...
Thumbs up
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Very boring book. Kept hoping it would improve but it ...
I really enjoyed it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
sad, hopeful
Well done
Difficult but a must read
Don't Miss This Book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good story
Five Stars
Four Stars
Outstanding book. Very well written. Couldn't put it ...
... for our book club and every one of us loved this book
Good read, not a great one for me
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
An exquisitely beautiful book. Can't wait to read another of his
Five Stars
Great Read
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Different perspective
An incredible story
Favorite book of 2015
... recommending this to all my book loving friends- I loved it.
Great book! I couldn't put it down
Four Stars
All the light we cannot see
Slow start -- great finish
Great Book
All the Light We Cannot See
Fabulous!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Very slow The shifting between the two subplots was disconcerting
Five Stars
This book is an amazing read! One of the 5 best books I've ...
Five Stars
Well written book of events during wartime.
Five Stars
A great read.
Three Stars
Amazing
Simple story, well-told
Three Stars
Vivid
Wonderful book. It will be a classic
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
savored every page
beautiful prose, one of the bist I've read in
Best
Two Stars
Five Stars
Quick Read,
Five Stars
Found another great author!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Must Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
... well written novel with characters who you fall in love
Beautifully written! Can't wait to read other books by ...
Good book!
Four Stars
Stellar book
who sounds like a teenager trying to read Shakespeare
Five Stars
highly recommended
Read it!
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
I found this to be a slow read that ended ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
If you're a history buff
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Book!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I enjoyed it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
My favorite read so far this year
A NICE SUCCESS.
Five Stars
Fabulous read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
wonderful vocabulary, very descriptive
Five Stars
Interesting Read
Loved it
Five Stars
Exquisite!
Great read! Historical novel a way to make history ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gripping tale of Real Life in WW 2
Five Stars
I've heard it is a wonderful book.
Five Stars
Definitely a good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Brilliant
Five Stars
Very good read! Kept me turning the pages to see ...
Five Stars
Beautiful!
Five Stars
A delightful read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
World War II story of a blind girl trying to survive.
This is a keeper.
Five Stars
Five Stars
and loved this one
Four Stars
Excellent reading! Loved history of WWII and writing style ...
A must read!
... heard about this book from a friend and thoroughly enjoyed the
A poignant and beautiful story. Emotionally charged to the very end
Loved it! Gripping
Five Stars
Four Stars
Best book of my lifetime.
excellent story, would make a great movie!
Three Stars
Wanted to Like but Didn't
Glad my wife recommended it to me
Worth reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Characters as works of art. Rah!
Super!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Exquisitely written. Story lingers long after the book is ...
Very good book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Must Read
Four Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Intelligent and Compelling!
Five Stars
Great Book
Five Stars
Needed a better editor. But it was an unusual story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
BEST OF THE REST
Extremely interesting. Very fast read from a different perspective ...
Great Book
Don't Miss This One!
A great book. Loved reading it everyday
Five Stars
one of the best books I've read in some time
Loved it!
Heard good things and thought it was only decent.
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
but it sounds great from the short summary
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved the book
Five Stars
great read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautifully descriptive but too lomg
Four Stars
Very good. I couldn't put the kindle down
Best 2014 Summer Read
Attention Radio fans and WWII enthusiast
yes!!
After Goldfinch
Excellent book
Gripping and so well written!
Favorite book since THE BOOK THIEF
what a wonderful book
The Heart sees more than the Eyes
Excellent and unusual
Wonderful
Wonderful book  Highly recommended.
Learning more about the Holocaust
all the Light We cannot see.
great story
Readers will love the light they see in this novel.
Very good book
world war two saga
Living Inside of World War II
book for the soul
Inspiring Story!
Five Stars
Good mix of history with a suspenseful plot
Five Stars
Simply Excellent
Five Stars
Excellent book!
Best book I've read in a long time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Can't wait to read his other novels
It was a good quick read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Awesome Read!
Hood book.
A great read
Five Stars
Excellent read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved it. Great descriptive passages
Two Stars
Well written
Wordl War II story of a blind girl
Great read!
Five Stars
won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction today
I enjoyed it. It was a hard time in our ...
great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Understandable why this is a best seller!
I enjoyed it. I would recommend it
Five Stars
A must read
Excellent.
Five Stars
Great characters. Brings out the horrors of war
Different and Delightful !
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Riveting Read
Brilliantly written. I couldn't put this book down until ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Such a great book! Very interesting to see WWII from both ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Not just the best book of 2014
War brings the unusual together if only briefly
Believe the hype. A beautifully written, fantastic book.
Es-tu là?
Not Worth the Effort
but this book is absolutely the best I have ever read
A wonderful book
Five Stars
Liked it very much
Five Stars
A Good read!
Powerful, thought-provoking booki.
Added this to my favorites list
Four Stars
Beautifully written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written
Five Stars
Really
Interesting Read
Good read
Good book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic story and great writing
Fantastic story and great writing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A beautifully poetic story
Outstanding! An endearing, heartfelt story from beginning to ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Worthwhile Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Stunning
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written. Hated when finished
Beautiful and Disturbing
Five Stars
Enjoy the style of writing
WWII and its impact on the people of Europe
Five Stars
A fantastic story. It was difficult to put down once ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful
Highly Reconmmended!
excellent read based on real life in historical setting
It is a beautifully written story
Five Stars
All the Light We Could Not See
Sad but inspiring story and beautiful detail
Five Stars
A different war story
Four Stars
Three Stars
and excellent job of developing the characters
Five Stars
Great WW2 story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written. Absolutely loved this book
Insight into WWII
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautifully written, lyrical
One Star
Spellbinding and heart-rending.
A great historical novel
Excellent book! WWII story told from the perspective of ...
favorite book this year
Powerful story
Gripping from the first page.
Great characters. Wow it all comes together
Suspenseful,, we'll written,
Read this book or you won't know what you're missing
This book was good, but not what my friends were raving about
Sad to lose some of the main
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Iconic Literature
Moving, stunningly realized,gripping feat of imagination and storytelling!
Magnificent!
Five Stars
A favorite book
Five Stars
Fantastic, thoughtful book
Five Stars
fiction brain food. thoughtful, suspenseful, and darkly ...
Five Stars
Love it.
Read it
Five Stars
Really enjoyed this book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great narrative
Big disappoinment
A must read
beautiful story! Anthony Doerr is brilliant
Great literature
Four Stars
Intriguing
Well written, thought provoking and touching...
Five Stars
Gripping story
Five Stars
A VERY SUSPENSEFUL AND INSPIRING BOOK
Five Stars
Obviously an award winner!
Brilliant - must read
Great read
Compelling story
It comes highly recommended.
Three Stars
good story line
A twist with turns.
War turns children into adults
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not what it is cracked up to be
Blind eyes and a healthy conscience in WWII Europe
Tell all your friends....
HIGHLY recommend
Beautifully written. One of the best books of the ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best book I've read this year.
A Good Read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent!
Loved every part of this
As good as it gets
Three Stars
Five Stars
I found it dull.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful!
Read if you enjoy WW 2 stories
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great story and writing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't Miss This One
Lovely book, read this next!
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Must read
Great read!!
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
I think it's a very good read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Best read of the year or many years
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Hard to put down
Mesmerizing!!
Five Stars
Great book
Four Stars
Amazing book. Great story telling
Loved it. Well written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read.
I loved it.
Five Stars
Book is great. The delivery of it yo my house took ...
Don't miss this one
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
The descriptive language was wonderful.
Great story!
Five Stars
Four Stars
This is a wonderful book. It is set in WW2 but from ...
All the Light We Cannot See
I found it terribly boring. I followed up with "The Nightingale" which ...
rich and Luminescent
My favorite book of the year
Five Stars
I loved the
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Really enjoyed the historical aspect of the story
... you under stood who the characters are it was fun to read
Quite an experience
Five Stars
Great historical fiction
Four Stars
Five Stars
Unique phrases and complex characters fully developed.  Excellent read.
Four Stars
Best book in years!
Five Stars
which could easily have been a true story
Great book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Glad when it was over
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A good read
Five Stars
Beautiful story
Five Stars
Three Stars
Well worth reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A joy to reac
Five Stars
it's so cool when the whole story comes
Loved this
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful book. Captivating story that is beautifully wirtten
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written. Loved this book and sad when it ...
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read this!
Possibly the best book I have ever read!
but really good
Five Stars
Beautiful Style and Painful Content
Four Stars
Excellent WWII story!
Wow! This is a winner.
Five Stars
Worth the discomfort to read
Four Stars
Five Stars
A sensational, moving book
Extraordinary.  A treasure
This book is so beautifully written and has such a compelling story
I thoroughly enjoyed it!
Five Stars
This is a must read. Very well written and ...
I loved every minute of it
Five Stars
... me abit to get into it but it was great. War is terrible
A Masterpiece!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
but still a sweet story.
Must Read!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nobody could want a war after reading this.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A Must Read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Four Stars
Blindness may have different meanings
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
Beautifully written
Too much information lets you loose interest but good
Beautiful writing. Story will linger in your mind
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
To savoir read slowly.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing novel. I reached the end only to start ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read!!!
Four Stars
but a good read about a difficult time
Wonderful audio book!  Brilliant narrative!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
I loved it. Very well written
It was OK
All the Light We Cannot See
50 Page Novel inflated to 500 pages with postmodern gimmickry,
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Incredibly sad but so uplifting and inspiring
Four Stars
great read.
Five Stars
Amazing
A great read by an accomplished author.
If you read one book this year...
Must Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great story and very well
Best book I have read in a long time
Everyone needs to experience this story!
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
I read it twice!
Four Stars
All the light we may be.
Five Stars
Three Stars
👍🏻
Good story. Gets a little hurried and disjointed at ...
5 stars
Five Stars
a tale unlike any other.
Wonderful
Excellent book. I couldn't predict the outcome
Five Stars
Four Stars
Best novel I've read in a long long time.
A thought-provoking well written story
Four Stars
Well written. Kudos to the Author
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
lovely and luminous book
Interesting read. Kept my full attention through to the ...
A treat
Enjoyed the author's style of writing
5 star review
Five Stars
Moving Novel of Two Young People in WW II
Five Stars
really great
Four Stars
well worth the read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The ending had good closure.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
I was extremely disappointed considering how wonderful prior published reviews were
An amazingly well written book
A Read to Relish
Three Stars
great character development
Three Stars
One of the Best Ever
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Four Stars
Four Stars
Very good book. The writer brings you right in to ...
I enjoyed every minute of it
Five Stars
Great read
Loved this book! Even bought the hard copy later, to share after I had read the Kindle version.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
love this stories
Great book. Gives a lot of history re
Four Stars
great Book
Five Stars
Uplifting--historical
Three Stars
Five Stars
though a good story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written. It was sad but ended on a ...
Just okay
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really enjoyed!
Three Stars
Four Stars
Must read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Sad but inspirational
Two Stars
wonderful story. I wish I knew of more books ...
Can see why it is one of the best of 2014
Great reading material.
Five Stars
fantastic!
Five Stars
Five Stars
A wonderful story. The characters are all nicely developed
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved it. One of the best books I've read ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
wonderful book. I couldn't put it down until the ...
Fine writing.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Experiencing War.
Beautifully written, touching story
Four Stars
Five Stars
well written, but no story
Not my thing
The best book I have read all year
What a wonderful book! All the Light We Cannot See is ...
The characters were wonderful. It was a page turner all right
Eloquently and intelligently written. Gave a thoughtful and subtle impression of ...
Too dark for me.
so much to think about
One of the best
Five Stars
A wonderful book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Not a story I really enjoyed.
Loved this book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great historical fiction
Five Stars
Exceptional read
Five Stars
Great book club book
The characters were so good.
Four Stars
Special!
Five Stars
Blind girl during WWII "sees" what others cannot.
Four Stars
Enjoyable, but too long
Four Stars
Eliquent
Four Stars
great book almost non fiction kept you clued to the
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great storytelling
Four Stars
For your next trip!
Glued!
A Masterpiece
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A "tour de force" of historical fiction.
A movie played in your imagination
sensitive and beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Overall satisfaction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent writing. Looking forward to the movie
Five Stars
excellent book. Read it for book club
Five Stars
Fabulous book. Couldn't put it down. Wish it ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Five Stars
Good but slow going.
Sorry to see it end. So many facets and ...
Magnificent Story of Hope, Love and Life
Five Stars
Four Stars
This book was amazing. Highly recommended
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
A Refreshing Approach to Historical Fiction
Five Stars
Three Stars
Loved it!
A glorious book for serious readers
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful!!!!!!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good story but not consistent
A wonderful book! I have recommended it to our book ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A good read, it drags a bit
Beautiful imagery, wonderful story
Great read.
Excellent reed.
Five Stars
A must read!
Good book.
A Gift
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book! Intricate plot and nice character development
Four Stars
Excellent summer read
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Decent Book
Four Stars
will read again 5++
Great Read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
A great read
I enjoyed reading it very much
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written. One of the best books I read ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Altered and Destroyed by War
Great book!
Definitely the best book of the year
Excellent read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved this eloquently written book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great read. Lovely writing
Children of wartime.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great work of fiction
Just read it.
While some enjoy this, I prefer a story that keeps me ...
Five Stars
Real people in WWII
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good choice for high school juniors
Good story, but jumped around a lot
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sheer beauty in words and character.
this book is amazing and is now one of my favorites
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Very well written and I loved it.
Wonderful book....
Five Stars
Wonderful read
Five Stars
written beautifully. Deserves the awards
Good book.
Five Stars
Read this book!
Five Stars
Great Story
Five Stars
Great!
Must Read
Four Stars
Love this book!
Wonderful book. Would love to read more of Anthony
Four Stars
good book for anyone middle school to
Five Stars
Four Stars
Extraordinary read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
An inspiring book and certainly deserves the Pulitzer.
Five Stars
great book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book
Nazi atrocities against their own undeniable!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great. Story very emotional
Four Stars
Great
Four Stars
It was just OK! Too many words. Could ...
great read. did not like the ending
Five Stars
sweet but tragic story
A "must read."
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Absolute MUST read!!!
Terrific
Five Stars
Nice reading, sad as war time is
Five Stars
A wonderful book. I will read more books by this ...
It was a good book. I enjoyed the story line
Wonderful
extraordinary
All the Light We Cannot See
doesnt move quick enough
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Humanization of World War II- A Story about Two Young People during WWII in Europe
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Great book!
Disappointing read
Five Stars
Four Stars
beautifully written. enjoyed start to
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
A new favorite book!
Just Read It.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Very interestingly woven story, a quite unique WWII tale
Five Stars
Best book in a long time
A Great book!
Four Stars
All the Light We Cannot See
Enjoyable Read
Beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved the writing style and the
Three Stars
Immersive
Enjoyed the story very much
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommended
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A different spin to an old, disturbing period in our history.
An all-time favorite
Wonderful storytelling and lovely book
Poetic. Thought provoking. Stayed with me a long ...
Beautifully written and very moving
Five Stars
One of the best novels I've read in the last five years.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A Wonderful Read
All the Book You Should Not Read
beautiful!
... put off reading this book even though it got good reviews and when I finally decided to read it ...
Great background account of the war
Four Stars
Very Informative
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Book
Five Stars
Every sentence is a literary delight!
Surprising story about a very dark time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
beautiful imagery; very poor ending
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read.
READ IT NOW!
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Very happy with this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Try it, you will like it.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Best I Have Read In Years!
Five Stars
Couldn't put it down.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I was sad when the story ended
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Can One Person Truly Make a Difference?
A magnificent tribute to the power of the human soul ...
because she knows I like historical fiction related to WWII
See the Light
Five Stars
Stay With It!
Very interesting plot. The writing style is engaging.
Book Club Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
It is great!
Really Good!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Simply Amazing
Good book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book!
Top Notch
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
A Drag
Achingly beautiful
Five Stars
It was excellent. I would look for this author again
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a worthy read
and I really liked it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beatifully written. A master in creating atmospheres.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
5 stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
What a waste of my time
Modern Masterpiece
Well written
meaningful and historic
Excellent
WW11 different realistic story
Unique perspective
Five Stars
Great piece of writing.
Exceptional
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story, well written
Good book
I hated for it to end
Great story. It was like being there during one of the worst periods in human history.
A good read.
All the3 Light We Cannot See--a wonderful read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel ... Anthony Doerr
A Pretty good read
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Highly recommended.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
MustvRead
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful read.
and I am a WWII junkie so I was expecting to love it. I didn't
So glad I stayed with it
Pleasant read
Excellent book. I loved all the descriptive detail
Five Stars
OK read-----
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hitler's methods of training youth.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
One of the best books ever!
I'd recommend this.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Mixed
Five Stars
Totally great. I have recommended for my book club
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful writing. Compelling story and characters
War is very sad.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Very good. I am reading it now for the second ...
A gripping story! You won't be able to put ...
EXCELLENT
WW II as you probably never envisioned it.
Five Stars
Interesting and Well Written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written
a beautiful book. He wove the story by alternating between ...
Masterful novel, great read
A Must Read!
In alternating narratives, a young German boy learns what ...
Sad saga of war experience. .
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
So good!
Five Stars
A good book!
Five Stars
Good but...
Great read !!!
Story telling at its finest.
Eye opening.
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good read!!
Five Stars
Well written book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Excellent Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well written.
Was sad when it was over
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful prose, gripping story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent reading.
Four Stars
Four Stars
but a good read.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
clear some time to read this one
Must read.
It was a bit slow and although I liked the characters I felt the going back & forth ...
brilliant, extraordinary
Really a great read. Kept my interest throughout
Five Stars
Quick read for history lovers and those who enjoy the story behind the history.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fabulous story
Excellent main character in a well-written plot...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A great book. Everyone in our book club liked it
great writing.
Five Stars
Good book
Beautifully written. Descriptions were exquisite
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent Read!!!
Human Resiliance
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful insights into people's lives in war.
I loved this book
Don't miss this one.
Five Stars
A compulsive read.. I didn't want this book ...
Riveting read.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended
Three Stars
Read it now!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
a story that will remain with you
Good read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
I liked it.
Five Stars
An amazing book should win the Pulitzer prize
MUST READ
Power and elegance in story form
Beautifully written
A good beach book---too wordy and verbose and Doerr is not ...
The ending did not satisfy me, but it was realistically told
Historical fiction at its best.
Special
Beautifully written. A must
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing! I cannot stop thinking about this book
best seller for sure.
Don't miss. this one
enjoyed the book was sorry when it was
Great book, very emotional
Four Stars
Enthralling
A great, well written book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyed
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
one of better books i wvwer rwad
but a great story nonetheless
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
The Light
Four Stars
Five Stars
Riveting history, riveting story
Four Stars
Four Stars
A great story. I loved it
Five Stars
an excellent and entertaining
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Good book, historical fiction.  Enjoyed reading.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good historical information.....
Four Stars
Too bogged down in unnecessary detail.
Fun read.
I love great writing
One of the Best Ever!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I must have missed something as it came highly recommended from a friend
All the Light We Can Not See
Exceptional War Story
Wonderful book. Characters are so real and really struggle ...
Five Stars
Poetic discriptions
Five Stars
Four Stars
Beautifully written! This book is a must read
Worth the investment but no quick read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Expect it will be very good.
Best book in years!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Excellent movie!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hated ending. Killing off the boy in one sentence ...
I found it to be a little too repetitious and boring. The premise was clever and the style ingenious
astounding
Anthony Doerr is one of the best
Good Story, Slow read
A beautiful story.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five star book, no problems.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great service
Worth the read!
Five Stars
A Haunting Story
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gifted author
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Couldn't put it down. Didn't want it to end ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
just loved every minute of it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written. I could not put it down
Did not like the end
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Fabulous
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best of 2014
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Must Read
Five Stars
Must Read
Wonderful story
Five Stars
wonderful story
Great book really enjoyed once I got into it
Five Stars
Good story line!
Five Stars
Thoroughly enjoyed it.
heartbreakingly beautiful
A book that you will not want to end!
Best book of the summer
Thrilling, Suspenseful,  Beautiful Story
Incredible
Contrived, artificial
A hauntingly beautiful book with language like poetry
Achingly Beautiful
Five Stars
A great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story
Four Stars
but loved the book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommend it
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Exquisite read
"It reads like the thesaurus puked all over it
Excellent Book
Cast the movie
Giving this book a pass
I loved this story!
This book is like a poem
Lovely
Well told story. May it never happen again.
Very good read. I would strongly recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
couldn't stop thinking about it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
will keep you turning the pages
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful story! Told in a wonderful way
Five Stars
LOVE THIS BOOK
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Just ok!
Five Stars
Excellent book. I could hardly put ot down
Three Stars
but so sad to me
A Must Read
The best
Must Read
Doerr is now one of my favorite writers.
Extraordinary writing!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
good story, but the ending was disappointing
Beautiful writing! A very compelling story
Just like me, but better written
Great story
she loved it!
loved this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great writer. Read The Shell Collector too
Four Stars
Five Stars
BORING!
An incredible read!!!
Meh...
This was a wonderful book.
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Not to be missed!
Five Stars
Boring
Good book when you have time.
Five Stars
Worth the time
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The writing was interesting and enjoyable!
Five Stars
Great read.
Five Stars
Read It!
Four Stars
Five Stars
superb story telling
Highly Recommend this book!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Fantastic! Would recommend it to everyone
Three Stars
A must read for history buffs
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
one of the best books about World War Two
Five Stars
Enjoyed the story line
Wonderful
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Good read
Excellent!
Four Stars
Five Stars
great read
Five Stars
Great book so far.
Five Stars
Recommend Reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Terrible
A gem
Not a happy book for me as a German but so very ...
What survives war
This novel is written with a great deal of whimsy and and interesting detail
Lyrical, descriptive writing but very slow pace & unsatisfying ending
Some questions for the author
All the best attributes of "literary" and "popular" fiction....
Completely deserving of the hype
A Winner!!
A romantic book with very little romance scenes
I Got a Little Misty Toward the End
I don't like fiction but I LOVED this book
Dazzling prose and multi-layered metaphors
and her great -uncle is a bit crazy
A marvelous book with a few structural flaws
Not for everyone...
Blinded By The Light
A beautiful book
a perfect story
A good read
Five Stars
sight is what you make it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great book.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Interesting Book - I would recommend it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Excellent book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
but have read better.
Excellent!
Four Stars
A Must Read
Great book Top of my list for great
Five Stars
Worth the Time
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
A must read!
Hard to put down!
WW II historical fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
I Loved This Book!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
So glad I chose this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good. I enjoyed this book very much
Five Stars
Five Stars
How one might see
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
good story line
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
You have a treat in store for you.
Excellent!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great book if you like history  and psychology of human behavior
Five Stars
coming of age in war torn europe.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it.
Excellent Read
Just a delightful story told so well you don't want ...
Fascinating
Two children cope with war in different ways...beautiful prose.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great story
Quality writing!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great merchandise! Thanks
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
The War from a different point of view
Great read.
beautiful descriptions.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Captivating story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Insightful look into history
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Ending a let down
Excellence in plot development.
Terrific book
Five Stars
Excellent read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Do not like the ending
Five Stars
Four Stars
Recommended
Outstanding
Enjoyed every page,,
Amazing book, loved from beginning to end
Five Stars
Five Stars
A very good read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Engaging read!
READ! ! !
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
so good..
Five Stars
Exciting!
Overcoming life's obstacles.
Five Stars
Superb
Beautiful Story
A treasure to read
Five Stars
Great Read
Just read it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great sensitive read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best story of the year
Over the top best book ever!
Great!
Engrossing. Cleverl weaving of stories.
Five Stars
Recommend highly
Loved it!
Four Stars
Excellent read! Could not put it down
Three Stars
Four Stars
Great book...
Read about india And French food
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
An intimate view of youth and war in Germany and France during WWII.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent writing! deserves the
Five Stars
Good Read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
great pace, terrific
Five Stars
Five Stars
I enjoyed this well written book.  A realistic, heart-felt story with a heroine to root for from beginning to end.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Interesting historical novel
A good read
You'll like it.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Highly recommended.
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Nicely written.
Four Stars
I loved it too
Enjoyed it immensely
Will read again!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Written beautifully
well written enjoyed the short
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read set during Wold War II
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A good read.
Loved it.
Five Stars
Audiobook Narration Does This Story Justice & the Story is Pure Poetry
I savored every moment of this beautifully written story and truly did not want it to ...
It was a perfect read for a wonderful trip
Tremendous clarity and great mastery of our language
Haunting!
Five Stars
Enthrall Ink!
Page turner
Page turner
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Intriguing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Summer read!
not what I expected.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read!
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thoroughly enjoyed this! read it twice!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book
Didn't want it to end.
Five Stars
Excellent! Also good for young adults
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful Reading
Five Stars
A great read
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't Miss This Book!
Five Stars
5 stars
lengthy but worth rhe read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great book. I'd highly recommend it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
My best read of the year!
Great book
gets better thru the
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Easy read! Well written and
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
An excellent novel.
an epic read
Beautifully written
The faerie queene
This novel pulls at your insides and ties them up in a knot where your heart rests.
good read, got up in the early morning to ...
One of the most beautiful books I have read this year
A boy and a girl in history
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I recommend it!
Five Stars
An outstanding read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Well written. Ending a little abrupt.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book. Sad but true stories
Five Stars
excellent writing.
Highly recommend this book!
JUST READ it..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Closure!
long but wonderful.. masterful
Recommended.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice story. Read it for our book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Recommend this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful read! Couldn't put it down
So much fun to read and understand
Four Stars
Four Stars
Highly recommend this book!
Excellent
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The inner social confusion and mental triumphs  of growing up during times of war.
Five Stars
Wow
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very Touching!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend
My book club loved it!
Five Stars
Four stard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Review
Must read
Don't miss this beautiful story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Spellbinding
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written.
High recommendation
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read.
Five Stars
Started out good but went on too long
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved This Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Superb!
Wonderful read. Beautifully written
beautiful prose
oh yeah!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well written. Believable characters.
Five Stars
beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book! Characters well defined
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really Good!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fabulous Book!!
and through Werner’s love for his sister and a friend he makes in ...
Great Read
One of favourite my books i have ever read
So very good!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
Captivating I couldn't put it down.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Well written and thought
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Do not miss hours o reading with this book..you will miss life, love, the story of human beings helping each other in difficult
Well worth the read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful
Recipient loved it.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well written. Ending a bit obscure.
Five Stars
Great Read
Five Stars
One of my favorites...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent, fascinating until othe
Great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
sad story, a must
Thank You for a good write.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a must read
Five Stars
loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful, engaging read!
Beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
my favorite of
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read. Unusual style of
Great Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
read it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
5 star reading
Five Stars
I loved it.
a wonderful story.
Fabulous book.
Four Stars
I wished it had had a happier ending with the blind girl being able to marry
perhaps the best book I've ever read
Definitely a great read!
Not sugar coated, not all wrapped up neatly.  Very real.
Excellent read
Unbelievably good
Intriguing storyline
I cannot recommend this book.
I liked the story of the blind character
This has to be one of my most favorite books that I have read this year
Nihilism & Grace
Such a talented writer
Enjoyed it thoroughly
Five Stars
beautifully
Five Stars
Beautifully written!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great writing. Kept your interest
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Beautiful
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Thought provoking
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read. Must for all ages
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautifully told!
Five Stars
Very good book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Great book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Very well written.
Five Stars
Ho Hum;Halfway done!
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Worth reading.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good
A must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautifully written.
Beautifully written
Five stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
Absorbing
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Awesome book
Five Stars
Wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
loved
Great. A different view of WWII
Five Stars
Great book! I would read it again
Five Stars
Wonderful book.
Five Stars
Four Stars
A very good novel - 3
book you cannot put down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Read it!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
For me it was the best read of the year.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A joy to read
Five Stars
Worthwhile read
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Read it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best summer read so far
Doesn't get much better than this
Wonderful
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Thought provoking and original.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read this book!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I agree last year book of the year!
Worth reading
Five Stars
Worthy
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
very good book.
Five Stars
Lovely
Didn't want it to end.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A great
Excellent!
really liked this book
Five Stars
An easy read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth your time.
A fine read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this novel
Very well written
A very thought-provoking read
A beautiful piece of literature
One of the best books I have ever read
In which a lot is said and very little actually happens
captivating
a perfect book
Great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Okay
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Book Review
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great
Five Stars
Beautifully written.
Five Stars
Highly Recommend
Great read. Wonderfully written
Four Stars
Good book.
Five Stars
A Good Read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
great read. couldn't put it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great WW2 Story
Loved it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved it!
Great...
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Thought provoking
Three Stars
Five Stars
Well worth reading.
Excellent writing. Beautiful story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read. One of my favorites
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent Book
Wonderful. Enjoyed it immensely
Four Stars
Five Stars
loved it
but enjoyed.
Five Stars
beautifully written.
Five Stars
Great book!
Loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
World War II Historical suspense
Great book
A beautifully written look at war through the eys of children ...
Intriguing story
Captivating Story!
Just as I was involved with one of the main ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Enjoyed it very much
Five Stars
Children, War, and how the soul can be touched even in horror
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
heartfelt
Good read
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A real page turner
Five Stars
Most People Would Probably Find a Good Read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
See the light
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Worth the Read'
Fantastic
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good read.
Five Stars
Four Stars
great book
Four Stars
Three Stars
Excellent read.
The Best!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great Story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well Written
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
The Light Shines
Five Stars
Best book I have read this year!
excellent
Five Stars
Amazing and beautifully written
Five Stars
Four Stars
GREAT story! Can't put it down
Five Stars
ALL THE LIGHT WE CANNOT SEE
Five Stars
Great story, beautifully written
Five Stars
highly recommend
Beautiful heartbreaking
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read. Beautiful writing
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Excellent! Highly recommended
Five Stars
Four Stars
Very good story, worth reading.
Loved it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome. Couldn't put it down
Four Stars
Wonderful
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved the unusual perspective of WW2
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
a good read.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
a good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent. A compelling story
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great story. Beautifully told
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I didn't want this story to end but I couldn't put it down
great read!
Confusing development
Magical realism and life affirming even when all looks lost
This one stayed with me...
Poignant, touching and loving
Five Stars
Enjoyable reading.
A must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enlightening
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great read. I loved the book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
A must read!
Superb. Will read this again!
Five Stars
Fortitude
Five Stars
Absolutely loved this book !
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
wonderful story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Recommended to all
Five Stars
So enjoyable
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Love it! Beautifully written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read slowly and savor
For Readers of Novels who want To be Challenged with More Than Just a Good Story
READ IT!
Old story
Great book!
There's not a stereotype in this novel, lovingly told.
Best book I've read all year
Wonderful Read! Spoliers below!
its similar to an anne frank diary story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read. Wonderful story
Fascinating... enlightening...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
All The Light We Cannot See is a must read!
Five Stars
Well written
loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great read. Wonderful story
Books
great
Four Stars
Historically, well researched.
Five Stars
Four Stars
A Must Read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thoroughly enjoyed it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Compelling
Historical fiction read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
I loved the way he described his characters.  I felt like I knew them. Alternating each chapter worked well for me.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful. Not to be missed
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved this Book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best books I have ever read
A good story.
Excellent. Kept my interest
Thumbs up!
A good book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Good book, it a little sad
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Different
Great read!
Five Stars
READ THIS BOOK
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A first-rate work of history.  Interesting and important for an understanding of the Holocaust.
Loved it.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fast Shipping
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved the
Five Stars
Five Stars
a blind girl and a soldier
Gripping & heart wrenching.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great
A perfect book
Beautiful and endearing
Brilliant
A Literary Delight!
A quietly touching story of war
Inspirational well-written book!
Outstanding!
Irritatingly skips back and forth in time!
This story is beautifully written. Set in WWII in France
A Great Read!
Great Read.
Five Stars
Fabulous Novel!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very nice read
Four Stars
Five Stars
FIVE STARS
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
very good..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Great War novel.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it
Faulty but wonderful read.
Five Stars
loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Excellent Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read it!
Four Stars
This was ordered as a gift.
Loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautifully
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent! Wonderful read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Like other readers I was off put by the jumping ...
a good read
A Jewel of a Story
Deeply Layered Tale That Touches the Soul
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
mans inhumanity to man
Four Stars
Loved
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautifully written.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It pulled me through so many emotions: pity. joy. sorrow. disgust. sadness. fear. loathing. sympathy. laughing. crying.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Book for Everyone
Well done!
Five Stars
Five Stars
five stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
Four Stars
Four Stars
One of the best books of the year!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended book.
great
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very scary parts which are very graphic but it is a terrific story.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
... (winner of 2015 Pulitzer for fiction) is a much better choice for that award than last year's winner (The ...
Magnificent. I actually caught myself holding my breath at times.I think I might read it again.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read.
A must read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
sad
Creative Story
Five Stars
Recommended-
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lyrical writing at times.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best buy great story
Five Stars
Loved it
Four Stars
A good read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
ALL THE LIGHTS
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Brilliant!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hard to put this one down
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great other perspective of the war and the events around St. malo.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
all the light we cannot see a novel
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
All The Light We Cannot See is a Beautiful Read
Can’t Believe That This Book Is An Award Winner
one of the best and most profound books I've read in a long ...
Excellent book
One of the best books so far this year
Excellent. One of the best books I have read ...
one of the best books I've ever read
Best summer read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lovely Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
5 stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Structure.
Loved it.
Five stars are really not enough to show my appreciation ...
loved it
A delicately written gem (strong female character who is a young adolescent)
This book ranks along with "Sophie's Choice" for being the best. Why
Instructions: open and enjoy
More than a story , from start to finish a compassionate story about strength, futility, the power of survival and love.
Three Stars
One of the best books of the year
So good
couldn't put it down
You just got to
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The treasure of our lives
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Recommended
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved
I recommend it.
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great
good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
An exceptional writer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyable
Three Stars
Five Stars
order it by mistake
Doerr is brilliant!
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth the read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two young lives in wartime
Can't say enough great things about this book
One Star
I didn't like the way the book jumped around and the clarity ...
The best book I have ever read
A beautiful story
An Excellent Weave
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lyrically written and very engaging
Loved it
Five Stars
Excellent.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
So memorable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Heart warming
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautifully written
Five Stars
Four Stars
A rich, sometimes tedious read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Enjoyed This Book!
Five Stars
was totally emerged in this story
Five Stars
Five Stars
A written
Five Stars
wonderful story.
Four Stars
Five Stars
I'm a historical novel junkie
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Words
Five Stars
All the reviews I wish I had not seen.
Cannot understand what people see in this book.
Two Stars
Five Stars
Stunning Piece of Literature
Compeller might be a better word. I think I'll invent it on the ...
Amazing! If you only read one book this year
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
awesome
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Good Book
Didn't enjoy
Good read.
Four Stars
Excellent read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
wonderful prose
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
What an amazing book!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not as good as I hoped.
Fast read, interesting and captivating.
Magnificent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
liked it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful read
Five Stars
buy this and take a few days off
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Should have skipped this one.
Three Stars
Did not work for me.
I thought I would at least like this book
A must read!
So slow. So long. Repetitive.
Did it have to end?!!
Absolutely wonderful story. First-rate writing
Don't miss this one!
The title of this book made me want to read it!
Changed My Life...
Beautifully Written
I did not care for this book
You'll think about the characters long after you finish the book!
A stunning insight into a common persons war from both sides
"All the Light We Cannot See"
Cute!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Special
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
WWII personal history
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love this book!
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Spectacular writing.
Lovely
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
YES!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
beautifully written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Incredible
A book hard to put down
A masterful blend of history and fiction
A Miracle in Language
Mesmerizing!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
wow, you'll love the end
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Well written novel.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
The current story not as believable as the padt
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
extraordinary read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Happy
Heavy
Five Stars
Well worth a read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A story well written
The story of a blind French girl caught up in ...
I am glad that I did not because the overall message was ...
a wonderful, evocative book
An Outstanding Accomplishment
Where's the light???
Beautifully written. Highly emotional content
Visionary blindness
Brilliant
Five Stars
Can't Recommend It Enough!!!
A Blind French Girl and a Genius German Boy in the Throes of WWII
Brilliant
I thought the character development was great. I had a little time tracking the first ...
Beautiful and poignant
another great novel of WWll in Europe.
You're so lucky to be able to read book for the first time.  I'm jealous.
Marvelous Book
Five Stars
Top Books in 2014
Best novel about WWII
Five Stars
Five Stars
Totally enjoyed!
Do not bypass
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Very engaging
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Three Stars
Four Stars
Full and Complex Story set during WWII in France
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A worthwhile read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A wonderful book!
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love every moment of it so far
Disappointing. Skips around too much and they never really ...
Too much hype?
Excellent Read
brillain't lying written
Be prepared to remember one of the worst times in the history of our modern world
Cursed with Light
This story will always stay in my thoughts
Worth More Than 5 Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Keeps you on your toes
Surprisingly brilliant!
One of the best
A stunning disappointment
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Even though Marie-Laure was blind, she and her uncle had a vision as to how to help her country during World War II.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
How lives intertwine.
Four Stars
Four Stars
inspiring
Amazing
Five Stars
Five Stars
A little too wordy
Four Stars
Beautiful writing.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good reading
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
A must read! Wonderfully written and touching!;$
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Fabulous.  You won't be disappointed.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Awesome
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
FASCINATING
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
must reading
Worth every star
mostly from the experiences of two main characters that the reader will come to love. Their haunting experiences are followed fr
Beautifully, delicately told story of the light we carry ...
This book was beautifully written. Initially I found it difficult differentiating the ...
Deserves 6 stars!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Enjoyable read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Interesting
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved this book.
Language Is Light in This Luminous Novel
can turn do terrible things to others
Good book for Young Adults
Beautiful and Compelling
Don't Let This One Get By You
Wordy
A wonderful "Jewel" of a book
Time jumps made me dizzy
Clash of story and writing style is exhausting
Like watching paint dry!
Three Stars
Five Stars
An excellent story and superb writing
Beautiful Read
The love of this father for his blind daughter
Tedious!
Five Stars
A wonderful and terrible story of war, purpose, and love...
Poetry without line breaks
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Hard to follow.
Great Book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
All the Light We Cannot See
Five Stars
Recommend
Five Stars
highly recommend
Alas, a word picture of areas of France
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I would recommend the book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nobody was spared the horrors of the European war.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Super book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Ecellent Book!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great beach read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Writers and Readers --This is a Must Read book...
The BEST book I have read
A gripping and realistic portrayal of a young French woman and young German "soldier" during World War II
Boring and more boring.
An exceptional WWII story
A gorgeous tale of war, family and friends
Didn't Want It To End
A Wonderfully Powerful Novel
Loved the book
Can't wait to read it again
A Five-Plus
I don't get it.
a story of family love more than overcoming genetic  tragedy in the face of a psychotic German war.
Absorbing and memorable
All the Light We Cannot See: A Novel by Anthony Doerr
Very disappointed. Mediocre plot but the book is filled with ...
Tragically disappointing.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Unforgettable.
Four Stars
Amazing story
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Fabulous!  Would buy if it weren't so expensive!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great Light!
what a book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good work of fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved this book
This is an extremely well written novel, with an ...
I loved it. Taking place in Paris
a great original novel about WWII
Amazing journey!
STARDUST AND STORMY WEATHER
Doesn't live up to the hype.
What a wonderful book. The horror and adversities of WWII in ...
Excellent reading,
Werner gets blown away by a mine and Marie although satisfied with her work is basically alone
I enjoyed the writing style very much
One star more than I really thought it deserved
Definitely NO!
DO NOT MISS THIS BOOK!! PAIR IT WITH ANNE FRANK'S DIARY
I enjoyed reading it and found it rather suspenseful
A Multi-Faceted Jewel of a Story!
Beautiful
Love, War and the almost enduring human spirit.
From the beginning you pretty sense what will happen
Beautiful. Perfection.
the pain of war shared through lives written with beauty and sensitivity
Beautifully written
A haunting story that stays with you
Tried twice - still WHAT?? 5 stars??
I was in love with this book
Beautiful and heart-rending
Five Stars
good read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Good story
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of my favorite reads this year!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved it!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Terrific read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Gidt
I love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Beautifully Written Story
Wonderful, touching
This was an amazing book. The language is so beautiful in places ...
Simply a marvelous book! Well written, insightful into ...
A novel to be highly recommended. Lucille Belomy Los Gatos
An amazingly told story
The denouement that followed was like workers cleaning up a football stadium after a big game...
A Glimpse of History and Survival
Enchanting, yet realistic story
Filled with Light
Perseverance and Inventiveness
Nope
What a beautiful rendition!!
All the Light We Cannot See...marvelous!
I really loved this story
A little sad, but a great read.
Definitely a MUST read!!
Absolutely wonderful
Great Read
One of my favorite books ever!
I totally enjoyed reading this novel for its characters
Riveting! Engaging! Fascinating!
This Story Shows Us the Light
not what I consider a good read
Fantastic Storytelling.
Not your traditional love story. It is very powerful in making you ...
"late night shortwave - the province for ramblers and dreamers, madmen and ranters."
A Beautiful Book
Fabulous! This is a book you won't forget
Do not be fooled by the pretty sentences. Most
Moving and stirring read
An excellent read! A rather complex story line is enhanced ...
This is a sad and hopeful read
should have won a Pulitzer
Heroine More Aware than Many With Sight
The writing is outstanding - beautiful descriptions, well rounded characters - and it flows ...
Beautiful Descriptions
This is a beautifully written book with an engaging war time story
Such a good story I had to ration my reading time or ...
This was an excellent book and I was sorry when I reached the ...
amazing, unbelievable book. Explains war and life like nothing else. I was transfixed.
Engrossing read
Much ado about very little.
A lovely lyrical telling of a horrible time in history
Connections
A poetic vision of  war torn Europe
... so much hype about this book with awards and best seller lists
Not the usual WW2 book
I Need Another Star
Some Of The Light is actually Night.
An excellent plot that keeps you engaged with all the characters ...
interesting, well written story
childhood interrupted
Great story!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great story.....lots of wonderful life lessons
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A good story worth reading
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
worth reading.
But keep track of the time changes throughout the novel.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Amazing book
Five Stars
A Good Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A tender and considerate description of two lives in a time of turmoil
It's a struggle!
PSB Phila.
The Chocolate Lava Cake of Literature
A superbly crafted tale.
PS: get your library to carry it too
Five Stars
A WWII thriller...
Kept reading hoping for a big payoff in the end, but alas, not much
Fine writing, but lacks pacing and spareness
The book in slow motion
Naturalism Strikes Again
I did not enjoy it. Found it dragged on and on
Four Stars
Great Book.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Must Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the best books I have ever read.  Heartbreaking account of the horrors of war and the power of  the human spirit.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Best book I've read in a long time!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful characters, great plotting and fabulous writing.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Well written, beautiful Language, great story.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Best book I have read in a while
It should never have won the prize
One Star
Good story but slow start.
War and gloom and doom
poor written, disappointing
It takes you away
but did not like the style of writing
All the Misery We Cannot See
This is a slightly better than average read – light and airy
Unique and Intriguing...
Beautiful, flawed, worth reading
Lots of hoopla around it, little action in it
Disappoining
I was able to easily set it down
Painfully slow . . . .
Lest We Forget
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Book
Four Stars
Best .
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best written book I have ever read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's good!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Intriguing !
READ IT!
Worth it!
Great writing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great
Three Stars
Four Stars
good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really fantastic book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Beautiful story of struggle and endurance
like many such novels
You will continue to think of this book long after you read it!
good book
Three Stars
Intriguing Story
Sheds More Light
Definitely not Hemingway
Disappointed 👎🏻
While the author has excellent skills, the 3 intertwining plots and moving from ...
mixed feelings
Wonderful
Beautifully written, deeply thoughtful
Absolutely loved the book!
Great WWII story.
Amazing
great. summer read
Love, courage, good and evil.
Top 5
great read
Four Stars
Best Book I've Read This Year
A Lovely Book
All the Light We Cannot See is a memorable book
Very well written story that keeps your interest until the end.
A wonderful book
Great story, but needs better character development
Do not buy this book...
Two Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
LOVED IT!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
All the Light We Cannot See
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Fantastic
Five Stars
Five Stars
A wonderful story
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
ejb
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Amazing
Must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent book. Highly recomend
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One of the berst books I've read in a long, long time.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Interesting plot
Five Stars
Loved it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
This has to be one of the most beautiful books I've ever read
One Star
Good story, good writing, but much too drawn out.
closet existentialist -- all that purpose that just goes poof at the end
I loved about 3/4 of this book
One of the Best Books I've Read in a Long Time
I really wanted to love this book
Pretentious
Masterful
Excellent novel a must read
More Than a War Story
beautifully written
A good read, especially for those who many not know ...
All the light we should not see!
This book is way overrated and pretty terrible.
One Star
One Star
I don't understand how anyone could give it 5 stars and consider it the best book they've ever read
Living Through war
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
5 Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
All the Light We Cannot See
Don't Miss This One
Such a Letdown
Nice story - Disappointing Ending
Not worth your  time
Sad tale
Captivating story until the end...
Beautifully written book with excellent character development
A Unique Perspective
A Work of Art
Boring, boring. About 400 pages too long
One of the best!
Excellent story.
Beautifully written
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful!
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The end justifies the means
Not so much
Too much skipping between time frames and events of war ...
No compelling reason to go on
A WWII book you haven't read!
a light in her eyes and in her soul
Such a downer!
Unsatisfying
I became so involved with the story and the wonderfully portrayed characters that I couldn't put this down
Can't see the point.  Really unconnected flouncing inn around with no storyline whatsoever.
I'm recommending this brilliant book to all my friends
I found it hugely disappointing and not Pulitizer Prize-worthy. ...
Struggled to finish
I am truly happy that I read this book
Just OK
Loved this book
A fascinating read
This book is actually a page turner. The setting ...
Did not love this celebrated novel
never recieved by the time i needed it. why ...
Beautifully told story
WWII again although this is a different take on what ...
Three Stars
Not one of my favourite books
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
and a total waste of time
My colleagues genuinely loved this novel
Surviving war one day at a time.
I loved this book ....
but the story did not need the mysterious stone to be a good novel. Thought there would be more interaction between ...
... I am wondering how it has been on the best selling list so long
Good read with a little learning
Love and Trust
Accolades Are Well Deserved
Beautiful writing!
Realistic about the Times.
Not my type of book.
Depressing.
Enjoyed the story and her expertise in writing
"we loved it, too"
and I have read better novels about
I had to read the whole book to find something good about it
Beautiful description of seasons and feelings
Fantastic literature. Doerr's writing is descriptive yet plot driven
This book was recommended to me by an avid reader with whom I ...
Very Slow Book
A Great, Fascinating Read
Good character development tugging at your heart
Make this your next read
Beautifully written. Even if the story was not interesting ...
A good read for those interested in life under Nazi occupation
A beautifully written novel that will survive as a classic
A book of spiritual yearning
This was not a bad read but I did not understand why it had ...
A Must Read you won't forget!
I know I am 9in the minority, but.....
the author weaved multiple story lines together almost seamlessly;
Excellent. I prefer hard copies of books
I really enjoyed the book and how the author switched around the ...
Good Read
Guess I expected too much
I twas very good, but it was sometimes hard to follow
JUMPED AROUND TOO MUCH..... READ ...
Five Stars
Would have liked it more if I hadn't been expecting so much
excellent
I was so bored at 48% through the book
I rarely stop reading books before the end but I ...
Best book I've read in years.
This was a good book, not a great book
My wife read this book in three days and loved it. It was the featured book in her ...
The bad guys, the good ones
Made so clear the deprivations of war and the resilience ...
I cried
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
This book was horrible. Too rambly
All the nights it took me to read this book
Best read this year.
I've recommended it to my book club
Highly recommend.
Redundant!  Confusing. Story has been told before.
Beautiful words...no story
I didn't enjoy the writer's style
and I didn't like the ending which just left me hanging
Very confusing and disappointing.
All the light we cannot see
disappointing
Let down
Could have been fantastic if brought more together at the end
... to much detail about batteries/connectors/receivers etc I would have liked more "story " to have filled those pages -
all the Light we cannot see
four stars
Great Read
I REALLY DIDN'T ENJOY THE BOOK
I was disappointed and I found it hard to read because it ...
Boring
boring
Only stuck with it because it got such good reviews but I regret that I did
Don't Bother
... book is so well written I consider it an amazing piece of art
Like a game of hop scotch
Glad it's over!
Issues with the winner
Rather long
Fantastic book!  Awesome writer!!
Interesting until the ending. I finished reading it two ...
Highly Recommend
a must read for all
Disappointed
It was very nicely written up until the last 10%
Excellent
I really can't understand why people would like this book it was super boring and more like ...
Difficult to put down.  Terrible ending.
The switching back and forth was annoying. I was never quite satisfied about how the ...
Historical Fiction Rocks!
Beautifully written
Eye Opener
Wonderful
Worth the read.
Interesting plot. Ending was more rushed in detail.
Just wasn't a good read. Two story lines
it read like every other ww2 book
Three Stars
Great historical fiction.
I highly recommend it.
Deep reading
do not leave this earth without reading this novel
not as good as I thought.  Can't figure out why it's on best seller list.
Intriguing Story.
Good development of characters but it was too long
Seriously?!?!
I loved the story
This book started out very slow for me. I ...
It just wasn't something that I enjoyed.
never put it down
book about the war
Talented writer, utterly depressing story
Four Stars
Couldn't finish this book - it put me to sleep ...
Excellent.
The last few chapters were very good but laying the groundwork was tiresome
Unoriginal Tragedy-Porn
Very thought provoking, gripping and I learned so much ...
marvelous'
An okay book
Enjoyed the intertwined stories of the two children and how ...
Great read!
Compelling writing!
... interesting story about a period of history that I enjoy reading about
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great read.
perfect
Better than "The Goldfinch."
Truly inspiring read.
Good, interesting story but I felt there was an ...
I Rarely Rate A Book So Highly
Several people told me how good this book was but I guess it isn't my ...
All the light...
Light Revealed
Engrossing
all beautifully and elegantly written
Choppy
Didn't want it to end.
I enjoyed the book
I don't get all the great reviews on this book
Almost as good as The Book Thief
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great story told in a great book.
Descriptive writing style
beautifully written, just enough 'surprises" in story to keep ...
Two Stars
A quite boring story that doesn't become interesting until it is near ...
Three Stars
strange title
The most beautiful story in recent history
too descriptive.
Five Stars
Three Stars
I had a better appreciation of the book
It went on too long, and the subject is ...
Painfully tedious.
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Poetic narrative
a beautiful book to read
I WAS DISAPPOINTED. MAYBE AFTER OUR BOOK DISCUSSION
You MUST read this book.
I really wanted to love this book but it just could not catch my ...
not my favorite read.
I haven't finished it yet, but it is so ...
it was interesting
Friends
Excellent
Somewhat hard to follow
Four Stars
A Must Read
GREAT
A Very Hard Read
Repetitive
the writing is wonderful and a creative 'look' at the effects of
Two Stars
It gave such good insights into human nature and explored the good in ...
Overall it is a good book.
I recommend for all historical novel buffs
Five Stars
You will love it!
Two Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Dragging myself through
Not a great story. Disappointed at best
I know this was a best seller but I found not a very good read
The last 1/4 of the book was a complete disappointment in my opinion
Five Stars
Delightful
Five Stars
Pretty good but....
Two Stars
Loved it!
There is a great deal of depth in this novel
Three Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Not as good as the critics hyped it up to be.
Great read
Wonderful
Great read
One Star
Didn't love it.
Strongly Recommended
Two Stars
the author is great writer of history as well as a writer of
Stunningly good read! So well written as well as a ...
Must read!
Disappointed
Beautiful and sad
Book was very good. Very informative about the French Resistance also
Three Stars
All the light we cannot zzzzzzzz
All the. Light we cannot see
not a very good
Five Stars
Disappointed in ending
I found it to be boring, and couldn't finish it
Three Stars
Just OK
Read it
Definitely a good read!
Four Stars
The ending came together nicely. Mary
Not a favorite
Not an engaging read.
My book club choice
Four Stars
Three Stars
Don't waste your time
Look for something else
I liked it because of the unusual perspective of the youth ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
I am very pleased with it
Don't waste your time.
Couldn't put it down
Three Stars
This was my least favorite book. I did not like the author's style ...
BORING and VERY OVER RATED.  WOULD NOT RECOMMENT
Not as powerful as advertised.
Interesting but depressing
Five Stars
A book worth reading
Worth the Time
Enjoyed the second
Three Stars
Three Stars
Not an easy read
One Star
Five Stars
Outstanding and moving
Great read!
Five Stars
Two Stars
it is a great historical fiction
Not What I Expected
Two Stars
excellent book very descriptive of the late years of World
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Do not bother!
Five Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
I would recommend this to anyone
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
World War II story of a blind girl and her ...
One Star
My nbr 1 book this year!
Uninformed garbage. Write about something that you understand
I found the Nightengale better reading.
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book! Beautifully written
but so far like.
Two Stars
boring
Couples book club
Five Stars
A bit confusing.
One Star
Four Stars
compelling
love the
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Shameless Gravity's Rainbow Rip-Off
Two Stars
Five Stars
Excellent read
Five Stars
Hum Drum
Four Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Thumbs up
way over rated.
Four Stars
Big let down
Five Stars
Must read!
Five Stars
Waste of Time
confusing, exaggerated, negative, don't know what so ...
Must read!
Five Stars
Four Stars
the worst, so incredibly boring with no suspense or interest, and a weird sequence of time
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Wonderful book
Definitely Overrated
One Star
Good read
Four Stars
was not impressed.
Three Stars
Three Stars
Bummer
Pulitzer Prize!
A great book. Had trouble putting it down
Four Stars
Terrific! I loved it from start to finish
Five Stars
book club all liked it.
Five Stars
An Amazing Story
Five Stars
Three Stars
Don't bother
Five Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Very well written, I couldn't put it down!
not great Pace of book was
Two Stars
I was disappointed in this book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
60/40
I enjoyed very much
Four Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Very good read. Thoroughly enjoyable
beautifully written
Four Stars
Five Stars
beautifully written.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
A compelling read...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
If you can't say anything nice don't write a review
Got Prozac?
One Star
Two Stars
Happy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
A goodbook if you like this kind a book, I didn't good writing
Great book! Couldn't put it down
Five Stars
Excellent Read
Three Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Book club choice.
Three Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Disjointed, and slow at times.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Bad ending.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Enjoyed it
Blindsided by "All the Light We Cannot See."
not a fan
????
Two Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Good story
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Story of how two lives can collide under extraordinary circumstances.
Two Stars
Best of 2014?
Dull, dull, dull
Two Stars
Five Stars
This book was disappointing.
Three Stars
Groaner
Five Stars
Five Stars
A good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Never felt like I didn't want to put it down
One Star
One Star
One Star
Five Stars
Truly Wonderful Story, But So Very Sad An Ending
must read
Five Stars
Two Stars
What happened to the diamond?
Read this book!
Must read!
Beautiful
Spoiler alert
Two Stars
One Star
A good start went boring
Three Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
I have seen the light and I am glad I'm done..
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
The blind can see more than the sighted
All the Writing I Cannot Stand
One Star
Two Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
I would not recommend this book
Exquisite prose
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Well deserved Pulitzer Prize winner
Terrific book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Grim Tale of War's Effects on Innocents
Disappointed
Really Tedious
-zzzzzzzz
Disappointing,  good build up.  Lack of ending
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
beautiful story
short story made needlessly long
The book sounds really good to read
The struggles within occupied France
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
One Star
I hated it. Meaningless rambling
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Loved it!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Disappointed the 2 main characters didn't meet until the end ...
Lost artifacts of a horrific War
Not a bestseller in my mind
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
didn't get it
Preview not accurate
Five Stars
all the book we cannot read.
Keep waiting for it to get better.
A Major Disappointment
All the light  we cannot see
Four Stars
Three Stars
I like it
Blah
LOVED the characters & I'm fascinated with the era-should have ...
Interesting read. Handles a well known and difficult topic ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Definitely not light reading...
a great read
Since I am not quite finished with this book I ...
Waste of time
Don't bother.
Five Stars
One Star
loved it
disappointed
This book didn't work for me...
This was a waste of my time and money
My son and daughter-in-law recommended it. They were very thrilled with the book
Predictable storyline that gave a decent account of the life ...
I thought it was boring and pretty slow for a book with short chapters
One Star
Not spectacular
*******
mixed bag
Susan Petrunya
Unbearable
Missing a page!
Five Stars
Five Stars
interesting story in excruciating prolonged detail
Five Stars
Slow so slow---
wonderful
Headline
Disappointing
Lots of filler
Five Stars
Couldn't even get past first couple chapters!
One Star
Not a cheerful book, I know that time in ...
Four Stars
No good wrap up of the story or what happens to ...
Three Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Very difficult to follow. I lost interest very early ...
Wonderful book
Something out of the 1940's propaganda films. Stereotypical characters ...
Critical praiseover the top.
One Star
Two Stars
Boring
One Star
Tedious Read
Looking for the light....
One Star
Five Stars
Three Stars
Strugged through it, would not read again.
Well written, but pace is pedestrian. Not a ...
I'd skip it
One Star
Predictable
Seeing the Light
it became tedious for me and I was overall disappointed in a ...
All The Light We Cannot See
Good (not great) book.
Three Stars
Slow read.
Please read this beautiful book
Three Stars
Novel was great. Delivery took 2 weeks
Four Stars
never boring, original
One Star
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
Two Stars
One Star
boring
I do not recommend thus book for young people
Four Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
I liked the book my only problem was what the author ...
This is not for pleasure reading
Not my type of book! I lived through the ...
too long and overwritten
Why would you spend hours of tedious development of the two main characters and kill one ...
Three Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
dissapointing
One Star
It has so many good reviews, but I find it boring and disjointed
One Star
Three Stars
review:  All the Light We Cannot See
One Star
A tedious read.
Main character is whinny, self-absorbed to the point of ...
Two Stars
Two Stars
One Star
Tmi
ending is depressing
Three Stars
One Star
book about the holicost
No real review
One Star
Two Stars
One Star
Two Stars
Different ww2 book
As soon as I read that the young girl is blind I was like, really
The best book to date 2015
Too wordy. The author is carried away by his ...
One Star
One Star
Five stars
Great book. Good character development
Great
One Star
Two Stars
Eh, I honestly wasn't too impressed
One Star
One Star
One Star
Not able to finish
One Star
not my fav
Wish I hadn't purchased
Just ok.
Beautifully written, full of symbolism and captures the fog ...
I did not like the book
Slow moving and confusing story.
was not pleased with this book
bad review
pass on this book
One Star
Graphic rape was not necessary
177 chapters!!!!
waste of time
One Star
wonderful, detailed descriptions
The CD is in poor quality -- It skips and repeats it self in ...
Don't waste your time
One Star
One Star
Very disappointing
One Star
One Star
One Star
One Star
One Star
could not put it
Good story. Far too much skipping around
Will not work in Text To Speak
I h ave recomeneded it to all those that love to read
TTS Friendly Books
One Star
One Star
Very sad,,
One Star
One Star
One Star
One Star
One Star
Excellent!! Beautifully written
One Star
A poetic journey for the heart, the senses, the soul.