At the advice of another, I skipped the prologue and went straight into the story. That and ignorance of the specific history spared me from knowing what was coming, so I am glad to have read the story first, then the prologue, epilogue, and afterword.<br/><br/>  Miramont's Ghost was an engrossing good read. The story engaged my imagination quickly leaving me with no more pages to turn. The characters were very well developed, deep and completely believable. I felt I could have known these people: Genevieve the living doll, Marie the woman within the hard shell of her own design, Adrienne the sheltered and naive. Furthermore Hall writes beautifully, her words flowing and painting rich imagery. I think I detect the heart of a poet in her composition. For example, page 256, chapter thirty-seven, paragraph two:<br/><br/>"The air in the castle was different, brittle, as if all the secrets that each of them carried were shards of glass, suddenly spilled all over the floor. All three did their best to avoid stepping on anything that held the stab of truth."<br/><br/>  Historical fiction has never been my preferred genre for pleasure reading. I am so glad I gave this one a read. I look forward to seeing more from Hall.
This book is a tough one to review. I really loved Adrienne and her governess Lucie. The writing was good and I loved the element of clairvoyance that was added to the story. That's what gets the review its stars.<br/><br/>However, I can't in good conscience recommend this book to anyone. The last fourth of the novel is basically every macabre event you can imagine with no resolution whatsoever. The morbidity seemed out of place after what I had read for most of the story. Kept wishing for some resolution or at least a little ray of light. Neither were forthcoming.<br/><br/>Apologies to the author who put in hard work, just couldn't stand how the book made me feel.
Depressing. Boring. Pointless. This wasn't even a good ghost story.
The beginning of this book was wonderful. Young Adrienne was discovering the world around her with the excitement and joy of childhood. Her life was filled with love from her grandfather and her nanny. The only problem was she had "visions". Having no one to guide her through her awakening clairvoyance, she struggled with loneliness and depression. Following the death of her grandfather, she is determined never to speak of her visions again. From this point the novel seemed to lose its steam and ever so slowly moved to a fizzle of an ending.
Adrienne Beauvier, granddaughter to the Count of Challembelles has always had visions, a gift of clairvoyance, just like her grandmother.  To a young Adrienne, her visions are nothing but fun stories and insights into the lives of others. However, to most everyone else, Adrienne's visions cause distress and they believe her to be troubled, much like her late grandmother was.  Adrienne's Aunt Marie, a domineering and manipulative force in the family is especially unsettled by Adrienne's stories of her visions and does not want any more rumors about her family flying around their small French town.  As Adrienne grows, the two people in her life who provided security with her gift are taken away from her.  Aunt Marie believes she has the perfect solution to the her family's issues with Adrienne; she will bring Adrienne to her home in Colorado, the newly built Miramont Castle, to live with her cousin, the Father Julien Morier.  Once Adrienne arrives at Miramont, however, she realizes that there are no limits to her Aunt's meddling ways.<br/><br/>This book was not at all what I expected, but I was still on the edge of my seat the entire way through.  First of all, this is not a story of a haunted house, but rather about how the life of a person might cause them to haunt a house.  Adrienne's story is tragic and there is no happy ending here, even though at points the story seems similar to a fairy tale with an evil aunt, a  locked away gifted girl and the hopes of prince charming coming to the rescue.  This is a story the grows with suspense and has many little mysteries, from Adrienne's first visions there is a growing feeling that something just isn't right. The writing does a beautiful job adding to the foreboding atmosphere, there is a lyrical prose and abundant detail to set the scene and create the unease of the characters surrounding Adrienne.  Most interesting to me was that the story included many true details from the actual building of Miramont Castle and the actual mysteries surrounding the building intrigued me even more.  Overall, Miramont's Ghost is an emotional, tense and unsuspected read for someone not looking for a happy ending.<br/><br/>This book was provided for free in return for an honest review.
2.5, rounded up<br/><br/>POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD. Kudas to Ms. Hall for tackling such an ambitious project. She’s a good writer, for the most part, and she obviously did a considerable amount of research for this historical novel. However, it would’ve benefited greatly from rigorous content editing.<br/><br/>The plot is off-balance and poorly paced. Fully the first half of the novel crawls through character introductions and backgrounds. It’s also rife with descriptive passages and interior monologues that quickly become repetitive and tedious. Much of this fat should’ve been trimmed. All it does is weigh down the storyline and keep it from going anywhere. I nearly lost interest.<br/><br/>We also see the main characters devolve into stereotypes: an increasingly weak and passive heroine; her uncaring mother; an iron-willed Cruella De Ville aunt and the oily son who panders to his wicked mama’s every wish; a white knight of a suitor; a doting grandfather too enfeebled by age to do much of anything but die (rather conveniently, just as the suitor rather conveniently lives far, far away); a loving governess-cum-BFF whom the conniving aunt recognizes as a threat and thus sends packing.<br/><br/>Just past the halfway point, the author spikes the reader from Nothing’s Happening to Gothic Melodrama. Crushed by the weight of her nonstop misfortune, which gets downright grotesque, the heroine becomes even more of a dishrag until she can’t even stand herself anymore. The single worst part of the novel, though, is the meandering epilogue. It’s embarrassingly awkward, even silly, especially when resolution comes (very abruptly) in the form of lyrics from a Disney song. I was also left wondering if the “ghost’s” bones were ever discovered, and why this fairly obvious question was never answered.<br/><br/>Throw in occasional anachronistic dialogue, and I’m afraid I was more disappointed than satisfied with Miramont’s Ghost. But at least it kept me reading, and I still think Ms. Hall has a good deal of potential as a writer.
Very well written, well rounded story.  Not the usual predictability you would have in these types of stories.  I could feel the characters as if I was there.  Would definitely suggest this book to others.
Spoiler alert.<br/><br/>I got this book for free as part of kindle first. I like historical fiction, so I chose this book over the other offerings. I knew immediately that the quality of the writing wasn't very high; it felt like it was written by a teenager. I continued reading because I hoped the story would be interesting. I was wrong. As I was reading I had a hard time understanding the events because there was no motivation on the part of the characters. Why was Marie kidnapping her niece? Why didn't Adrienne's mother ever defend her? The characters were just so flat that I couldn't buy their behaviors, and the story that depended on them just didn't make sense to me. At the end, when things finally start to get interesting, Adrienne kills herself and the story rapidly comes to a close. There was literally nothing for me to care about after that happened. Not that I cared much before; the author gave me very little reason to.<br/><br/>Every plot point in the book was kind of like that--as soon as it got interesting it was over abruptly and never resolved.<br/><br/>The book was full of weak female characters. Disappointing.
I like a story where there are ups and downs,  this story's hero starts with a sad life and when there is a glimmer of better things coming her way, it gets worst and and her life is a continued journey down.  Everything is taken from her and there is no light in sight.  It gets so bad I had to stop reading it because I was getting depressed!  If I go back to it I'll finish this revue,  but honestly no one could keep living with the sadness that surrounds this girl and the horrible people who are so evil as to take away every bit of happiness from her life.  I'm a writer and I truly feel that you have to leave something good in a story, when all you have left is hopelessness, I can't see anyone, even a made up person, who would continue to live like that.  Everyone needs something to hang on to.  Ms. Hall is a good writer, but please add more hope, you can't take it all away.  When your story depresses the reader you need to rethink how you write it. I went back and finished reading this book and it was all down hill.  I recommend this book to anyone who wants to be depressed, nothing good happens to the girl in this story.  It is so sad, I can't imagine anyone living with so much heartache, not one good thing happens to the main character in this story, everyone she loves is taken from her or dies and the two people responsible for all this misery, well they just go away and nothing really bad ever happens to them.  They run away from what they've done and that's it!  I doubt I would ever read another book written by this author!
A most thought provocative story based on true events that occurred in the 1800's.  I finished reading this yesterday and have been thinking about it off and on since then. Many things happened to Adrienne in her early years which set the tone for her despair.  Her Grandfather was a gem and one of her go to people when things were really dark and dreary.  Her governess, Lucie, also had a positive role in her formative years.  So, despite her truly dark times she had some good memories to fall back on later.  And, these memories did give her strength and a will to live during her time in America.<br/><br/>I thought the story was well written and the characters were well defined.  There was a lot of background information that needed to be written into the plot so the story would flow correctly.  After I finished the story, I was doing some soul searching on several items...one was how far would I go to protect a family member if I knew they had committed a horrendous act and if I was in Adrienne's situation how long could I maintain hope?<br/><br/>A most thought provocative read and most highly recommended.
This may be a well-written piece of historical fiction, but it is beyond tragic; it is very depressing and cruel.
I love the author's idea to build a fictional story around this fascinating, real building in Colorado using some of its history.  The story began well with an interesting heroine and supporting characters.  The author writes well.  Somewhere in the middle, though, the story started to fall apart for me.  The evil character frightened everyone around her, we're told, but all we really see her do is be bossy with the servants and dominate the dinner conversation.  When she did actually start to manipulate things, her actions and motivations didn't really make sense to me. I can't give details without spoiling the plot, but there were lots of times when I would have liked to have asked the author some clarifying questions.  Bad things continued to happen without anyone doing anything at all to try to better the situation.  It was difficult for me to maintain interest in a story whose heroine was a completely helpless victim.<br/>I was really in the mood for a good historical ghost story so I wish the book had continued to build from its promising beginning but, unfortunately, I can't really recommend this one.
This was one of the worst books I have ever read. It begins well and then begins a grotesque downturn while simultaneously manipulating the reader into thinking there will be a satisfying conclusion. There is none. The author slowly takes away all hope and pleasure, until nothing but a sense of nausea, wasted time, and dissatisfaction is left.<br/><br/>I would appreciate an apology from Amazon for putting this on my "recommended for you" list.
I kept waiting for the main character to find a way out of her situations, but it never came. I didn't feel that she really grew or evolved during the story either.  I found it compelling until I was about 80% done, and then it seemed like all of the characters just gave up hope.  I thought that the name of the book does a disservice to the reader, because you don't hear anything about a ghost until the epilogue.  Don't waste your time!
The brief history around which the fiction is wrapped is mildly interesting, but the fiction is little more than a long, drawn exposition of characters that barely matter and a depressing, hopeless protagonist with a gift that ultimately does nothing to propel the story, used only loosely to provide unbelievable motive for the primary antagonist.<br/><br/>Cannot recommend this, and wish I'd spent my time with another novel.
The premise of this book was very interesting, but it never seemed to get entirely off the ground. I was intrigued by its being inspired by history, but I think that worked against the book in some respects, as clinging to a somewhat faithful fictionalization of the castle imposed constraints on the book that ultimately left it less satisfying than it could have been. Some spoilers to follow, including an important plot point.<br/><br/>It's very hard to like some of these characters because they are so passive. In particular, I despised Genvieve. I saw no reason for her to constantly cower before Marie, not when Genvieve could have used her assets to her advantage. Just once I wanted to see her take a stand, but the only time she does so, it plays directly into Marie's hands, and Genvieve knows it. Why give her what she wants?<br/><br/>Why does the comtesse commit suicide? This revelation made no sense to me at all. Did she actually foresee her death, as the comte recollects, or is that the story he tells himself to feel better? I find this aspect of the story very hard to parse as it's unclear just why the comtesse was so desperate that she took her own life. She is miserable during her pregnancy, but her misery seems tied to her premonitions, which is what makes the big reveal so confusing. Did she feel like she had to go through with it because she'd foreseen it? It might have done the novel more service to omit this plot twist.<br/><br/>Both Lucie and the comte let me down. The both supposedly love Adrienne, but neither of them takes any real steps to try to help her. It was as if they were both just too lazy to go for it, something I found really strange. It seems to me that when you love someone, you will bend over backward to try to protect them, regardless of the circumstance. Especially given the comte's experiences with his own wife, I'd have thought he'd feel more of a sense or urgency to protect Adrienne.<br/><br/>Marie's powers seemed very disproportionate. She's little more than a bully, and the problem is she has no real substance with which to blackmail people. Yes, she does know things about Genvieve's husband that Genvieve doesn't want to know, but that didn't seem to me like incentive enough for Genvieve to just passively let Marie take off with her daughter. Lucie's predicament makes more sense as she's Marie's social lesser and has no real power against her, but even there it seemed Lucie could have swayed Adrienne's father. The whole time I was reading I couldn't shake the belief that if someone would just show a little backbone with Marie, she wouldn't know how to react and so would lose whatever illusory power she seemed to hold over everyone else.<br/><br/>Adrienne is sympathetic at times, but also has a tendency to become a mopey sad sack. Her sense of isolation and loneliness made sense, but since a good portion of it was self-imposed, it was a little hard to feel sorry for her at times. I also found her character a bit uneven as she sometimes makes feeble attempts to stand up for herself but then immediately backs down again. Particularly at the end, when she literally has nothing left to lose, it's strange to me that she meets her fate with such passivity. I also really wish the whole thing with Julien hadn't happened because it just felt nasty, and more like an excuse to push Adrienne over the edge than anything else.<br/><br/>I think one of the biggest problems with this book is that it meanders. There's a lot of build up before it reaches the actual heart of the plot, and that makes it feel like it's more than one book. The whole first half of the book that takes place in France is a really drawn-out setup for the showdown that ultimately takes place in Colorado. I didn't dislike the first portion of the book, but it felt like it hadn't been developed as much as it should have been. Adrienne's clairvoyance could have made for an interesting novel in its own right, but instead it becomes a big plot device used to tie her character to the events at Miramont. Why? If the idea was to write a fictionalized account of what happened at Miramont, why even bother with Adrienne? Julien and his mother are more than sick and repulsive enough to drive the plot on their own. Instead, Adrienne's inclusion makes this book feel like a weird mashup of paranormal fiction and a historical mystery. It ultimately doesn't quite deliver on either premise.<br/><br/>For a good portion of this book I was invested and interested to see what happens next, but things really seemed to fall apart at around the 85% mark, which was disappointing. I think this could have been a good novel had the focus been slightly different.
TRIGGERS: rape, incest, pedophilia<br/><br/>Thankfully, I did not have to spend money on this book. I received it through the Kindle First program.<br/><br/>It took far more alcohol than I want to admit to get through that book.<br/><br/>The story had potential, true, but it had potential in the way that Jane Eyre had potential over 150 years ago – except Jane Eyre lived up to it’s potential.<br/><br/>Miramont’s Ghost, essentially, failed.<br/><br/>Let’s start with the most glaring issue. Yeah, it may be a spoiler, but I’d rather “spoil” this than have some unsuspecting reader stumble upon this with no advance warning: the rape. By her cousin. After remembering some kind of pre-molestation behavior from when she was a child.<br/><br/>Fine, I get it. Something had to send her over the edge. Then again, the way she was going, realizing what was being done to her, maybe not. Maybe the rape was as completely, utterly pointless as it seemed. Not even a claim of being historically “accurate” would fly by me right now. The girl’s life was completely and utterly dreary. We get it.<br/><br/>No, really, we do. Absolutely HORRIBLE.<br/><br/>There’s absolutely nothing noteworthy about this book, aside from some glaringly inaccurate statements about things that make me really question how much the author cared about being “accurate” aside from the “history.” Even in the end, all we’re treated to is some ridiculously long and pointless diatribe about how she’s trapped and the ones who perpetuated her misery are gone and escaped, and, wait, oh my god, a revelation! She can let go! She’s free! She’s no longer a ghost!<br/><br/>To Summarize:<br/><br/>Adrienne, our heroine, is clairvoyant (which also has absolutely nothing to do with the story except to possibly be the reason for all her misery). Her grandfather, governess and eventually a man named Gerard are the only people who really care about her. Her aunt is suspicious of her and wants her to stay quiet. Her mother is spineless and her father is an adulterous bastard.<br/><br/>Adrienne looses her grandfather, looses her governess thanks to said adulterous bastard, looses Gerard thanks to scheming bitch of an aunt. Then bitch aunt tells spineless mother that she’s taking Adrienne to the US to live with her and her son, the pedophile priest who can do no wrong in the eyes of his mother.<br/><br/>Bitch aunt tells rest of the family Adrienne drowned on the trip. She’s trapped. She’s brought to Miramont under the guise of bitch aunties maid, and is treated as such. She is given a room in servants quarters. She cleans, tends to the bitch aunt, all while hoping her love Gerard will come save her or plotting an escape.<br/><br/>Of course, her trying to watch pedophile priest/cousin gives him the wrong idea. After bitch aunt increases suffering of Adrienne intentionally, dear cousin takes it upon himself to act on delusions he’s created around his “whore cousin” constantly watching him.<br/><br/>Eventually Adrienne tries to kill herself and succeeds, after which bitch aunt returns to France and pedophile priest has to flee due to his pedophile’s ways leaking to the general public. But not after sealing Adrienne’s body away since the ground was too hard to dig. *snorts*<br/><br/>Then we reach the end, where we receive the aforementioned pointless diatribe to a ridiculously unsatisfying ending. In fact, the whole damn book was one of the least satisfying I’d ever read, and isn’t worth the energy to say anything more about it.
Miramont's Ghost grabbed me from the prologue, and I couldn't help but wonder about Adrienne and what her story was. Well the beginning chapters introduces us to Adrienne a young girl who can see visions, and those visions are often secrets that others don't want told especially her Aunt Marie. When Marie moves Adrienne from France to America the young girl's life takes a horrible turn.<br/><br/>This story was really quite different from what I expected it to be. I was fascinated by the fact that it is based on a real place Miramont Castle. It really is a fictionalized tale of how a place can become haunted, because of the things that occur within. While parts of the story plodded along for me, I was compelled to learn what ultimately happens.The ending was something I really didn't expect and kind of left me wishing for something different. Overall  I really have mixed feelings about Miramont's Ghost, while the author was able to evoke emotion they were often sad and dark. I did feel deep empathy for Adrienne and wanted better for her but sadly it wasn't to be. She was also able to make me feel hate and disgust for Julian and Marie. I enjoyed the historical aspects and reading this story really makes me want to learn more about Miramont Castle. I would caution there are a few sexual situations in the story. Miramont's Ghost isn't a happily ever after tale, instead its a haunting tale that left me feeling sad for the main character.<br/><br/>A  complimentary copy of this book was provided for review
This was the most boring, depressing book I've ever read!  The author seemed to be making the same points over & over & over again:  Genevieve is a vapid twit, Marie is a nasty manipulative witch, Lucie is a saint, Adrienne is an innocent ingenue, Julien is strange, Grand-Pere is wise.  BORING!  Nothing progresses, no one evolves, "surprise" plot points are introduced & then abandoned.This is NOT a ghost story (except for the final 2 pages)) and NOT a mystery (except for the mystery of why I continued to read this junk!).  This is one of the few books that I've skimmed through the last half just so I could be done with it.  To finally arrive at the "That's It???" ending.  I get that the author is trying to include all the elements of the historical facts, but some "mysteries" just aren't that interesting.  This is one of them. There are too many untalented "authors" out there, self-publishing their "work" along with glowing reviews from readers who wouldn't recognize good writing if it walked up & introduced itself! !  It annoys me that I wasted my money on this poor excuse for a novel.  If you are looking for a truly interesting book, based on historical fact, read "The Last Days of Dogtown".
I'll start off by saying that this isn't the type of book I would normally read. I was pleasantly surprised when within a few chapters I was very drawn into the character's personal stories. I found my imagination very caught up in the images and environment.<br/>This isn't a terribly fast paced book, but by no means is it slow or boring. I enjoyed the read very much, almost wishing the book could go on longer, even though the story was finished.<br/><br/>The only warning I would give anyone is this, and it may be considered spoiler material, so beware.<br/>In the last half of the book there are just a few disturbing scenes concerning sexual molestation, and then it moves on to the emotional consequences. This could pose two problems in my mind. One is that people may not want to read it due to their personal tastes, but more importantly it could be difficult or even painful for someone to read if they have had that type of experience, as it seems all too real.<br/>This doesn't detract from the book in my opinion, and it in fact strengthened my emotional attachment to want to find out what happens next.<br/>I do think it should put the book out of reach of younger readers though.
I have never been moved so much by a book to publicly review it...until now.<br/>I completely devoured Miramont's Castle.  I almost didn't read it because of some of the reviews.  But I am so glad I changed my mind.<br/>This is not a Disney story. It's dark and disturbing at times. But the author did such a wonderful job bringing the scenes to life that you can't help but admire her visualizations.<br/>To those reviewers that complained that a certain scene was brutal and unnecessary, I thought the author did a fine job of describing the reality of the situation without being overly graphic.  And, yes, that scene was necessary to portray the helplessness.<br/>To those that complained about the ending...the ending is historical fact. Life does not always get wrapped up with a tidy bow.<br/>Part of my enjoyment I'm sure it's because I grew up in Colorado Springs, just a few miles from the castle and I currently live in New Mexico.<br/>The author definitely did her homework and brought history to life.<br/>After more than 30 years, my favorite book of all time has been replaced with Miamont's Ghost.
This novel started off well. A clairvoyant child sets up much conflict and tension between the family and the people in town. The memory of the clairvoyant grandmother is just starting to disappear from memory. You follow the child as she grows up and struggles to hide this gift.<br/><br/>The novel starts in France, but from the write up readers know there is a castle in the US with a hidden dead body in the story. The story slows down from the start until about the 70% point when the story shifts to the US. The story moves quickly to the castle and a hidden dead body.<br/>At the end, the author provides the information upon which the story is based. You can see how well she tailored the storyline to fulfill that information. Unfortunately, the middle half was very slow. It was so slow that I stopped twice to read other books.<br/><br/>My major criterion for five-star review is that the story compels me to continue reading. I do not want to put it down. This book does not come anywhere near to meeting this criterion. For that reason, I give this work a three-star review.
In the beginning, I really enjoyed the book. I would probably give the first half of the book 8 stars - it followed along the child hood of the main character and developed the very story well with a lot of interesting historical information. The second half of the book I would give a negative rating if possible. It was very depressing - some of the things that happened to the main character were quite violent and there was no resolution for her struggles. Call me unrealistic or whatever, but I like when the main character has a happy ending or when things are at least things are finalized.  In this, nothing happened to the antagonists, and our main character, who I really liked, was left in a very bad place (I don't want to completely give the ending away for anyone that does read the book).  I probably should have put the book down long before I finished it. I just kept hoping that poor Adrienne would get some sort of final solution or revenge or something… Oh well, definitely not my kind of book.
If you are a devout Roman Catholic, you may not want to read this book. On the other hand you may want to read it just to see why I would want to forewarn you. This novel is set in the latter part of the 19th century and spans two continents. The plot is darkly fascinating and pulls the reader into the main character's plite. The supernatural aspects of clairvoyance and ghosts are involved so you may want to avoid the book if you aren't "into" those. The story IS historical fiction based on the basic facts surrounding Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs, Colorado. As a native of that state I was immediately intrigued. The research by Elizabeth Hall becomes the basic outline of the plot. I recommend that you read the novel prior to reading the author's notes about the history of the castle or researching the castle online. It is uncanny how some of the fantastic events in the novel are actually fact based....Another case of fact being stranger than fiction. As this novel is based on explaining the purported ghost in Miramont castle, it does stretch the truth and engages the imagination of the reader in a dark way. A very engaging, although somewhat dark read to be recommended to those not faint of heart.
Well written story that leaves you turning page after page wondering what is going to happen. I read the book in a day as I couldn't put it down.
This book was so bad and such a sicko waste of time it made me angry. Poorly written, disgusting and depressing story with no redeeming value.
This chronicles the sad life of one young women.  Very well written. Paints a great picture of this time in history.  Enjoyed it thoroughly.
Enjoyed this book very much. Easy read, very descriptive,hard to put down. Historical in many aspects. I live in this area of the southwest.
The story is lost in  bad writing.  Phrases and descriptions are very repetitive and unimaginative.  I could not get past the poor writing.
This chilling story is a thrilling mix of fact and fiction that slowly seduces the reader into its web of mystery and family intrigue.<br/>  A few months ago I was privileged to participate in a guided tour of Miiramont Castle through the Colorado Historical Society, and so I was more than eager to read this book when it was released.  I was fascinated to see how seamlessly the author was able to weave together the factual history of Miramont Castle with her captivating fictional story of Adrienne and her family.  The authors careful research is evident in her depiction of Miramont, Manitou, and Colorado during that time period.<br/>  Though this is a fictional story, some of the factual history revealed in the "Epilogue" may surprise you!  The book is a "page-turner" that will keep you interested right to it's startling conclusion.  In my humble opinion it is very deserving of five stars.
The moral of this story is if life gives you lemons then try, without any real conviction, to even cut the lemons to make lemonaid but at the first tiny obstacle, give up completely, feel sad for yourself and then slit your wrists with the very same knife. I kept waiting to see this well bred well read clairvoyant french genteel to use her powers and fight for her freedom, for her identity. But she didnt. She kept waiting for some guy she barely knew to come to her rescue. The powers were useless, they didnt help anyone oncluding herself. The visions she had made no sense in the story and didnt lead anywhere other than to dead ends. Side plots were left unresolved. Overall the story was porly constructed but it would have been a good read if the author had only dared to step into fantasy which this book deserved. Not worth the money for me.
I must sit here and take a deep breath before I write this review...... Now, I must admit this is the most dark, compelling and disturbing book I have ever read yet I simply couldn't put it down!  If this is Elizabeth Hall's first book, I can't wait for her next one.  The character development and story line is so good that my heart completely ached for Adrienne from her first introduction to the end of her story.  The characters around her that were so completely evil, and victimized her as she grew up did so because she was clairvoyant and knew things that these vicious people did not want known.  This is a story of "historical fiction" but the author has taken the history part and woven the fiction part so convincingly into the facts that you, as the reader, will really wonder just how much is actually fiction!  I know I did!
Well written with a dynamic plot. I would definitely recommend it to a friend. One of the best books I've read in quite a while.
This is without a doubt the worst book I have read to date.  The only positive is that I was able to borrow it for free from Amazon Prime Kindle Library.  Even a one-star rating is undeserved.  What started out as an intriguing and promising story quickly sank into a depressing soap opera about an extremely dysfunctional family.  Every time there was hope for a positive or redeeming change in the story, it was quickly crushed with despair and disappointment.  Then the last third of the book completely dove off a cliff into a dark, perverted and sinister abyss.  I finished the book because I kept hoping that something worthwhile would crop up the 11th hour, but it never did.  And there were really no likable characters with the exception of Grand-pere, Gerard and young Adrienne.  Much too dark, too depressing.  I do not recommend.
I was immediately pulled into the world depicted in Miramont's Ghost, and it held my attention to the very end.  It is beautifully written historical fiction.  Elizabeth Hall deftly weaves the fictional tale of Adrienne, a clairvoyant French girl, into the well researched history of Miramont Castle.  It's not a ghost story in the traditional sense, as most of the book is about Adrienne and her family.  Hers is not a happy story, and some scenes are disturbing, but they fit in with the increasingly menacing tone of the book.  It is nicely plotted with well developed characters, some positively evil!<br/><br/>If you want a mood lifter, pass this one by, but if you don't mind the darker content, this is a great read!  I normally read murder mysteries, so this was a good fit for me.  I look forward to reading Hall's next book!
The writing was great  I  couldn't put the book down. I prefer happier endings. I think that there could have been more.
I don't write many book reviews because I don't find many compelling enough to write about. Without going into the plot that you can read many places, I will tell you the story kept me turning the pages. I think the author did an excellent job of handing out tidbits of motives, actions, etc. like Alfred Hitchcock did in his movies that built up the suspense. I must say that I was disappointed with the ending, but after I found out the story is loosely based on fact, I could understand the ending. I really wanted a white knight to save Adrienne for a happy ending. The plot didn't bog down, making me want to skip pages. It didn't have pages and pages of explicit sexual scenes that seem to be the norm nowadays. I always looked forward to being able to pick the book up to read again.
This is an engaging 19th century gothic story about a French girl, Adrienne, who is plagued from a young age by clairvoyant visions. She is descended from a man who built the imposing Miramont Castle some years earlier, a fortress in Colorado with some dark secrets. Her aunt is determined that she be silenced, and manages to imprison her in the castle. However, nothing can stop Adrienne's clairvoyance and it seems inevitable that the family secrets will surface.<br/><br/>Most of this was well-written, and the author succeeds in conjuring up a sense of place. It is a satisfying story, but readers should be warned that it is very dark in places, with graphic descriptions of abuse. The fact that there is historical research behind the book adds interest.
I would have given this 5 stars if I hadn't hated the ending. Ms Hall tells a very intriguing story of a French upper class family, in the mid 1800's, with a bit of a troubled past. A wicked aunt, a clueless mother, a loving grandfather and an extraordinary young girl. It is truly delightful until it isn't. There are readers who will love the ending of this book, personally I have enough with terrorists attacks, war, the government, etc. that I read to escape the chaos not add more to it.<br/>If I had known before buying it, I certainly wouldn't have. If you honestly don't mind living through more pain & sorrow, then this is the book for you. It is extremely well written, very interesting, all the elements of excellent writing. I just hated it.
I was thoroughly disgusted by the story.  I feel like Ms Hall's goal was to insult and hurt me.  She succeeded.
Great book! It's not a very long read but it deviates entirely from the typical storylines you'll see. Very well written. The beginning was a bit hard for me because it felt like the author was trying too hard, but it definitely picked up. Great characters, great character development. It was interesting to see how it all came together. I do not want to spoil this for anyone, but there is a rape scene and pedophilia is something that becomes central to the plot towards the end of the book. Something truly amazing about this book is that it's not entirely fiction. Well worth the read.
I love a good gothic story.  Regardless of whether or not this was inspired by actual historical figures, it was also one of the dreariest things I've ever read, taking on the modern problem of pedophile priests, and written in the voice of VC Andrews.<br/><br/>There were only a dozen pages remaining when the heroine killed herself, or I would have stopped reading.  Now, though, I have filled the #1 spot on my list of the worst books I have ever read.<br/><br/>I'd have started this with "spoiler alert", but there's truly nothing to spoil.
Absolutley Awful! If this is the caliber book selected for Prime then Prime books are a complete rip off. I read it all only because I rarely discard a book unfinished. Depressing, poorly written, repetitive, unimaginative. Complete waste of time. Makes me think that reviews are bogus. Only interest I could see is if you lived in Colorado Spgs., and wanted some idea of the house. Even then this is an awful book, complete with gratuitus sexual violence. Giving 1 star only because I can't give 0. The author should give up writing.
This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  I didn't even finish it.  I got about halfway through it and never once did anything good or happy happen in the book.  It was a good up to about midway, then I put it down because it was making me sad for the main character that everything that ever happened in her life was a tragedy. It is not exactly a ghost story, it is a story of ghosts of the past.  I do not recommend anyone reading this book unless you want the same dark feeling I have been left with from it.
It was a great story, very well written. Just not a very uplifting book. I don't always think a novel should have "a happily ever after ending" but there was not any happiness for the main character and it left me a little depressed! But like I said the author did a great job of telling the story and kept me interested up until the very end and I would definitely read more of her work she seemed to show a lot of talent in her writing!<br/>  ( I read at least 2 books a week and I would not steer u wrong)
This book had so much potential! The writing was good and I loved that it was based on true events and a real location. The problem however was that it was unrelentingly sad and disturbing! It just did not let up and it went from one bad thing to the next worse thing and so on and so on. My other problem was that the main character just seemed to let everything happen to her, there were so many times when she could have actually done something instead of just going along with what was being done to her.
i enjoyed the beginning, thought I was in for a treat, but soon the story became a difficult slog, and about a quarter of the way in, I just couldn't make myself read anymore. Boring. Tedious. Bland. And add to that a writer who insists on incorrectly placing commas in sentences that aren't compound and thereby creating sentence fragments galore, I simply couldn't read another page. This was just a big mess of a book with no redeeming qualities. I'm so relieved to be moving on to something else.
I got to the end of this book and couldn't think of why it was written the way it was- or why I had bothered to read it. It was as if the first two thirds of the book were written for a completely different reason, and then shoe-horned into another story all together in order to tie it in with actual historical people.  Perhaps I would feel differently if I hadn't found the last bit of the book so depressing and awful. It's too bad: I really enjoyed it when I first started reading.
I am giving it a three only because it had me interested most of the way through. My issue is mainly because of some unanswered questions and for hopes that were all a letdown in the end. It was intriguing enough that several days after reading I have been curious about the history of Miramont's castle and the happenings there. There are also some very disturbing scenes in this book. In the end, I don't feel better after reading but more depressed. I wouldn't read it again.
In what I learned was her first novel, Ms Hall captivated my interest in her well written mystery immediately! I randomly chose the novel from Kindle selections and became intertwined in the characters, the settings, and the plot.  This story was in no way predictable, as many mysteries are...it was difficult for me to put down...loved the development of the characters into whom she believed they were so long ago....makes me very interested in traveling to CO. Great read!
Historical fiction has always grabbed my interest. This story combines fact, fiction, and family intrigue. Set in France and traveling to the US, the storyline shows the twists, turns and atrocities caused by family secrets. Just when you think things are looking up for Adrienne things turn dark. A gripping tale rooted in the past with a message for now. Truly enjoyed the ability to escape into this tale.
And then after an intense tale, bringing one to a precipice, it all came crashing down...for me.  I guess I'm a romantic, so in order not to spoil the ending, suffice it to say, I was very let down, disappointed!  It was well written,  and seemed to promise the reader something special; seemed to be going somewhere.  But it crash landed; deflated.  Sorry, but wonder if anyone else felt the same.
This book was a prepublication book offered to Amazon Fire readers.  It is based on some true facts which really added to the story.  I sat up to finish the book because I was intrigued about the ghost.  I don't usually read ghost stories but this book kept my attention throughout.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical fiction with an unusual and unexpected story.
I really love books in which you care about the characters, when you love them and wish them well, and when you hate them and wish something horrible on them.  The characters in this book were very compelling in that way.  Add to that the historical and geographical interest and I could not put it down.  Reading it makes me want to visit the castle and see if the ghost is there!
I, like most, thought the story started off interesting.  It was building up to something good, and then the most unsatisfying ending ever.  Kind of like Julien's first encounter with the French prostitute. At any rate, this was nothing like what I thought it would be and I am glad I did not pay for it.  I do not recommend it to anyone looking for a fulfilling book to read.
Full of surprises.  The biggest one being that it is based on real facts.  The e-book version had some editing errors in the beginning but nothing noticeable after that.  This was one of those books that I found hard to put down.  Finished reading at 5:00 AM this morning.  The characters appeared real even before I knew it was based on fact.  I will recommend to others.
I've read some disturbing books over the years but this one went frankly overboard. It was depressing, dark, and upsetting. I've already removed it from my device since I never intend to read it again. I felt the story wound up the tension of the characters as it should, but the ending was disappointing. I expected more of a ghost story, not what it ended up being.
Before I got halfway through this book, I went back to read reviews to see if anyone else struggled with this book.  It was tedious reading.  The author never really seemed to get to any point.  It was rambling and depressing and a complete waste of time.  Well, maybe not a complete waste, because from now on, I'll pay closer attention to reviews before purchasing.
Whether you are talking about the lack of understanding suffered by those who have second sight and are not sure if it is a blessing or a curse.  And those who suffer from a member of their family that is a pedophile, a lot was suffered by this French family and the sad way they handled it.  But before you pass judgement, consider what you would have done in their timeframe and societal standing.  This is based on a true story of a castle in Colorado.
I have always enjoyed historical fiction and this one did not disappoint. The story starts in France with a young child who sees the future. Unfortunately she blurts out everything she "sees".  She learns to control herself and it does look like she may be able to live a normal life. But---  There is a surprise at the end that just seems right. I highly recommend.
I am a sucker for a good book based on a true story. Writers who can take an incident and spin off an imaginative story from it always impress me. The Book Club Beach Club recently read The Girl Who Came Home, based on a story of fourteen people from a small Irish village who were on the Titanic, and I just finished Elizabeth Hall's Miramont's Ghost, about a reported haunted castle in Manitou Springs, Colorado.<br/><br/>Young Adrienne lives in her grand-pere's castle in countryside of France, with her mother Genevieve. Her father is a diplomat who works in Paris and they rarely see him. Her aunt Marie is a malevolent presence, striking terror in the hearts of the servants, and her family as well.<br/><br/>Adrienne has the gift (or curse) of second sight. She can clearly see visions of things that will happen, but at the age of seven is too young to know not to speak of them in public. Her grandmother had the same gift, and the entire village shunned her. Adrienne's grand-pere fears the same will happen to Adrienne.<br/><br/>Lucie, Adrienne's governess, began writing Adrienne's visions in a journal, and the discovery of this journal has repercussions. Marie convinces Genevieve that it would be in Adrienne's best interests for her to accompany Marie to America to stay with Marie's son Julien, a parish priest who built a big castle for himself in Manitou Springs, Colorado. Marie's evil intentions become clear when she imprisons Adrienne in the castle.<br/><br/>Hall weaves an intriguing story, likened by many to the classic Rebecca, about a family with dangerous secrets, and a young woman who must use her wits and gift of visions to survive. I flew through this book, reading it in one day because I had to find out what happens to Adrienne.<br/><br/>The setting of late 19th century France was fascinating, and Hall's descriptive writing added greatly to the story. She set one scene at the Paris Opera House that was so beautiful, if I closed my eyes, I would swear I was there.<br/><br/>I loved how Hall took this true story of a priest's haunted castle and created this world. Giving Adrienne the gift of visions, the plucky governess, the evil aunt- all of these are combined to create an atmospheric suspenseful novel that is perfect for curling up with a cup of tea on a snowy day by the fire.<br/><br/>I also appreciated her Bibliography at the end, enabling the reader to find out more of the true story of Miramont.
Guess I should have read the blurb a little better because this book was nothing like what I was expecting. I was expecting a ghost story based on the title, but there are no actual ghosts in the story until you are like 90% finished with it. That's not to say it wasn't a good book because it was. The first part of the book is set in France in the early 1880's.  By the time Adrienne, the protagonist in the book, turns 17 the story jumps to America and Manitou Springs, CO.<br/><br/>Adrienne has a special gift that she inherited from her maternal grandmother, not that that is a good thing. She is clairvoyant and has visions; sometimes of the future and sometimes of events that she could have absolutely no way of knowing anything about them.  As she grows up her family tries to keep this gift under wraps so as to keep the gossip about her to a minimum. Her aunt Marie want to do more than that, though. When Marie turns 17 her uncle Julien Morier, who is a priest in America, has just about finished his castle in Manitou Springs, CO and his mother, Aunt Marie, decides to take Adrienne to America with her in an effort to silence both her and her gift. She forces Adrienne into a life of servitude and changes her name to Henriette telling everyone she knows that Henriette is an excellent maid but has a tendency to make up fanciful stories and should not be believed no matter what she says.<br/><br/>Marie's plan works too. She successfully silences Adrienne, but it all comes crashing down around her when Adrienne gets pregnant and the only possible person who could be the father is her priest son.<br/><br/>I won't go into what else happens with Julien because if I tell you the whole story here there won't be any reason for you to read this wonderful first novel by Elizabeth Hall.  Julienne and Marie are both based on real people who lived around the turn of the 20th century and a few facts about their lives make it into the book, but for the most part this book is entirely fiction.  I highly recommend it for lovers of historical fiction or anyone who just likes a good story.
There seems to be a literary trend toward weak protagonists.  This book fits within that trend.  The protagonist, Adrienne, starts out as a precocious, intelligent, and outgoing little girl of around 4 or 5 years old.  She lives with her wealthy grandfather, mother, and governess in France.  Adrienne’s father is a diplomat in Paris and rarely can find the time to come home.  When he does, his stays are brief.  Sometimes her aunt, the widowed (and vile-natured) Marie, comes to live there.  Marie is quite forceful and seems to love no one but her son, who is a priest living in America. Marie usually lives with her son. When Marie is in the home, it is understood that she is in charge--and she rules with an iron fist.  The grandfather is the only one who stands up to her, though even he acquiesces to Marie running the household.  Everyone else is afraid of Marie and just tries to keep the peace. The grandfather absolutely dotes on Adrienne, who looks exactly like his deceased wife who supposedly died shortly after giving birth to Adrienne’s mother.  He is the only buffer between Marie and Adrienne, whom Marie hates with a passion because Adrienne is clairvoyant (a gift she inherited from her grandmother) and knows too many of Marie’s secrets.  Adrienne’s mother is beautiful, self-absorbed and weak.  Adrienne is nurtured only by her grandfather and her governess, who also dotes on her.  When Adrienne reaches the age of 7, her grandfather dies.  Now there is no one to hold Marie in check.<br/>The rest of the book outlines how Marie runs roughshod over her sister and Adrienne, and the various tortures she inflicts on Adrienne, with no one either caring enough to stop her or being powerful enough to stop her.  Outsiders seem clueless to Marie’s true self.  Adrienne grows up to be as weak and ineffectual as her mother, never really standing up for herself, always thinking of ways to get out from under her aunt Marie’s thumb, but never actually doing anything.  If you like this trend of weak protagonists—if you enjoy reading about the mental torture of a girl throughout her life—if you like a story where there is no one to root for, where you just keep hoping that someone will do something to help themselves, then this book is for you.  Otherwise, you should save yourself the frustration and just pass this one up.  Wish I had done that.  I don’t see the point of this book.  There is no one to root for.  No overcoming of obstacles, no come-uppance at the end for wrong doing.  What’s the point?
This book had a lot of potential. Characters seemed to be interesting and the story could have been something really great.<br/><br/>The book is overly descriptive to a fault. The endless descriptions of the characters and their movements makes me feel like the characters are marionettes or robots. This isn't a direct quote, but the author will give descriptions like "she shifted slightly to the left and tipped her head slightly and her eyes dropped to the floor...". These kinds of descriptions get tedious and don't add to the story. Better writers know how to communicate a character's actions in more subtle and creative ways without beating you over the head. Unless you're telling the story to an alien who doesn't know how humans behave, let the reader deduce the exact details of characters' movements.<br/><br/>I am not one to like or dislike a book based on the actions of the characters -- the author has a story to tell and who am I to say the characters should or shouldn't have done what they did. In this book, the characters often don't act or behave in believable ways based on the personality and traits the author has given those characters. Even more than that, the author wants you to believe that a character became a pedophile based on an embarrassing incident with a prostitute -- a premise as absurd as it is unbelievable.<br/><br/>The behavior of the protagonist is just as nonsensical. Multiple times, the author has you begin to believe the protagonist will take control over her life only to have her inexplicably fail to do so.<br/><br/>The conclusion of the book is disappointing and unsatisfying. The book is boring because nothing significant happens. There is no real conflict and nothing is really resolved. If this is all the author wants to tell us, she shouldn't have bothered to even write the book. We read books that tell an interesting story. There are lots of stories, but only the interesting ones we want to read about.
Enjoyed this book very much.  The story was very good.  The historical part of it was great.  Enjoyed the descriptions of 19th century life and clothing and the tying in of European and American times.  It moved along at a nice place.  Great read.
The concept surrounding the visions of the main character had promise. The title held promise. But nothing unpredictable or terribly interesting was delivered. The two weren't woven together well. I learned in the afterward the likely reason why.
This book is absolutely disgusting and tie ins at the end or "ah ha moments" giving some slight form of satisfaction. Language is well written however the plot line is awful and disgusting. Do NOT waste your time as I have done with mine.
I really enjoyed this book and the historical references.  Sad to think any of this to be true but not surprising either.  A few twists kept me guessing at how the story would end and kept me reading until the late hours of the night.  Good book.
I received an e-book copy of this book from the publisher through NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.<br/><br/>I went into this book blind.  I read what it was about, I knew it sounded good, and I was excited to read it.  I didn't read any of the reviews, and by the time I picked this up to read it, I had completely forgotten what the book was supposed to be about.  I figured, in all honesty, it was going to be about a haunted castle or something, and I was pretty excited.<br/><br/>Well, that isn't what it is about at all.  At least not in the beginning.<br/><br/>The story tells about a young girl, Adrienne, who has a very special gift.  She can see visions of things that are happening or are going to happen.  Since she doesn't understand this ability when she is a little girl, she tends to blurt out everything she sees, much to the dismay of her family and the people who live in the village.  The little girl's grandfather explains that she needs to keep these visions to herself, and be careful who she tells, because not everyone is as understanding.<br/><br/>The rest of the book (I hate to give away spoilers, so I'm being careful to explain as well as I can without actually giving things away) tells about Adrienne's life with her family, her Aunt Marie, her potential husband, and her journey to America (did I mention how her family doesn't much care for her visions?  Especially her Aunt Marie, who pretty much does some horrible things to Adrienne throughout the whole book, all while trying to protect her family secrets).<br/><br/>The setting in this book is wonderful. the characters practically jump right off the page, and there isn't a dull moment in this book.  I truly wondered whether or not this book was going to appeal to me, but it lured me in from the very first page, and I didn't want the book to end.  I cried, I laughed, and I felt Adrienne's pain (Elizabeth Hall is such an amazing author; her character development and storytelling is fantastic).  As soon as I finished this amazing story, I instantly wanted to start reading it again.  This really is one of the best books I have read in a very long time.
I loved the historical details of this book! A wide range of personality types among the characters made for great reading--diabolical, tormented, pitiful, and sweet... a great mix!  I found the story to be riveting and well written. Great book!
The story is based on historical facts but the author is very creative with the characters and storyline. I would like to read more books by the author and would highly recommend this book to this  who enjoy historical fiction.
I have to be honest and tell you that I really loved this book but it drove me insane! It has to be one of the saddest and one of the few books that I have read that made me want to tear this book from limb to limb and burn it!<br/><br/>Adrienne can sense things and she knows too much about things that certain people in the family have done. Her grandmother had the gift but it drove her insane. Somehow the daughter got skipped over but the granddaughter got the gift. Adrienne's grandfather was the only one who knew she had it and he tried his best to keep her from telling people what was going to happen to them but she slipped a few times and it got around.<br/><br/>But, nothing could have prepared any of them that lived peacefully in France when Aunt Marie showed up and that is when the troubles started. Poor Adrienne's mother was a wimpy, clingy kind of woman who only cared about keeping her husband, even though he was having affairs, she kept on getting pregnant and each new child pushed Adrienne further away from her thoughts.<br/><br/>This was a very sad story but a very well told story and I felt so bad for this poor girl and couldn't believe that her own Aunt would enslave her to keep her quiet. But, other things were done to Adrienne and the worst was losing the only 3 people who truly cared for and loved her back in France.<br/><br/>Just be prepared to be shocked at some of the secrets and the lengths that people will go to when they want to hide something, but it was the ending that broke my heart the worst because it just didn't seem fair!
Judging by the afterword, the titular castle has a dark and fascinating history worthy of study.  Unfortunately the author here buries that underneath a maudlin, unsatisfying yarn that lacks any clear purpose or conclusion.
The book was well written, but I cannot remember a book being as big a disappointment as this one. After spending time getting to know the characters, you expect some kind of payoff at the end, and here there was NOTHING!
The characters and the rich descriptions of the setting really draw the reader in. The circumstances in which Adrienne finds herself in are absolutely heart wrenching. Although it was a very sad book, it was a great read.
I have to say this is one of the more unusual and disturbing books that I have read in a while.  It was hard to rate because it is certainly better than OK but hard for me to say I liked the story.  But it is a Good book and you will understand my in-between rating when you read it.  This is an intriguing story of a aristocratic French family that has a family history of clairvoyant women.  In the opening we meet a 4 year old girl with the gift who is protected by ar grandfather  who knows the perils of her gift. The story follows her lonely and tragic life from early childhood to a young adult, moving from France to the early days in south western America.  The rich characters include her vain mother who suspects that her philandering husband has another family, yet never pushes the matter; an evil aunt who is so threaten by her gift that she convinces the servants and neighbors that the child fabricates stories;  a maniacal cousin who has peculiar taste for young girls and a beloved governess who carries a secret that ultimately the ends the young girls happiness.  This is a  story of evildoing, secrets, lost love, abuse and tragedy.  It is well written, often dark and it will linger in your mind well after the last page.  Despite the title the ghost is not introduced until the epilogue.  For me that ending was disappointing not because of  the storyline but because I so wanted a different, more comforting ending.  If a measure of a good book is that you keep thinking about it when you finish, then this is a good book.
This keeps your interest and doesn't bog you down with a lot of unnecessary, rambling in-depth details and descriptions.  A very good story based on real facts.  I enjoyed it very much and read it in just a couple days.
This is the WORST, most depressing book I have ever read. I kept waiting for it to get better but I was sorely disappointed!!!! It had such potential to be a great book.  I will never read another book by this author!
* Spoiler Alert - re Characters*<br/><br/>I loved the premise and the cover of this book and, for me, the start did not disappoint. I immediately felt immersed in the period and the characters as they were introduced. There was a distinct, brooding atmosphere surrounding this French family and their connection to the New World.<br/>We soon learn that Adrienne has inherited the powers of insight that blighted the life of her grandmother and Adrienne is advised to keep her special 'gift' a secret. Nothing, however, escapes the watchful eye of evil 'Aunt Marie.' Over a few chapters the languid sense of foreboding and my own anticipation began to fall away. These were pitiful characters; the weak mother, the lustful father, the Aunt who ruled over them whether near or far, the despicable cousin, the maid with a terrible secret.<br/>Then there was Adrienne. Warned by a loving grandfather to guard her powers of insight she took him literally helping no one, not even herself, as her life took one dreadful turn after another.<br/>I am not an advocate of fairy-tale endings if the story warrants something sad but true to character and circumstance but, in this case it seemed as if the author was dealing one blow after another.<br/>The writing was good and I felt that the research had been done well but a more rounded story would have made for a more satisfying read and a feeling, as is seen every day in true life, that it is possible to find some hope and goodness even in when all the chips are down.
I enjoyed the first two thirds of this book.  The character development held my interest and I wanted to know more.  Then the story line took a turn from mysterious to dark.  The ending was rushed and disappointing.
1.5<br/><br/>*Book source ~ Kindle First<br/><br/>From Goodreads:<br/>"Miramont Castle, built in 1897 and mysteriously abandoned three years later, is home to many secrets. Only one person knows the truth: Adrienne Beauvier, granddaughter of the Comte de Challembelles and cousin to the man who built the castle.<br/><br/>Clairvoyant from the time she could talk, Adrienne’s visions show her the secrets of those around her. When her visions begin to reveal dark mysteries of her own aristocratic French family, Adrienne is confronted by her formidable Aunt Marie, who is determined to keep the young woman silent at any cost. Marie wrenches Adrienne from her home in France and takes her to America, to Miramont Castle, where she keeps the girl isolated and imprisoned. Surrounded by eerie premonitions, Adrienne is locked in a life-or-death struggle to learn the truth and escape her torment."<br/><br/>I couldn’t even write my own synopsis of this story, so I did something I have never done before...copied from Goodreads. This story turned out far different than I thought it would be. Or even what it could be. A woman with visions *should* be interesting especially since it’s set in the past where people are not nearly as forgiving as they are today of those kinds of idiosyncrasies. But this book is boring. So very boring. I slogged through it and the last 20% or so wasn’t horrible, but I just couldn’t get into it. The plot had definite potential, but the execution was not for me.
An essential aspect of a good mystery story is the placement of genuine clues (along with numerous red herrings). If the clues have been placed well, at the moment of revelation the reader should be saying, "Oh, it was there all the time!"<br/><br/>It's very unfortunate that in a book that is otherwise so well written, the mystery should fail this badly. The characters are interesting and compelling. The mystery itself is an intriguing one: what is Marie's secret and how did it lead to Adrienne becoming trapped in a deserted castle? But ultimately the mystery is all red herrings and no genuine clues. Marie's secret turns out to be too blase to seem like a believable motivation for her actions. Julien's "secret" is pure stereotype (being based on historical facts isn't a good excuse for how clumsily it is handled). Adrienne is the most sympathetic and interesting character in the book, with a power that she uses easily and purposefully in childhood, but which she (inexplicably) can't control at all as an adult. But she turns into a mere "gotcha"--the prologue deceives the reader into believing certain things about her, but the truth turns out to be quite different. There are a few other problems with the book, such as the slow pacing in the first half, but they all pale in comparison to leaving the reader going, "Wait, what?"<br/><br/>I give this book 2.5 stars - I'm being generous (because the prose itself is good) and rounding up.
This book was very good.  I could not put it down.  I myself am from Colorado Springs and the history in this book is correct  in every way.  It is interesting and hard to put down. I highly recommend this book.
I liked the story but it felt like a pre story.... like the back ground of another story for a main one...but the ending pretty much killed any chance for it. It was well written, and the scenes described well.
I found it interesting from the beginning to the end, although I prefer fairy tale endings.  I thought it was exceptionally well written especially for a first novel.  Looking forward to reading more from her.
I love historical fiction. This was a good story but I was bothered by the visions Adrienne had of Julian's sex activities. I thought they were too graphic for a young innocent girl. They lacked credibility.
The author took a existing ghost story, a real "castle" built in Colorado by a French priest, actual historical characters surrounding that structure and wove a tragic story explaining the ghost.  She also concocted a solution of another mystery surrounding the Colorado castle (Miramont).<br/><br/>Gothic tale of a privilaged girl turned young woman who is weak and powerless birthed by a mother who is.. just weak.  The wicked aunt is well-written and you truly hate her.  I'm really just tired of these stories were the main character is a weak woman who is destroyed by the society in which she is born where she could have survive, especially if the girl had the gift of clairvoyance... (Wait!  She does!).  Tre Tre desole!  Tragique!<br/><br/>It's written well.  I just am tired of this storyline; it's been over-done.<br/><br/>I suppose the best that can come from this tale is the recognition that we now raise our daughters to be self-reliant and give the the tools for survival without a man's help if it comes to that.  I accept that this happened.  I accept that girls and women were trapped by society.  I accept that it would take a critically-thinking young woman who thought outside the norm (perhaps with the gift of clairvoyance *wink*) to save herself.  I also know those women existed  (well, perhaps without the clairvoyance bit).  I would rather read about them.  (It would be way-cool if they also had clairvoyance.  heh)<br/><br/>P.S.  Thinking on it, this might have made a better novella.  Everyone likes a ghost story.
*****WARNING • POSSIBLE SPOILER********<br/><br/>This is a difficult review to write, because I'm so conflicted. On one hand, Ms. Hall's descriptive writing was lovely and really brought the imagery in the story to life. I have very vivid images in my mind about what was being described. Bravo! I also cared deeply for the heroine and wanted what was best for her.<br/><br/>On the other hand...<br/><br/>I listened to the story rather than read, and after the first two hours I had the feeling that all my misery would be rewarded and things would work out in the end. As the story progressed my hopes for a happy ending only increased; however, a happy ending was not to be had.<br/><br/>I love that the book was based on historical events and I even looked up and read about Miramont Castle--fascinating! But I felt really robbed because I detest sad endings. As another reviewer expressed, I don't like misery for misery's sake. I can deal with sadness, but for no reason? NO. While based on actual history, it WAS a work of fiction. The author could have brought a little sunshine into my life instead of bringing me down.<br/><br/>And one more thing: Why was everyone so intimidated by the aunt? They should have just packed her junk and set her out on the curb and everyone would have been happy.<br/><br/>So five stars for Ms. Hall's writing talent, three stars for the storyline, and 1 star because I am unsatisfied with the ending.
This book was actually not very good at all.  The beginning was rambling and aimless but I stuck with it anyway. Then it went in a completely separate direction and the last quarter of the book or so seemed hastily cobbled together.  The characters were unbelievable and unsympathetic.  Seriously, no one ever told that little kid to just shut up once in awhile? The protagonist's actions and emotions were ridiculously inconsistent.  The idea of a castle and no household staff seems just dumb. How is the reader to believe they were isolated?  Did the book completely lose my attention or was there no – plausible – explanation for the vision the author kept repeating?  How could someone who feared for her life ignore for weeks on end the warnings she received through visions?  When she had been having visions since she was four years old. Then a random suppressed memory from out of nowhere?  I don't agree with the readers who gave the book one star because it dealt with disturbing subject matter and didn't have a happy ending (that's life) but to go through 60 percent of the book with gentlemen kissing gloved hands and then to finish the book with jarring and graphic descriptions of assault seemed like lack of skill on the author's part.  Honestly I didn't pay much attention to the title of the book and wasn't looking for a ghost story, but 80 years a ghost and all she has to show for it is brushing past someone's hair? Oh please.
Depressing book.  the woman just keeps taking terrible treatment from everyone and has no backbone and then just dies.  I was hoping she'd pull through somehow.  I hope that ghost got another go around!
Good storytelling using local history as a basis. I visited the castle at the springs As a young woman. This story weaves fact into fiction of why it was built and the downfall of the family who did so.
This story captivated me from the very begining! I could not put it down. For a first novel, this is spectacular. I fell in love, was outraged and heartbroken. I wasn 't even aware I was turning pages.
For what it's worth, the book was well written with sympathetic and endearing main character.  Loved the architectural and landscape details - nicely crafted.  Story started bright and progressively became darker and darker, especially digging into the evil or shallowness in many of the characters.  So why only 3 stars?  Without any spoilers a bit challenging, but I'll try to explain. Some of the plot twists were surprising, even shocking, but they were a bit too far out there for me to accept that a real person would respond (or not respond) to the horror of their events.  There's a level of victimization that others permit that just seems beyond reasonable, at least in the context of the story.  It was challenging to read a story, of course, that is just dark and darker as it goes on, but it does speak of the author's ability that the story lingers on in my mind for a time long after I finished reading.  So I think most readers will appreciate a well-crafted tale keeping that in mind.  But, even a dark ending should have some sort of resolution, even a dark one!  But there is none - the ending and epilogue are complete let downs in this respect and the story just flat out peters out. I finished the book trying to figure out what the point of it was.  I still am. Really disappointing.  Ultimately, I think the author/editor reviews and even the name of the book were grossly misleading.
I kept reading this book hoping that it would eventually get better. Unfortunately, it did not. To me, the plot was predictable and rather slow paced. I felt the main character was weak and I could not sympathize with her at all. She had a very bad case of captured princess syndrome, always waiting for help and never doing anything for herself. Her ultimate solution to her problems only emphasized this syndrome. There was one moment in the plot that genuinely surprised me, but again, the weakness of the main character quickly derailed even my interest in that twist. While some people rate this book poorly based on the amount of evil present in it, I did not have an issue with that, as not every story can or should be as happy as a stereotypical Hollywood movie.<br/><br/>I'm sure many people will enjoy this book. I read it based on the several good reviews I saw, but it just wasn't for me. If you are expecting an action-packed novel, a detective-style mystery, or even a ghost story (misleading title), turn away now and go find something else to read. You won't get any of that here.<br/><br/>I did enjoy reading how much of the plot was fictionalized and how much was based on fact, which the author includes in the end. I found that the parts based on fact were the most enjoyable, so perhaps I would have been better off reading a regular non-fiction account of Miramont Castle instead.
I think this was Ms. Hall's first novel and I think it was incredibly well written and definitely a great book that makes me want to look forward to more from this author.  My disappointment is more about the climax itself.  I won't give it away at all, but I felt like Ms. Hall was trying too hard to make the story fit within a certain mold (for the benefit of future readers:  Some of the book is based on actual events).  Where she worked so beautifully to create a story around the historical events, I think she should have just kept with her own imagination and not tried so hard to make the book fit with the real world events.  Truth is more boring than fiction I guess.<br/><br/>I did find myself smiling at character's happy moments and even getting teary eyed at some of the sadder moments.  I think that's a credit to the wonderful writing skills.  I definitely identified with the characters.  I just wish the story ended differently than it did.  The first 80% of the book leads the reader on a fascinating path, but it seems to crash in an effort to align with historical accuracy.  I happen to be one of those people that hate movies, books, etc. without a definitive ending.  Hate cliff hanger endings.  This doesn't haven't a cliff hanger ending, but I wouldn't recommend this book to people who like nice tidy bows on stories.  The reader definitely has gaps to fill in on their own.
This was an intriguing story that was very serious. It kept me reading and waiting to see what happened next. Was amazed to learn that it was based on a true story! That makes it even more amazing.
If you like your ghost stories extremely dark and gloomy, this one is for you.Set first in France circa 1884. A precocious young girl, Adrienne has visions. At the tender age of 5,she gets excited about these stories and shares them,making her an object of curiosity to some and fear to others.<br/>Adrienne obviously does not live in a vacuum. She is a member of a noble family with dark history. Her grandmother died under mysterious circumstances, her Aunt Marie is a recurring terrifying subject in Adrienne's visions.As the child grows, the darkness surrounding her slowly amplifies with only occasional rays of light.<br/>Her exceedingly sad life descends into madness when she is shipped off to America to live with her hated Aunt Marie and her priest son.The beautiful Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs Colorado is the setting for the beginning of Adrienne's timeless ghostly existence.The reader is privy to her being a ghost at the beginning of the story, so this is not a spoiler.<br/>The fictional work is based in truth. Miramont Castle exists and there is a ghost given the name Henrietta who is said to still reside there. The story of course is fiction, but I applaud the interweaving of fiction and truth.The atmosphere is oppressive as a good ghost story should be.<br/>I really liked this book. The reviews have been mixed but I give this one a ghostly thumbs up.
Could not put it down. The characters were so complex and well developed. The mystery was spellbinding. However for those who like a tidy ending, look elsewhere. Not tidy. Just true to the novel.
I was fortunate to have gotten this book for free. My review of this book was all that was required in return. I am not a paid reviewer nor am I friends with anyone connected with this book. My review is my honest opinion.<br/>  There is not a whole lot that can pull me away from a good book. After I started reading my new book,life kind of happened all over the place, and I had to postpone my reading until today. Let me tell you, I read the rest of the book in one sitting. I love this book and consider it a must read. From the very beginning you're hooked, and my best advise would be to give up everything else until you're finished devouring every last word. It is one of the best novels I have read so far!! All of the characters came to life quickly but also were developed throughout the story. Some you love to death, some you really, really hate, but all the character's reel you in, taking your mind hostage until their story is complete. I love the way the story crescendos, keeping you completely enthralled to the end.<br/>  I can't believe that this is the authors first book. She is now at the top of my author's to follow list.I hope there are more haunted places that have a story for Ms. Hall to tell. I ghost hunt and know that the story behind the spirit can be intriguing and very chilling, if told well. Ms. Hall is definitely an awesome storyteller. Please hurry with another book. It would be my privilege to read it first!! I am a fan!!!
I enjoyed at least two thirds of this book.  The descriptive scenery in both Colorado and France was enticing.  The plot was good but could have developed into a much better historical mystery.
Each character was richly described and the settings really brought me in.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes historical fiction.<br/>Susan B.
I would not recommend this book to anyone.  I regret using my prime choice to select this book.  Total waste of time.  Zero stars really.
This book started out wonderfully. I was hooked immediately with the introduction of the main character. I enjoyed the author's writing style. She is incredibly detailed in her descriptions, and I felt I was in the French countryside. There was suspense throughout, but the overall tone of the book is utter sadness. What a depressing read! I strongly believe that if the author made the story longer, she could have provided more room for the main character's story when she was older. Perhaps during that extra bit of writing, happy & enjoyable things could have happened. The beginning was great with the main character as a child. She is well drawn out and captivating. But it seemed too quickly she became an adult, and the reader sees just a tiny portion of that part of her life. I was surprised in the end to read that some of these characters (not the main character) did exist in Colorado's history. This was an interesting book on many levels, but lacking in plot and length. It was a spooky story of sorts, so I would recommend it to people who are fans of that genre, with the caveat that it is a very sad story.
After reading the other reviews, I don't think it's a spoiler to say that this is a very dark book that does not have the happy ending the reader is hoping for. Some of the subject matter that it covered is difficult to process. All that being said, I think it's a great story, very well written and holds your attention.  I was hoping for a positive outcome amidst the difficult circumstances that the protagonist faced, and when that didn't happen, I genuinely felt sadness and grief for her. That is the mark of excellent writing, to make the reader really feel those emotions that are conveyed. Life doesn't always have a happy ending, and sometimes horrible things happen to good people. When I finished the book, I felt a sadness and compassion, not just for the fictional Adrienne, but for the countless real people out there who's lives have so much promise and hope, only to be destroyed at the hands of evil. It's depressing, but it's reality for alot of people This book will stay with you after you read it, and you will count your blessings.  At least that's what happened with me, and I'm glad for it.
This is a story of a French family over the lifespan of one member. It tells how when people become so obsessed with what others think of them, they can go to extreme measures to protect that. And they feel so justified in their actions that they don't care who they hurt as long as their standing in the community remains.<br/><br/>The story really drew me in. The writing was good and the characters were believable.<br/><br/>I didn't give it 5 stars because of the ending. I understand that the author was simply giving story to historical records, but I would have preferred a different ending. It is probably just me but I like a story to have a beginning, middle and end. The end of the book wasn't a clear cut resolution. In this book, like in real life, some times there is no justice. I guess I read fiction to find that justice in the end so when it isn't there, I am a little disappointed.<br/><br/>But I especially liked the extra notes at the end where the author told what the real historical information was so you could see how she spun the story around it.<br/><br/>It is worth reading.
Well written, inviting and captivating. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book from the first page to the last! It has everything you could want in a book.
The description of 19th century France and America is riveting.  Although the book is written as a plausible explanation for a legend and events in the West, I have difficulties with the 'doomed' protagonist of the novel.  I am more accustomed with the protagonist successfully dealing with trials and tribulations or if failing, the failure secondary to a 'tragic flaw' or to overwhelming circumstances.  In this novel the heroine seems defeated by bad luck rather than 'flaw' or overwhelming odds.  This is probably 'realistic' but I don't pursue novels for realism although the greatest novels reveal insights into human nature that can connect with realism.  Alfred Hitchcock directed a film in the 1930s where a child inadvertently carries a bomb aboard a bus.  Tensions mount but the bomb explodes -- this was realistic but dramatically dissatisfying.  I would have preferred the heroine to have escaped and perhaps perish in the winter snow -- overwhelming odds so to speak.  Just an opinion after spending the vast majority of the novel in watching the detailed development of the main character.
This is a story of a family who is manipulated and abused. There is no justice or redemption, just sadness and broken dreams. I found it truly depressing.
Adrienne is a young girl in France, aged 6. She loves her grandfather who also adores her. She is clairvoyant and it becomes embarrassing to the family when she blurts things out that she has seen, especially to her very strict aunt. When her beloved grandfather on his deathbed asks her to keep her visions to herself, she takes this to heart to just keep quiet about everything.  Her aunt convinces Adrienne's family to let Adrienne go to America with her when she is 17. Maria's son is a priest and has built a beautiful castle in Manitou Springs, Colorado.<br/><br/>This was a tragic Gothic tale. You can't help but feel sorry for Adrienne who is trapped in a web of deceit woven by her aunt. At times you want to yell at her to do something but know that she cannot. I think the story was enhanced more for me because I live nearby to the area and loved the telling of the Victorian period. I have also been to Miramont castle twice and have visited the grounds of the little Catholic Church next door. I enjoyed Hall's prose in telling the story and learning that it was based on some fact.
Promising start, Adrienne was intriguing... nothing ever happened except for a bit of sadism toward then; then off again into nothingness. Waste of time.
Good story to read, very interesting and captivating.  I didn't want it to end and I was pleasantly surprised that it was inspired by true events.
This is very well written. It makes you sad and holds you spellbound at the same time.  The descriptions are vividly told.  I recommend this book.
There have been many other posters who gave you the synopsis of this story, so I'll keep this brief. I found this to be a very sad novel. I wondered as I read this how people to do such things to others. A young girl's life is ruined and she will suffer for many, many years...ruined through no fault of hers other than seeing things that others would rather she didn't. I hated that a Catholic family, her cousin who is a priest and his mother would be capable of the things they did, and I am a Catholic. Their lives were full of avarice, sexual perversion and greed. Those they should have helped, they did not. The Mexican and Indians knew, as well as some of the townspeople, which led to a life on the run from parish to parish, great illness, and not a moment of peace.<br/><br/>I can't say I enjoyed this book because I didn't read it for that. I read it for the mystery of the people and their actions and for the history. Those things I found very good and interesting. I recommend to those who would read it for the same reason, to so.
We discover what our main character's fate is in the very first chapter but how did that happen? Why?<br/>As I read each chapter I was sure I had figured it all out. I thought I knew at each turn what was going to happen next but I was SO very wrong.<br/><br/>This is another 'edge of your seat' book, especially during the last few chapters as everything came to a head. It was, however, very dark. I don't think I could read it again. Don't get me wrong! I loved this book! I just don't think I could live through that more than once. The things that Adrienne was forced to live and suffer through are unimaginable (also the title of another awesome book. *wink*).<br/><br/>I was shocked to find out that it is mostly based on true events. The castle is very real. Aunt Marie and cousin Julian are based on real people who really did do some of the things in the book. Be sure to read the epilogue at the end.We discover what our main character's fate is in the very first chapter but how did that happen? Why?<br/>As I read the life of
The story reached out and got my attention from the beginning. Would have liked a better ending but it definitely kept my interest until the end.
Well written.  I especially loved that it's based on real people and events.  I'm looking forward to reading more about the real Miramont Castle!
Great read!  It sucked up my whole day.  The characters were all so well defined - my heart ached for the grandfather and granddaughter.  Tragic!
I did not like this book!! It tells the story of a ghost and all of the bad thing that happened to her as a human causing her to commit suicide.
I loved the way the story was written.  The characters were believable.  Ms. Hall has a great story to tell.  I can't wait for her next story!
Great mystery. Really enjoyed this story. It really holds your interest from start to finish. I'll enjoy.reading stories by this author again.
I didn't feel that the synopsis of the book was accurate. I was expecting a ghost story not a story about how someone became a ghost.
Didn't want to put it down. Keeps your interest. Very well written.  Would recommend to everyone.  Looking for more from this author.
This book was a waste of time. It was not well written, had no point and ended horribly in a couple over dramatic cheap plot twists.
I am a huge fan of historical novels whether its romance or mystery or thriller etc. - so the historical aspect of this novel is redeeming (thus the 2 stars), as is the outline for this fictional work.  However, I had to WILL myself to continue reading after the 10th or so chapter (as I hate to judge a book until the end) and the only thing that kept me reading this novel was the hope that the villain(s) evil would be known by all, especially Adrienne's loving but suppressed family.  As this is a fictional novel, I wish the author had made a heroine of young misunderstood Adrienne Beauvier instead of the victim (aka Miramont's Ghost).  Understanding that in that era, justice would be served on the theory that women were subservient and clairvoyants are witches - but the author lead us to believe that all good would prevail.<br/><br/>Absolutely, despised the ending and will not buy it in hardcopy and will delete it from my kindle as well.
Miramont's Ghost is a fictionalized story of the history/legend surrounding the real Miramont Castle near Colorado Springs. I am torn between loving this book and not really liking it. I was disappointed in the decisions that certain characters made even throw I knew that those decisions had to be made that way do to how the story had to end. To me, this book is what I call a slow read. It really didn't hold my attention like thought it would. However, I was captivated to find out what the big secret was. That was why I ended up finishing the book. I got confused many times while reading because of the switch between character's point of view was not clearly defined with at least a line space or something to indicate the switch.  I instantly dislike certain characters. Overall, I gave the book 3 stars, not because I didn't like the book but because I was torn in my enjoyment in reading it. However, the author did a good job in her writing.
I should have followed my initial instincts and abandoned this book about 1/3 of the way through. There were only 2 likable characters to identify with or champion, and both of them (the main character and her grandfather) we're complete disappointments in the end.<br/><br/>The entire plot hung on the premise of protecting, ad nauseam, supposedly shameful family secrets at the expense of every family members personal happiness.<br/>Not one character had the spine to face their own issues, preferring to keep their eyes "downcast" & their mouths shut.<br/><br/>If you were looking for a good old fashioned ghost story, keep looking, this book doesn't even come close. No happy ending, in fact, all the bad guys appear to get away with all the misery inflicted on the weak and ineffectual main character. A complete disappointment.
This was a most engaging book.  A young girl discovers she is clairvoyant, taking after her long diseased grandmother.  Her grandfather knows what his wife went through in a small town at the turn of the century but doesn't warn his granddaughter until he is on his death bed.  His only warning is not to say anything to anyone, which she takes too literally and withdraws entirely.<br/><br/>She has a very hateful/domineering aunt, priest cousin, and a meek mother who will not stand up for herself or her children against the aunt-her sister.  There are a lot of twists and turns throughout the book which made it a very interesting read.  I dare not say too much as I don't want to spoil the plot!<br/><br/>The author researched of some of the places discussed in the book, including the Miramont Castle which is outlined at the end of the book.<br/><br/>The message?  Let go of all your hatred so that you may rest in peace, even after death.
Terrible book!  Writing is childish.  Plot is ridiculous.  Cannot. Believe it was published.  Complete waste of time.  Do not read.
Beautiful, heartbreaking, gut-wrenchingly sad.  This novel is fast-paced, sinister and gorgeously written.  The characters are fully realized and terribly flawed.  You are transported back in time to a little, lovely village in the French countryside where you become the main character, Adrienne.  She is so beautifully drawn and you will feel her joys, sorrows, fears and disappointments as she journeys through her life.  This novel was inspired by real people and real events and you'll be horrified when you read the Afterword and discover the true characters.  Miramont's Ghost IS a ghost story but not through the entire book.  At it's core, it is a story about Adrienne and her harrowing journey through life, her family and the people she meets along the way and the heartbreaking, joyful and dispicable events she lives through and how they change her.  A gorgeous read... I'd be surprised if you didn't read it more than once.
I don't know where to start, so I'm going to be honest. This story wasn't what I expected. It really had me turning the pages and I couldn't put it down. I had to see what happened next. I was able to live inside the story and follow the characters and descriptions as if I was there. It was great in the very beginning and then it started to get really twisted and weird. At one point, it made me sick to my stomach so I had to stop reading. I didn't read the end because that's when it became confusing and extremely dark. I expected a historical mystery. Instead, I found myself in the middle of a extremely dark, turn-of-the century novel. It is really not for the weak and traumatized. Elizabeth Hall really is a great writer and knows how to make a dark story haunting and captivating. But this story did not hold my interest and really ruined the whole thing. I will read more of her stories, but I would be a little more careful.
This is a well written book by a talented author, but it is utterly depressing. Many early reviewers wrote a synopsis of the story, so there isn't any need for another one. What I want to add is that, even though the main character has visions, this really isn't a ghost story. There is nothing ghostly until the very end of the book. Most of the characters were unlikable and some I despised. I did like the main character. She had flaws, but she was also a prisoner of her time. However, after reading two thirds of the book in which she suffers loss, is completely neglected by her own mother and mistreated by her cruel aunt, to have her then not only refuse to stand up for herself, but to begin participating in her own destruction was just too much. The end of the story was very depressing. I  think Ms. Hall is a good author and I would read another book written by her as long as it was not as entirely sad as this one.
I am an avid reader and finish most books within a couple days. When you read that much, it is difficult to keep your library fresh. I’m so sick of the serial books that just drag on and on. They are so predictable and shallow. This book was a rare exception. The story is well balanced and complete.<br/><br/>This isn’t a happy tale, but it’s incredibly realistic in the portrayal of abuse and societal norms. Individuality is frowned upon and can destroy a person. Although this story is not set in the current day, things really haven’t changed that much. If you’re not a sheep in the flock, you’re an outcast. It doesn’t matter how you’re different, just being different is enough.<br/><br/>It’s a story of pain, loss and the ultimate sacrifice. The story is rich in details and characters are easily visualized and understood. I highly recommend this book. It is particularly poignant to those of us who are not sheep.
This book has it all - history, romance, suspense, paranormal, tragedy.  I loved the main character, Adrienne, and so wanted a happy ending for her. The "wicked" aunt and her depraved son were so easy to hate. In the end, we are given a little insight as to what made the aunt the way she was.  It would have perhaps been more satisfying had she and her son both received the appropriate punishment for their deeds. However, the story is roughly based on the true story, and, as we know, life does not always have a happy ending.  The title of the book is maybe a little misleading since the first half of the story takes place in France, while Miramont castle is in Colorado. However, the story begins there in France and this part is essential to understanding the whole tragic story of Adrienne's life.  I would maybe have added one more sentence to the ending, with Adrienne returning to her beloved grandfather's arms.
The story behind the ghost is an entertaining  alternative to rattling chains in the basement. I liked this vehicle to explain a haunting. Character development in the early part of the story was good but became 2-dimensional towards the end. Adrienne, whose precognitive powers were so strongly relied upon in the first 2/3 of the story, had no visions at the end. I was a bit disappointed about Fr Julien' s secret, and would actually have preferred that he had merely mirrored his mother's greed and prejudices and abuse of power. Those sins are evil too in their own right without the need to pile on a topic of deep pain and suffering as a motive. There should either have been more or less of the abuse issue. Otherwise the grace note given it makes something dreadful more like window dressing and makes me think it was something added in as a last-minute feature, as if the villains were not contemptible enough.
Well written but probably one of the most depressing and frustrating stories I have ever read.  Very weak and confusing ending.
Good read kept me reading could not put it down wanted it to end different especially after I found out it was some truth to it
I thought the beginning of the book was interesting. Adrienne was cursed with the gift of second sight and kept to herself after she promised her beloved grandfather to keep what she saw to herself.  It is a dark tale of her life living with her weak mother, and her visiting wicked aunt who tried to control her so she would not reveal family secrets. Her absentee philandering father failed to help her and her only friend and confidant was her governess whose mother sent away to an unknown location.  Her aunt whisked her off to Colorado and turned her into a maid. Towards the end a dark secret of her cousin, a pedophile priest,  was revealed.  After Adrienne's suicide, the aunt and molesting priest fled to France.  I found the part towards the end to be unbelievable, far fetched, and was shocked to find out that this part was based on fact.  It is a dark read with a sad ending, such as life goes.
While I must admit that the author did fine job with the writing craft, I can't give this more than one star.  I sat down to read what I thought would be an interesting ghost story, it pained me to read something that recounted one sad incident after another.  I liked the main character and so I felt her pain, especially once I realized that nothing was going to get better for her.  But I also felt pain for the author when I read the Afterward. I was shocked to learn that part of the story is based on a real place and some historically based truths.  It is obvious that the author was meticulous with her research.  But I found the historically accurate truths to be even more depressing than the fictional account.  It is depressing that she put so much time and effort into something so sad. I have read some true crime thrillers and not been nearly as depressed. I wish I could "unread" this book.
I live in Colorado Springs so I found this historical novel very interesting.  Well written with unexpected twists and turns.
I couldn't put the book down. I finished reading book in 1day. I love the history and loved how the author fit all the facts.
Very good. Held my attention all the way through. Loved the twists and turns. Even the things you expected were well written.
So, I downloaded this book from Amazon when they while they were running a promotion featuring this book. I read the synopsis, read the reviews, and thought..why not? I eventually got around to reading it while on a super long car ride up north, and literally could NOT put it down. I don't care what people say about this book, it is worth reading. Writing based on anything historical has never really interested me, but I thought that the author did a completely fantastic job creating a fictitious story about the characters based on historical figures.<br/>My only complaint was the ending. It lacked a certain "punch" that I thought the rest of the book had. Don't get me wrong, I still liked it and thought it was brilliantly created; there was just something missing. Honestly, worth the read. I flew threw this book in an afternoon and have recommended it to a couple of people already!
This story is loosely based on historical fact.  Our protagonist starts out as a young clairvoyant child who sometimes can see things but she does not understand what she sees.  People in town gossip about her and when she is around 6 years old, her grandfather tells her not to let anyone know what she sees, so from that ;point on she tries not to say anything to anyone.  She becomes quite withdrawn as she grows older.  Her Aunt Marie has to be the meanest person on earth!  The things she does to save face for herself and her family are shameful.  This story kept my interest and I couldn't wait to see what happened next.  It is very dark and without giving away the ending, quite disappointing.  I was hoping that eventually our protagonist would finally stand up for herself...which she finally did to some extent.  I would highly recommend this book with you like suspenseful, dark mysteries.
There is much that troubles me about this book, and at the same time I am gripped by the story.  From the beginning, the attribute of a "second sight" to the central character, who evidently inherited it from her grandmother, seemed gratuitous to me.  And why the family obsession that people were gossiping about them?  The family of old aristocrats who had survived the French republic as well as the revolution are well connected in the diplomatic community, but were also dysfunctional in all the usual ways and still  had secrets yet to be revealed.  While I knew that there is really a Miramont in Colorado upon which the novel is based, I was stunned to discover that truth is indeed as stranger than fiction.  And while not central to the story, racist attitudes towards native peoples and attitudes of class entitlement add to the tragedy.  Sometimes we really are imprisoned by our history.
Some readers seem to object to the explicit sexual content in this book, but it is a small part of the book, and like all art, it is not there on a whim; it is required content.  Life is not always pink and rosy.  In fact, in real life, some people do live their entire lives without finding peace or happiness.  Elizabeth Hall is an amazing writer, and I imagine that she identified with her character Lucie who stayed up late into the night handwriting her journal.  Anyone who doesn't appreciate how much talent and hard work Ms. Hall put into this book, does not understand literature.  It's not just the plot that moves along so nicely and keeps the reader guessing, but the nuances of emotion and human pain that are portrayed so artfully.  Any reader will see themselves in this story - how we encounter people who obstruct our path with their debilities, and how society creates boundaries .
I really liked the book. The story was very detailed and kept me interested.  The ending seemed to come too quickly, though.
Very easy read,  keeps the reader's attention. Interesting storyline. Good selection for the free book of the month. The end
This was a great read. Detailed in suspense and so many twists. Wow. I would recommend highly. Not your typical ghost story.
I loved the twists and turns of the story and reveled in the suspense. I longed for a happy ending, knowing it could not be.
Although fairly well written, it's kind of a downer from beginning to end.  I probably would not read another of her books.
I saw that this book was categorized as "gothic romance." I'm not sure I agree. Adrienne is the daughter of a French count, and has the gift of precognition. She spends her childhood feeling lonely and ostracized because of her gift. I don't want to include spoilers, but the story just gets darker and darker for poor Adrienne. She is victimized over and over. Rather than fighting back or showing spunk, mostly she is just a passive victim. I do sometimes love a good ghost story, and Adrienne's background makes for a rather poignantly convincing ghost. If you enjoy a story that has suspense and plot twists, while remaining dark and sad the entire time, this may be for you. The writing style was masterful and the characters were (unfortunately) very relatable. You have to be in the mood for this sort of thing, but it was definitely worth a read.
Powerful book!  I must say I adored the character of Adrienne and my heart broke at her sufferings.  I am always amazed at the lengths people will go to to destroy or demean those who are "different" as well as the lengths we go to protect our "image".  Each character in this book is a fully realized human with various flaws and weaknesses. Although I hated some of them intensely, I could grasp how their lives and circumstances caused them to act in the ways they did.  This is no small feat.  I had no idea until the epilogue that the book is based on actual events and documented evidence of the main plot.  I thought it was simply a fiction based on a famous mansion in Colorado.  I don't want to spoil the ending, so I will just say that it fit with the story.  This was a great read and I will certainly keep an eye out for more work by Elizabeth Hall!
A very well written story that kept me from walking away until I finished the book. It was also very refreshing not to see a single typo in this Kindle edition that I read. Since this is the first Kindle book I've read that has not been chock full of grammatical errors, that point was definitely one for rejoicing. However, I was disappointed in the ending of the story. Not to give anything away, but it seems to me as though writers nowadays get stressed or pushed by their editors to hurry up and get it out for publication. Such a great story should and could have ended in a more pronounced way. This one ended more like a deflated balloon rather than a POP! of excitement or shock. The writer is obviously capable of making her stories last right up to the final word. I'm looking forward to more from her. Plus, I really want to visit Miramont now!
As I read this book, it got harder and harder to put down. However for me, the ending of a good book is the best part. If an author can pull together loose ends, and end a story by actually adding more to it ... even if it is an unhappy ending, it can be satisfying. This book did none of that. It just ended. Also, it can hardly be called a ghost story, because the only haunting bit occurs in the last few pages.  It is basically the story of a tortured soul while both living, and then at the end, as a ghost. It was the background story of a ghost speculated to reside at the Miramont Castle, and that is all. There was great potential for an awesome ending, it did not have to be an ending based on historical facts. After all, the majority of content was fictional. I did appreciate the authors list of what was factual in the story at the end.
The story is not believable at all, too many holes in the plot. Disappointed after reading it, not a recommended read
I sorry I read the thing..it. it ends terrible...<br/><br/>Makes feel terrible.  I so wish I had never  read it....
Quick, entertaining book made even more enjoyable because of being based in part on real people and some real events.
Hard to put down. Read the book in two days I was so captivated by it. Look forward to reading more from this author.
I enjoyed this book.  I had a hard time putting it down.  The ending was really a surprise.  Easy read and enjoyable.
It's tragic and fascinating. I want to visit the castle in Colorado! I'm sure it's as beautiful as the book describes
I wasn’t sure if the story would keep my attention during the Prologue but I always give a book until the third chapter before I decide if I will keep reading. I was not disappointed as Elizabeth Hall was able to hook me in during the first couple of pages in chapter one. I love historical fiction. There is a romance to the Victorian era that just speaks to me. The main story takes place at the end of the 1800’s and Hall’s descriptions pulled me into the story as though I was living in the book. This was good and bad. I got so engrossed in Adrienne’s struggle I wanted to save her. My heart broke for her as she was being abused by her horrid Aunt. But Adrienne was a strong spirit, doing the best with what she had. I admired that. She draws strength from the memories of her Grandfather when she has been pushed almost to her breaking point.
This was a 5 star book right up until the very end.  I wish the writer would've prolonged the ending.  I read a LOT.  As an editor, I read with my job 8 hours a day and then read for pleasure at least an hour a night.  The book was well edited and the writing flowed seamlessly.  The story was engaging and the reader was easily able to feel the excitement, the desolation, the fear and sadness of the main character.  As a reader, I was drawn into this far away time in this far away land.  Then in a matter of what felt like only a few pages, it ends.  Abruptly.  I just wish the ending had as much elaboration, explanation and the same draw I found in the rest of the book.  Great effort.  I would read more from this author.  The fact that it was loosely based on true characters made it all the more appealing. I definitely would recommend it.
I'm not sure how I feel about this book. The writing was fair and the storyline somewhat engaging. But then it was as if the author said 'Surprise! You thought this was going to be your typical historical fiction/romance? Think again!' I can't say it was so much disappointing as unsettling. A bit like reading a story where the main character wakes up at the end to discover it was all a dream. I think if I had read the epilogue first it may have helped, as I didn't know going into it that the story was based on historical data ( I skipped the prologue too--started reading it but got bored). Although, the ending also felt quite rushed, which probably contributed to my feeling startled by it. I think if you're a fan of this author it is probably worth a read; or if, like me, you got it free as a Kindle First. Otherwise I'd give it a miss.
I kept reading this book, hoping that Adrienne would somehow get a happy ending. She and Gerard were the only characters I liked in this story. Marie was merely a spoiled bully who was never stood up to. I firmly believe a stern talking to by her father would have put her in her face. Genevieve was spineless. I don't care how passive you are as a person, a mother is a mother and should always protect her children. I like stories that are haunting and complex. I don't mind the conflict and sadness in the novel, but I really hope for an uplifting ending. When I write books I make sure to give my protagonist a hopeful ending. I gave the story two stars because the scene descriptions are well done and the author does a really good job of making you hate virtually everyone. Other than that the story just pulls you down and never lets up.
I just finished this book, and though it didn't keep me awake at night to see what happens next, it certainly kept me interested. Based on a true story, this historical novel set in France and Colorado in the 1800's was very well researched. The characters, all fictionalized, of course, ran the gamut of evil personified to so self-effacing it made me want to smack her/him (no spoiler). I like happily-ever-after endings usually, and this book did not have that, but it was satisfying. The author's ability to flesh out characters, and place the reader in the scene is excellent. This is a novel that kept me thinking about it after I turned off the Kindle. I even looked up the town in Colorado and think I will take a trip to the "castle" to see the actual setting for myself. For history/ paranormal/suspense readers, I recommend.
This book was awful. The characters are flat and lifeless and the whole thing was dull. It's not even a ghost story.
I was kind of disappointed in the way this book.ended but overall it was a good read and I was unable to put it down
This book started out decently enough; an odd glimpse of aristocratic life, something like "Downton Abbey", I'd imagine (though that's a guess, I've never watched more than a couple minutes).  Eventually I had to give up, though, as the main character was so frustratingly simple and naive that it became like watching a horror film when people yell, "No!  Don't open that door!" even though everyone knows that is exactly what will happen and the psycho will chop some folks into little pieces.<br/><br/>I understand having a naive character, and a pampered and sheltered girl like the protagonist is expected to be so, but come on.  Eventually you'd think she'd figure it out, and get at least a little suspicious of people.  Instead I lost all sympathy as she repeatedly let herself be taken advantage of and led to ruin.
While the premise for this novel is interesting, it comes across as clearly a story trying to meet with its historical context, rather than a cohesive and fluid narrative. The point of view, an alternating third-person, is unsteady as it whips around trying to get a grasp on all the characters instead of focusing on one, making the main character difficult to pinpoint throughout the book. Until about halfway through, unsure of who the main character really is or what the immediate problem of the story is, the narrative progresses slowly and uncertainly. Miramont's Ghost gives a thorough portrait of the family and characters involved, but in covering a time-span of years and so many characters, what we get instead of a heart-pounding ghost story is a meandering tale where the reader is simply never quite certain what is going on.
I really enjoyed this book. I got it for free as part of Kindle First. I live in Colorado, so I enjoyed the descriptions of Colorado past. I really like Adrienne. My heart broke for her as her clairvoyance was so misunderstood. Marie was a great character as the bad guy - cold and extremely calculating. The book had a great pace and the constant mystery of what would happen to Adrienne and what she would learn. I was quite surprised toward the end. I really didn't expect that turn. I read this book in just over a day. The story line and characters were interesting and there weren't a lot of dull parts. I didn't really love the final ending, I wished for a little more. I would definitely read other works by Elizabeth Hall, she had a good writing style. I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys historical fiction or mystery novels
This is not a ghost story by my definition. It is the story of a young girl, Adrienne, brought to the castle from France under false pretenses by her aunt. After arriving at the castle Adrienne is treated as a servant, brutalized by her aunt and cousin, and commits suicide. The ghost only appears at the very end of the book, does nothing, and has nothing to with Adrienne's story except the suicide. The historical part of the story is based on the builder and building of the Miramont Castle in Colorado USA. The only exception I noted is that according to the people working in the castle the ghost is said to be a nun who killed herself after finding out she was pregnant rather then the servant girl Adrienne. It's not a bad book but I consider it a worthwhile read only if you have nothing else to do on a transcontinental flight.
I, as many other reviewers stated, was led eagerly to this book by its hype and description. Unfortunately, the best thing about Miramont's Ghost is the Afterword wherein the history is laid out. I thought as I read, " Now there's a story."<br/>As far as what you get in the actual text- a boring, dragged out, frustratingly undramatic tale told with weak compliant, uninteresting, and exceedingly boring characters, not one of whom seems to have the least bit of interest in mastering his or her own fate- and that goes for the ghost, too. A supposed spine-tingling gothic ghost story told in a castle and we don't even have a single good haunting. Hall is a good writer, but this is weak story-telling-- made even weaker when one is privy to the historical facts. I would not recommend nor chose to read another by this writer.
'Miramont's Ghost' by Elizabeth Hall is the story of Adrienne, the grand daughter of the Comte and part of a famous and rich family in France. It seems that little Adrienne has inherited her grandmother's ability to have 'visions' of future events. This ability causes problems for her family as the servants and town people talk about Adrienne. Adrienne is also persecuted by her aunt. Adrienne's gift leads her into more trouble. Her aunt steals her away to America where things get much worse.<br/><br/>I found the beginning of the story to be interesting and I felt for young Adrienne and her isolation. I didn't find the other characters to be as equally interesting. I soon lost sympathy for Adrienne's plight, as she was incapable of helping herself. The ending really was a let down and I found the story to be just sad.
This book left totally depressed couldn't shake that sense of mourning don't read this if you tend to be depressed
Great account of a priest in Colorado Springs at the turn of the century and a "theory" about reported hauntings.
I enjoyed this book. Yes it was depressing at the end,  but it felt tragically honest. My biggest critique is that I didn't really understand Julien's character. Adding the child molestation was disturbingly intriguing. That's when Julien became a horrible,  but interesting character.  However though the escalation to rape was predictable, it was also anticlimactic. I didn't find Julian's dialogue after the rape believable.  Then for the rest of the book it doesn't happen again? I think it would have been more believable if it were a reoccurring abuse.  The reader is left hating his character,  but also conflicted because he gets her medical help.  Then he's burying her body? Something just doesn't flow and that is why I gave this book 4 stars. I really enjoyed the relationship between Adrienne and the Comte.
I liked most of this book - it's different from the usual books that I read. I thought it would be a ghost story or a haunted house story, but instead it's a rather sad tale of a young French woman who has visions that scare her family and the people of her church and town, and the consequences she endures because of them. The book held my interest even though it wasn't the fastest pace book I've ever read, due to fairly rich character development and a touch of mystery. However, the ending was a complete let-down. I thought there could have been more to the ending than Ms. Hall gave us. I kind of wrote my own ending in my head that was much more satisfying. The story is based on real people and real events which I didn't know until I read the epilogue, so if you read this book, be sure to read the epilogue.
I like books with happy endings. Everything kept going wrong all the time. I felt it was too depressing to read.
I didn't enjoy this book so much because there is just no payoff at the end. Just shoot me, but I prefer books that end with either happiness or hope and this didn't end in either. It also didn't have many likeable characters and all the likeable characters get shafted. So it's just not a book that makes you feel good.<br/><br/>Also, I bought this because it promised to be horror/ghostly. It was neither for the entirety of the book except for a brief visitation in the last few pages which wasn't even scary because.... well that would be telling. So that was a real let down.<br/><br/>The author obviously researched her setting, and in some cases the writing was reasonable, but in others I found it to be trite and didn't flow too well. There's also little exploration in some of the key characters.
I really enjoyed this book.  I picked it as a Kindle First and was glad I did.  It was really well written and I was totally pulled in.  It is a dark story but I knew that going in from the reviews.  I loved Adrienne and how she the other characters were so well developed.  The story is richly told and hauntingly tragic.  I was a little worried about some of the reviews that mentioned rape and pedophilia and I was dreading those parts but I have to say that that part is brief(a couple of paragraphs) and it's done as a flashback memory when she is older (17?).  As horrible as the flashback was, I think that disgust is part of what makes the ending of the story so powerful.  Over all it was a really good book and I am glad I took a chance on it.
When four year old Adrienne begins to have visions of the future as her grandmother had, she is not heralded as gifted, but branded as an imaginative liar and perhaps even a little bit crazy. When her protector, her grandfather, dies, she is left to the mercies of those who have no love for her. She cannot figure out what she has done that is so terrible that everyone she loves is negatively affected. It is a sad and melancholy story of an innocent who only wants a little happiness, love and a way into the light. Powerful, emotional, sadly affecting and often disturbing. Well written, well researched and based on real life legends and stories. If this is Hall's first book, I can't wait for the next one.  I expect great things in the future. Review by Sandy Penny, Founder of SweetMysteryBooks.com
For the authors first book, this is amazing...The main Character goes from a little girl to the ghost of Miramont manor...She is delightful most of the way through the book...The ending made me think of a good reason why she cant leave the manor...To not give it away lets just say she is still physically there and all the others left the manor before the ending of the book...There is 1 or 2 very dark characters in this story, that keep you in suspence of what they are thinking constantly...They are the last to leave the manor...It also proves that what has been going on with priests and children has been going on for decades, in the Catholic Church...This story is partly fiction and partly true...The author clearly states at the end of the book the true parts that are proven to have happened...
I bought this Ebook as an Amazon First Read. I have to say I am pleasantly surprised! The beginning is a bit hard to get through. There is mystery and intrigue, but at times I thought "where is this going?" and "the pace has to pick up,right?"  Well it did! Clairvoyance, family rivalry that leads to hatred, and dark family secrets made the second half of this book fly by! I think it took me 2 days to read the first half and 4 hours to read the last. I was even more pleasantly surprised to read the "afterwards" section written by the author. This castle was based loosely on stories of a real castle and the stories people have told about it. Had I know. That to begin with I would have flew through the book, but none the less, very good writing. I look forward to reading more books by this author.
Started reading this and couldn't put it down. Didn't know until the end that it was a real place in Colorado.
If you don't like to read about real things that happen behind doors, ones that no one wants to acknowledge, then look elsewhere. This is a very good historical tale, where Innocence is destroyed and reality about justice rings true. I couldn't put this book down. All the characters are well rounded enough and the story flows, yet there are times when it gets chompy. I realize this is her first novel, which she did very well on, but I would defiantly like to see more on the visions. I won't say more; you just have to read it. Bring a squishy ball to let your rage out. This book is very emotional and rage was on the top of this list. You will defiantly feel for this character. Really awesome tale! Ignore the ignorance of the other reviews that don't see the book for what it really is about.
I tried to like this book, I really did. The main character was well-imagined, but her consistently bad decision making and naivety led to a storyline where one bad thing happened after another. There wasn't a rollercoaster of good and bad weaved throughout the book. Nothing to look forward to or hope for. Once you catch on that everything that is bad that can happen will happen, the plot becomes predictable and it becomes a long, slow ride to the finish. The book just felt too long for what it was. If there were more positive events happening to the main character, the bad ones would seem even worse, but ultimately the plot ended up numbing the reader to the pain of the protagonist. I'd say you could read either the first half or the last half of the story and not really lose out on much.
I got this free as a Kindle First deal, and I wasn't sure if I'd like it or not because of the ghost bit. I think that the author was too attached to the ghost portion of the story (because that was her inspiration), since the book is not about a haunting and it's hardly about ghosts. It's dark, yes, but in a way that makes a person think and feel. The end was highly disappointing as it all spiraled into really depressing subjects and her already bleak life became absolutely miserable until I felt as if I were experiencing the opposite of deus ex machina when *SPOILER* her lover dies at sea trying to come rescue her. *END OF SPOILER* I felt like the end and her death were rushed into, like a bad romance. I expect that the author's next novel, if there is another one, will be excellent.
I couldn't put the book down! I fell in love with Adrienne and despised her enemies. It was a Wonderful read!
I'm sorry to say this book could have been a short story.  It was highly predictable and very redundant even down to using the same phrases over and over again.  You knew from the beginning that this was a very sad person but all ghosts are or they wouldn't be ghosts.  None, of the characters are well, developed they are either good or bad with no shading.  You are given one or two turns that might have been interesting had it been hinted at earlier, so you could play along to make it suspenseful, but this didn't happen.  Even the village people are unpleasant, the girl's mother is weak, her aunt is evil her grandfather was wonderful but dies early on in the book.  I just wouldn't recommend it to anyone, that enjoys a good mystery or a good ghost story because it is none of those.
This is an excellent book. Ms. Hall takes some basic historical details and weaves a fictional tail based on those historical facts. This book begins in France and shows a happy little girl and reveals her clairvoyance. As we watch her grow, we see her family's inability to protect her from an evil aunt who brings her to the new world and forces her to become a servant. Then we see how the aunt and her son mistreat the girl and how the girl has envisioned the end of her life. But this book is not what one expects and we see our hearts get broken to understand what actually happens to this girl during her life. This book is full of character development and story. The story is beautifully told. This is the first book for Ms. Hall, and let me say, I hope there will be more to come!
I like to read stories about strong willed people.  The fact that the main character is this story is weak.  She is weak in mind and spirit.  Adrienne allowed herself to be herded around by people and circumstances.  If she had stood up for herself and pitched a fit sometimes she would have been more impressive.  She allowed herself to be put in the power of a woman she feared and hated with no arguments at all.  I read the entire book, but I won't be reading any more from this author.  The whole story line was frustrating and irritating to me.  The fact that the main character commits suicide just showed me more of how weak minded and cowardly she was.  I didn't care for any character in this book. It is hard to stick with a book when you don't care about any of the characters.
Read in two days.  Held my interest from first chapter.  I will try another book by the same author sometime
There were things I liked about this book such as it's historical basis, it's main plot, the development of a character with second sight, it's ghost, and some of its descriptive language. However, it had for me a huge amount of redundancy that a good editor could have slashed out. It also needed some relief in its sinister, sad, depressive story line. Even in real life, people with difficult lives find times of happiness. Unlucky people have at least short runs of luck. Other than a few days with a grand father and then with a young man, which were described throughout the book relentlessly, there was no light in the dark tunnel.  For me a book doesn't have to be realistic and we know from the title that this one might not be, but it does need at least moments of lightness.
If you're looking for a book full of happy endings, this is not the book for you.<br/><br/>Our protagonist has a gift (or curse): clairvoyance. The book follows her life, from childhood through yound adulthood, and the pitfalls therein -- especially those associated with a wicked aunt who fears you only slightly more than she loathes you. This certainly isn't a ghost story -- rather, it's about how a ghost story begins, and how hauntings may come about.<br/><br/>The book wasn't bad, per se; nor was it precisely good. I continued reading because it was easy to read, and I was fairly engaged, although I could see where things were going; however, towards the end, the author added in several unnecessary (to me) plot twists.<br/><br/>Overall: meh (to put it succinctly).
This was a great read, I found myself thinking about the story all day and couldn't wait to get back to it!
I purchased this book and then read some of the reviews and wondered if I had made a mistake.  The reviews that I read talked about what a dark book this was.  I have to respectfully disagree.  This book is certainly not a light hearted read.  However, it is well written.  I found the characters to be well written with good character development that drew me into the story.  I loved the afterward with clarification of historical fact vs fiction in the story.  While there doesn't seem to be any positive spins in the story, there is a final release allowing the main character Adrienne her first taste of freedom.  Please note that this book does contain descriptive rape and pedophilia scenes.
Based on historical personages and a real building in Colorado, reportedly haunted.<br/>Parts of this novel are fascinating, but Ms. Hall stumbles in her pacing early on and never quite recovers. The characters are just a shade off - not quite fully fleshed out - and their motivations hazy throughout. Near the end the author drops psych 101 explanations of their actions, but since since the ostensibly supporting backstory is revealed at the same time, this just flattens the characters beyond redemption.<br/>It's still worth a read. The author can turn a phrase from time to time. Although repetitious, she had a knack for describing places ( with one exception, but don't want to spoil it!). Ms. Hall has potential - but she hasn't reached it here.
I didn't have a problem with the writing, which was better than some of my recent reads. My problem lies in the story's ending. It is miserably depressing. I get that it is based on actual events and that you need a ghost for it to be a ghost story. Still, I need some light at the end of the tunnel at some point. For all the horror the main character experiences in her life, I wanted there to be something that makes it worth it in the end. It's always disappointing when you are captivated by a book and then find an ending that makes you wish you had never began reading it. It's almost as if the author became caught up in her own great story and then remembered at the last minute that it was supposed to tie in with the real Miramont Castle story.
I thoroughly enjoyed Miramont's Ghost and could be frequently found sneaking away to get a chance to read it. Being a historical fiction buff I found this book to be right up my alley. The writing was very descriptive and really put you in the scenes of the book making you feel as though you were witnessing what was going on. While some people complain about how dark it is and emotionally draining, I found it to be clear and honest. Not everyone's life can be a fairy tale or end happily ever after the way Disney does. I look forward to more books by Elizabeth Hall.<br/><br/>I would have given the book 5 stars but I do agree with some others that the ending felt rushed towards the end, like she wanted to finish the book. Overall, a great read!
Sluggish plot, pedestrian writing, and one-dimensional characters -- I barely made it half way through.
This is not exactly a ghost story.  It has all the classic elements of one though. The main character, Adrienne, a young child with a unique gift.  Her mother, never caring about her children and caught in a bad marriage. Her Grande pere, her grandfather who loved her so, and / who Adrienne can find peace and live with. Her  evil aunt Marie , who hates her and her son Jullienne, a priest who was supposed to be a diplomat.<br/>The story reads well and is an easy read. The fist half of the book, IMO could have been condensed a bit as the description of Adrienne's life growing up was very wordy.<br/>I would recommend this story of betrayal, sadness and hopelessness, but definitely not ghost story.
The book was well written and I found that I couldn't put down the dark tale. Only one of the characters in the story had any substance at all, which I found to be a shame, as there were a few that could have proved to be interesting assets to the tale. The ending also left much to be desired. It felt like the author just grew bored with the writing process and tried to just wrap the story up too quickly. It left me with the feeling that there could have been more to the story, as opposed to an ending left too many loose ends. An engrossing tale for a quick read, but be prepared for the sudden and disappointing ending.
The good news is I got this book as a free download for my Kindle. The description sounded excellent; the reality is not. While the author's writing is decent, the plot just isn't there. From the title of the book, one would think there would be a ghost involved -- but actually, no there isn't. There's a hint of a ghost, but only at the very, very end of the book. There are many, many times in the book where the main character could have/should have acted differently. In order to make the storyline work, the author had to include convoluted events and coincidences. I understand the author being intrigued by the historical facts of Miramont's Castle, but the story she put together is pretty lame.
This was a good, easy read. I became so engrossed in the book, it was hard to put down. Yes, there were some dark subject matters touched upon here, but in my opinion, it was not done distasteful but moreso to add depth to the characters and situations and did not condone it by any means. The relationship between the aunt and her son was a strong focal point of much of the book in my opinion as it seemed that everything bad that happened to Adrienne was due in some part to her aunt trying to keep secrets.  I'm not sure that I would have titled the book as the author did, as it does seem to elude to being a book about a haunted castle or ghosts, which it is not except for a few pages at the end.
I have had a Kindle fire for going on a year and this is the first book that I have read that I can honestly say that I didn't really like. When I first started reading it I liked the characters and the way she was building a story. But then I came to a point where the story went downhill and was one of the most dark and depressing stories that I have ever read. Just when you think that it can't get any darker or lower.....It does. To me the best parts of the book are the beginning and the afterward where she brings up the historical facts of the castle in the story. If you like reading a book that turns into a depressing ghost story then you may like it. As for me, I really didn't care for it.
The story this book tells is very well done in the beginning of the book.  It has all the right elements: interesting characters, strong sense of setting, good plot.  However, I was disappointed with the end, it felt very abrupt.  Its almost as if the author forced the guts of one book into a beginning and end of some other story.  Its hard to describe without spoilers, but I really wanted the same characterizations and attention to detail in the present time that the author devoted to the past of the main character.  I don't think that there were enough supporting events to merit the transition the main character experiences at the end of the book.  Good writing, but I wanted more follow up.
I'm giving this 2 stars only because the first half of the book held my interest, but then it took an awful, depressing turn. I kept reading, hoping for some kind of redemption, but there was none. All of the main characters except the Grandfather turned out to be terrible people or total weaklings. I hated the end. This is probably the only time I wish I had read a review with spoilers. The main character, who I was rooting for, turns out to be a pathetic weakling with no gumption at all. I know that life isn't always fair and the good guys don't always win, but if that's what I wanted for entertainment I'd watch the nightly news. The entire end of the book was disappointing and depressing
This book bored me to tears. I tried to read it all the way through, I really did, but I could only make it a third of the way through before I had to stop. The synopsis sounded very interesting, but the author's writing is repetitive and often there seems to be no point to the narrative which keeps reiterating the same plot elements that have already been established. Perhaps the book gets more interesting further down the line, but after slogging through over 80 pages of exposition that could have easily been condensed down to half that much, it still hadn't managed to move the story along in any meaningful way. Unless you are a very patient and determined reader, I would skip this one.
I thought this would be more about a ghost.  However, it was about how the ghost came to be in the house.  The story was good and I really felt sympathy for the lead.  I found myself liking her so much I wanted her to be happy and get the best life had to offer. But all she really got was the short end of the stick in life.  I absolutely hated her Aunt, gosh I wanted her to pay for her actions.  Now that I'm typing this, I really must have liked the book. I have very strong feelings about these people.  I feel those that did wrong should have paid.  And I wish those that lost would have lead happy full lives. I finished the book over a month ago and I still feel passionately about it.
Warning-spoiler<br/>The Author told a compelling story.  She wrote so well, it definitely had me thoroughly and emotionally involved.  At one point, I was getting so angry at one of the characters, I wished I could personally punch them in the nose, or better yet, wring their neck!  So the story was very well told, and then it all fell apart in the end.  The ending was completely unsatisfactory in every way.  Two of the characters get to ride off and are never heard from again, and the young heroine left to wander the halls as a ghost?  Not happy with that ending at all, and that is why I only gave it 3 stars.  If it's  fiction, so make up something better to end the tale, next time.
I was craving a decent gothic story set in another time.  This book satisfied my need and kept me engaged over the two weeks I spent reading it.  The author did a good job of pulling me in, making me curious about what would happen next, and holding my attention until the end.  But the book felt long and at times I wanted to skip ahead.  It definitely placed me squarely in the time period, and the author's use of imagery to bring the story to life made it exactly what I was looking for.  Many of the characters were hard to like, but I think this was by design.  Honestly, many of the characters let our protagonist down or even brutally harmed her.  I doubt we were meant to like them.
After reading the author's explanation of the historical reference, aside from the promotional gimmick value, I felt that there was really no reason to connect it to Miramont Castle in Colorado. The story was dragged on way to long for what was presented, it felt like every time you thought you had a grasp on it, she would veer off onto another type of crisis, and the end result is that the story just doesn't seem to match up all the way through. Adrienne was a total disappointment for a main character and the story did not live up to the book's description. I especially disliked the way the author ended with such a disjointed attempt at an existential moral-to-the-story lecture.
I really, really wanted to like this book. At first, it was so promising and quite intriguing. Until I realized there was going to be absolutely no character development. So many questions left unanswered and I absolutely did NOT care about any character. The "heroine" is a whiny, woe is me, weak girl that, quite honestly, I was happy when her POV ended. I was gritting my teeth at her helplessness the whole time. And Marie! Why was everyone SO terrified of this short woman that smelled like lavender? Really?! Sure she was a little manipulative but c'mon that is as bad as she got. I really think the author has promise and this story could be redeemed with several changes.
I could not put it down. I loved this book. Keep will be looking forward to her next , novel.
This is the longest time I have ever taken to read a book, simply because I couldn't decide whether to stop reading or to continue on with the story. It was boring and unimaginative all the way up to Adrienne being forced to move to America. Literally half of the book is unnecessary storytelling and transitions that had nothing to do with the "plot" of the story. Speaking of the "plot", it was personally too much for me to stay interested in. Almost like sensory and information overload. I'm used to reading a book this length in a couple of days....this book bored me but also intrigued me just slightly enough that I finished it in two weeks. I don't think it's for everyone.
Imagine a ghost story involving a tragic figure, destined to wander a decrepit castle forever. Throw in an uncaring mother, an evil aunt, a child molesting cousin, a governess sleeping with the master, a dead fiance and by the way, everyone gets away with all their crimes and the only likeable person in the story kills herself and her unborn child. Sound like a fun read? Well, then by all means, buy this book.
The story is flat out depressing!  I enjoyed the style of writing I think the author is quite talented but the story was one heartbreak after another and in the end it was still so sad.  I liked the historical fact weaved into the story but since it was fiction couldn't we have had a little joy for Adrienne?  Just a little?  It was a page turner for the simple fact you wanted something good to happen to this poor girl.  Didn't happen!  If you want to read about rape, murder, mental and physical abuse AND the secrets kept by a molesting priest then this is the book for you.  Again I say the author did a fantastic writing job otherwise I would not have finished the story.
This a story told about a French girl who gets tricked by her aunt into traveling with her to Santa Fe, New Mexico, just as she is about to get engaged to a young man who adores her.  Aunt and niece are goiing to keep house for the Aunt's son, who is a priest.  He has a very dark side and the main character is psychic and has always been able to see into other people's lives.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the tension between various family members.  It wasn't always clear what everyone's motives were for their actions, but that was mystery the reader is trying to solve.  I thought it was a quick and fun read that had a good setting (France and then Santa Fe) as well as darkness.
I gave this book four stars because it  was very well written. The detail of the main character was impressive and the story drew me in from the first. Having said that, there is no doubt that this is a very depressing read. I suppose you can't have a ghost without a victim, but this girl was astonishingly passive and I found I really had little sympathy for her. In fact most of the characters were portrayed as passive, simply flowing along in their lives accepting impossible situations with no complaint. It was hard to cheer for any of them. The only character with any cajones was the aunt, who managed to accomplish a great deal of evil with no one to stand in her way.
The storyline captured the history of the characters and time period with just the right amount of "stretch" to make a believable ghost story. I certainly gasped a time or two at the end, showing that Hall developed the characters to the extent that I cared about them. But what really gave the book five (plus) stars is the stunning imagery Hall's writing evoked. I was excited throughout to read Hall's descriptions and study her word choices. Even the most common setting or situation was written with new detail/imagery and with the perfect amount of figurative language that created impact and intrigue while ensuring continued reader's attention. Exceptional writing!!!!!
I thought this book was only okay.  The first part of the book set in France became somewhat repetitious with frequent examples of the main character's visions.  As the book continued I became less and less engaged with Adrienne.  I just couldn't find it believable that she became such a victim of her aunt and couldn't figure out some way to fight back.  I also figured out much of the "mystery" surrounding Adrienne and her family before the author revealed it.  At one point I was ready to quit reading but then was so close to the end I just stuck it out.  I guess I kept hoping the book would get better.  I'm just glad I didn't actually buy it.
What a fantastic first novel!  Beginning with such sweet innocence and growing ever more darker as you read it.  But at the very end there is something wonderful.  All I will say is when we love and care for ourselves not all can be sad and dark.  Do not wish to spoil the read for anyone this is one of the best.  Who is to say it is not true?  Elizabeth's extensive research shows that most of the story is rooted in facts.  Would love to know more about this priests family in France.  The castle is beautiful if I am ever in Colorado I would love to tour it.  Again this is extremely well written with complex believable characters and very atomospheric.
E. Hall's writing had me flipping the pages to get to the next episode. She is able to engage the reader and make the reader feel like she is there present in what she is describing. She writes vividly and you can almost imagine what she is describing is in front of you. One thing I didn't like is the death of Adrienne. It seemed like she suffered so much without respite and in the end she dies. I like happy endings and this one didn't. I felt that Marie and Julien should have had some punishment meted out equal to what they had done. I felt so sorry for Adrienne not getting any justice. But I am not the author and I liked her style of writing.
The 1st half of this book was fine--even interesting, But by the second half, reading had become tedious and painful--a literal study in self flagellation.  This book was dark, malignant and Morose. In fact, I regret the money and time I spent on this literary blight. I make it a point to to finish a book, however I couldn't...I just couldn't. I cared about the protagonist, but I already knew she died from the prologue so the only point of finish would have been focused on a mostvefficiant and prolific antagonist.<br/>It was already sooo depressing BEFORE the end of the first half. So yeah, blow your cash on this if you wish but CAVEAT EMPTOR.
I received this book free from Amazon and decided to read it.  The first 2/3 of the book honestly was quite boring and I struggled to get through it.  Felt like I was reading a woman's novel and just was not interested at all.  The last third of the book however really picks up the pace and actually gets quite dark.  The ending to me was extremely disappointing and really just made me wonder why I bothered to read this novel in its entirety.  Give the book a shot if you can find it free or cheap but don't expect much out of it. Also, the title is misleading.  This is far from being a ghost story - it's just an extremely sad tale, nothing more.
Good story about a girl who is different - no spoilers! - you'll have to read it to find out how she's different.  Best thing in the book is her loving relationship with her grandfather.  Sadly, she misinterprets his last words to her and becomes isolated.  Her life takes another turn and she ends up in a gorgeous castle in Colorado (for real, there is a castle there).<br/><br/>Some reviews said it was a ghost story, but it's not.  Only the last 50 pages or so.  Disappointing in that way.<br/><br/>This is a sad story about how isolated people can get when they have no one to love.  But also shows how forgiveness can transform your life.
Wish I had a 1/2 star. Couldn't decide between 2 and 3, but opted for 3 because some readers might like it better. Definitely a good read, but too depressing for my taste. I don't read depressing books, unless they're great literature. I'm not insulting the author, obviously she not looking for this to be a great book. Here we have a beautiful heroine, who we meet at age 7, but starting with the death of the grandfather, who adores her, the head of the family is a villainous aunt, so villainous, it strains credulity. No explanation is offered, she just seems to be mean for her own sake. I'll say no more; I don't want to give away the plot.
A very great book that uses the actual "ghost" at Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs, Colorado.<br/><br/>The author does alter the name of the priest and his mother that form the basis of the story. This is probably due the claims of pedophilia that were made against the priest back in the 1880s. Their real names are revealed after the story of the book is concluded. Elizabeth Hall does a great job of weaving the priest and his mother with the heroine of the story. I do not want to spoil the ending, so, I will just say that the book is very enjoyable, and don't be alarmed if it takes a while for the book to become a ghost story.
It starts very slowly with a lovely little girl,  ...I will admit I got this because Amazon offered it too me as a bonus book.  I normally do not read this style of "Victorian era" books. But it sneaks up on you,  I kept saying I really don't like these books, and then would read another 20 pages.  Her pacing is very subtle and before you realize it, you care about the characters and can not put it down.  You have to finish it.  If this genre were my cup of tea, it would probably be  5 star book.  The fact that I  gave it four stars,  when normally i would throw this style of book across the room,  means it was pretty good indeed.
All in all not a terrible story.  I enjoyed Adrienne as a child.  The way the author wrote her in the beginning of the book made me actually think of how real children act.  When I got further into the book, I did not care for Adrienne as much.  I understand that certain circumstances change people but the change in older Adrienne did not really seem believable.  Actually the whole second half (ish) of the book did not really seem believable.  I do not want to give spoilers away but the way Adrienne's mom, aunt and cousin acted was just over the top.  I get that its a fiction book but the way these characters played out was just too much.
If I had not read the," about the author " notes I would never believe this to be a first novel.  The characters are so very real<br/>That it seems almost as if one is reading lightly edited excerpts from a set of diaries or journals giving the details of a life, both from the point of view of the grandfather who loves her and her own, edited to change any I, me, my or mine to she or her.<br/>It does not hurt that there is a historical skeleton under the story to give it shape and substance, but the story and the  telling of it are the author's own .<br/>Truly a superior read.  I look forward to finding more works by this author soon
This is the first book I stopped reading because it was so appalling. At first I was irritated by the author's writing style, but I was slightly intrigued with the main character. The main character eventually grated on me as well...and then the story took a very disturbing turn. I've read dark books, but the darkness in this book didn't have a purpose, in my opinion. From reading other reviews, I got the sense that there wasn't a happy ending for any of the characters and the book continued to be dim, depressing and tragic. Perhaps it's not fair to review a book that I didn't finish reading, but that fact in and of itself is telling.
I ordered this book as one of my free books as a Prime subscriber; it's not the type of book I would ordinarily order or pay for. The story is focused primarily about a young girl's clairvoyant abilities and how this works against her in her very dysfunctional family. In a nutshell, that's about it. I kept hoping for something positive to happen for this girl but the storyline just kept getting darker and more dismal as I read on. In fact, the ending is quite disturbing as other reviewers have written. I wish the Editor's description as well as the general description had included that the story is really about child abuse. Sad story.
I loved this book! It's one of those books that makes you stay up way past your bedtime, simply because you can't bear to put it down. Thoughts of the story creep into your day and you can't wait to get home and pick up your Kindle to find out what happens next.<br/>At turns grim and beautiful, sorrowful and ecstatic, 'Miramont's Ghost' is a page turner that keeps the reader completely enthralled. The ending....WOW. I am seriously debating whether or not to read it all over again, just so I can experience everything now that all the pieces have fallen into place!<br/>Recommend for readers 17+, as it deals with some sensitive issues.
This was the first book in a long time that I really couldn't put down.  I found myself reading it whenever  I had some downtime.  It is a story of a girl and her family, a gift of sight (which is more a curse) a benelovent grandpa and a scheming evil aunt.  It spans from post revolutionary France to Colorado's golden era and is loosely based on a local mountain ghost story of a French Maid named Henriette (gives you the backstory of how she came to be there) .  If this is confusing... Don't let it keep you from reading this book.  It is really well done all ho ugh he ending was not what I expected or wanted it was so worth it!!
I enjoyed this book.  It had the right balance of character development, plot interest and historical detail that make a book interesting to me.  There is very little joy or happiness in this book, just be prepared for that.  Before reading this book, I read snippets/reviews that this book was reminiscent of 'Rebecca'.  I would not say it is anywhere near Rebecca as far as depth of character development or elegance of writing.  The mood, some of the scenes/scenery and the undertone of sinister behavior and helplessness are as close as I would come to comparing it to the du Maurier classic.  Overall, I would recommend, however!
I don't normally read ghost stories... I should have known better than to download this one.  I could hardly put it down.... I just had to find out what was going to happen to the young girl who had visions.<br/><br/>I kept hoping the visions would be beneficial to the child needless to say I was disappointed in that area.  Of course I just kept reading in hopes her situation would improve.<br/><br/>Now I'm left feeling extremely depressed and looking for something a little lighter to start reading before I fall asleep.  Maybe I'll try one of my favorite space adventures.... I'd rather face aliens than ghosts I my dreams.
Disclaimer: I generally dislike ghost stories unless they're funny. Nevertheless, I read through the entire book, because the characterization was intriguing at first. At the end of the first part, the plot line suddenly changed direction, and was mostly dropped from the second part. This was more like the two parts were totally different books that had characters in common who happened to have the same names. Subsequently, the plot no longer made any sense. Once I finished the book, it seemed to me that the second part should have been the main story, with the first part woven in to provide the back story. Overall, a miss.
I'm not sure what to make of this story. At different points I would have described it as a historical romance and at others as an old fashioned Gothic melodrama — complete with evil schemers and a mysterious castle. I like Elizabeth Hall's idea of imagining the back story of a ghost haunting a real place with a real, if incomplete, history she could use as her starting point. I just wish she had gotten the meat of the story moving earlier and that she resisted the "perils of Pauline" aspects of the plot. Piling tragic turn after tragic turn upon the helpless shoulders of the protagonist wears on the reader, too.
Very interesting premise with a storyline that keeps your attention. So much so, that I started reading it Monday after dinner and stayed up all night till I finished it.<br/>I don't give away the story lines in reviews, but I'll say this, The ending is not what you would expect.  As a matter of fact, much of the book has times where the unexpected pops up.<br/>There's an obvious villain, and helpless  adult, and you can't help but wish for something good to happen.<br/>You'll have to read it to find out if it happens or not, but I have to say, this was well written, intriguing, and kept me up until 5 in the morning!
Miramont's Ghost was a well written tragic story.  The characters were very well developed and you can easily picture how they would look and act if they were alive.  It painted a perfect fictional picture of the mystery surrounding the Miramont Castle.  I was distraught that the main character had very few champions in her life and those who were were taken from her leaving her isolated despite the family she had left.  I wish her character was a bit stronger and put up more of a resistance but I suppose given her past and her "condition" her fear of the consequences, had she exposed her gift, was too great.
I enjoy gothic stories, but not this one. The first third is good and keeps to the genre, but it slowly begins to unravel and by the time you get to the end it is a hot mess. I didn't mind the violent, graphic sections, but it all seemed contrived. It moves slowly, then suddenly lurches forward like a train starting up. A plot device will get thrown in but not developed.<br/>The ending is most unsatisfying and jarring, as if the author couldn't figure out how to write her way out or was on a deadline and had two hours to wrap it all up. Should have known when I kept putting it down and coming back to it days later.
***Possible Spoiler Alert!!!!  The book started out great and was well written but the ending of the book was just a let down (in my opinion). There's a reason that I don't like to read drama & it's because some of the books remain a drama until the very end, making me feel like I wished that I didn't waste my time even reading it.<br/><br/>There were injustices in this book that were never rectified & there was unfairness that was never confronted. There were no apologies or regrets by those who did all of the injustices & unfairness. There was only shame for being found out & running from their crimes.
I was somewhat led positively into the story by the portrayal of the heroine Adrienne, although the tone in the first part of the story is monotonous.  There is no tension. One wonders where all this vague pleasantness is leading. I almost gave up, but decided to continue. The last two-thirds of the story is unrelenting evil which the heroine does nothing to deserve. All, every tiny chink of daylight peeping into the cell of her life, hope is immediately squashed like a bug. I came away wondering who would believe this melodrama, and what was the point. Save yourself some time and money and skip this one.
Usually I like gothic suspense, but this one was so relentlessly dark and depressive that I quit reading after chapter 35 and skipped to the last three chapters to confirm my gloomy suspicions. I can only bear so much "turning of the screw" before I have to break away. **Spoiler alert: Contains sexual content that may be triggering for some abuse survivors. Three stars, though, for atmosphere, well-drawn characters (even the hateful ones), and historical details about Miramont Castle, which I have visited as a tourist. Didn't see any sign of the ghost when I was there, though. <smile>
It is hard to give a full review without giving too much away. But given the title, I don't think it is any secret that it is a ghost story, so one would expect some tragedy to the plot.  But what bugged me was the passiveness of several key characteristics, including the heroine.  I gave it 3 stars because the writing was engaging, the idea was original, and it was hard to put down.  But only 3 because I did not really care for the plot, disliked most of the characters, and felt the book lost its punch at the end.  The transition from real story to ghost story felt shaky to me and without a point.
Paranormal activity in the setting of 19th century France and the New World, is always intriguing. Once I began reading "Miramont's Ghost", I couldn't put it down, expecting answers to the many "mysteries" surrounding Adrienne's family. The Ghost is at last revealed, as the story abruptly ends, leaving too many loose ends. Where did Adrienne's and her grandmother's clairvoyance arise from? Why did it skip a generation? The clash of personalities Genevieve vs Marie was too simplistic. The family's "secret" had to be more than Julien's despicable behaviors.<br/>.. In the end, a big disappointment.
"Page turner" is not a phrase that I carelessly throw around. But for me that describes this book. It held my attention until the end, and to find out that it is somewhat based on fact just added to its' mystery. It is dark, and ends on a sad note, but at the time that it took place, this kind of story may have been fairly common. And still is happening today, I suppose. Which should remind us all to talk to our children and warn them, that there are some bad people in the world. So... get your antenna up and, "Let's be careful out there".  Great book! Well worth the read. Willis
If you like happy endings or even a small measure of justice this is not the book for you...or me for that matter! I started off loving the book, great writing, very good storyline. But the ending is such a disappointment. I wondered, why have such a great story with such an endearing main character and not give us even a tiny sense of justice? We know in reality there is often no happy endings but sometimes...sometimes, someone goes to jail or  gets beaten by an angry mob for the egregious  things they've done. This book is too low on justice for my taste. That's why I gave it only 3 stars.
This book started out in the life of a young girl who lived in a home where all her needs were taken care of by her grandfather.  When her grandfather past away life changed as she previously knew it to be.  From the beginning to the end the book changed completely.  I was not expecting, and so was intrigued, how differently the book changed from the beginning to the end.  I was unable to put the book down for any lengths of time and wanted to read nothing but this book until it was finished.  The characters were well developed in such a way that made the book come to live within each page.
Miramont's Ghost is a dark, sad story about Adrienne who is the granddaughter of a Count in France. Adrienne can "see" things that are happening to people around her. At firs she would have a vision and tell others what she had seen. She doesn't seem to realize that her visions reveal secretes that people don't want to be known. Her Aunt Marie knows her secret and will go to any length to keep her from telling what she sees about her family. Marie takes Adrienne to America and imprisons her at Miramont Castle. When Adrienne dies, her ghost is still doomed to stay at Miramont Castle.
This is a well written book.  So, if that's all you are looking for then this might be a good choice. If you are looking for a book without a shred of happiness in it then this is the book for you!  The characters are well developed but they lack any redeeming qualities.  The only decent people in the book all make dramatic exits quickly.  The only reason why I read the whole book was because I just knew it would all be justified in the end.  I was so wrong!  No happily ever after.... more like no happily at all.  The only good thing I can say is it was free - and you get what you pay for!
I enjoyed Ms. Hall's style of writing. She paints a vivid picture and the characters come alive. The first half of the book was intriguing and in comparison to the second half, I would say a bit slow even. However after the climax of the book,  it becomes depressing and unexpectedly very dark and disturbing. The themes involving pedophilia were unexpected and disturbing. It goes from intriguing to F-d up and just gets progressively more messed up. While it was a page turner, I don't feel that I've gained anything from reading it. It's not thought provoking and it left me feeling unhappy.
The most depressing book I've read in a long time. I cant believe I finished it.
I acquired this book as a free offering without any knowledge of the author or the story.  I have had mixed results with free books, so I tend to always be skeptical.  This one is a big winner.  The story is gripping and builds at the perfect pace to the inevitable tragedy you know is coming, but the author is so good at her presentation of the story that I was never quite sure where she was taking us until the reveal.  The farther into the story I got, the harder it got to put the book down.  I read the last third of the book in one sitting - very unusual for a chapter a day reader.
The first half of this book is riveting, I'll grant you that. There are a number of mysteries, and the characters are well developed enough that you care for them, which is probably why the second half of the book is so disappointing. The characters are not true to their development in the first half. There are also inexplicable plot holes. Why Adrienne's gift alters, why Marie would bother, why Margueritte.... I won't spoil the ending, but the ending will likely spoil the enjoyment for other readers. It's not a bad book, but just lower your expectations for a satisfying conclusion.
Spoiler alert: The use of God's name as a curse towards the end of the book, the detailed pedophilia and rape of the main character in the book mar an otherwise brilliant and captivating story.  There is some jumping forward that isn't smooth as the character ages. It is notable but not reason to stop reading the book. I would definitely read more of Miss Hall's work as long as the foul language isn't repeated in future works. I deducted one star for the language.<br/><br/>She does truly have a knack for making one feel invested in the characters. THAT is what matters to readers.
At first, I was annoyed by the flashback intro, but then I got sucked into Adrienne's young life and 'gift'. As the family's story grew and interwove several puzzling threads, I couldn't put my Reader down. Everything was so detailed and credible , I felt as though Adrienne was telling her story to the author, just as the Captain had Mrs. Muir ghost write his tales. When I read through the bibliography, I was fascinated by not only the research, but by the way all the historical facts were melded into the fiction, so it was difficult to separate the two. An incredible first novel!
I was in need of a book & October seemed like a good month for a ghost story! This book was not what I expected. I thought it would have been about how a ghost affected the life of a family, but instead it is the story of a young girl & how her life transpires from birth to ago 20 & the numerous sad things that happen in her life, resulting eventually into becoming a ghost. I had a hard time putting it down, even though it is definitely a dark book. Well written & engrossing. I also liked that the book relates to some actual true events. I will definitely watch for more books by this author!
I enjoyed this book very much. It is well written and progresses nicely, although it is a dark story with a less-than-ideal ending for those who like a story to package up neatly at the end.  I wish I had known that the bones of this story are based on actual people and happenings before completing it, as I often longed for the protagonist to respond differently - please, dear author, ask me not to suffer these injustices without recourse!  Undoubtedly self-indulgent, I hope the author found redemption and concludes that no special "gifts" are required to persevere and overcome.
It was good and kept my attention, I didn't like the ending.  It was depressing
I rated this book as okay, but I honestly would not read it again or recommend it to someone else.  I thought the main character was silly and the problems she encountered totally unbelievable.  Who would let a child run their mouth to the point that it ends up destroying the child's life.  I just did not find the characters believable and much of what occurred was just plain silly - not very imaginative.  I don't know why this book is so popular, but if you are the type of reader who really enjoys more believable, intelligent characters, I would not recommend this book to you.
It's not a bad book. It's not a good book. I only read it because Amazon gave it away free. It needs a good editor, but editing is a dying art. In some ways the story reminds me of the gothic dramas of an earlier generation, but filled with the standard plot points of weak writers of the 21st century. The author made an attempt to get the history right and has created an interesting setting,  marred by jarring anachronisms. There is potential here, but it's unrealized. And it's a shame, because this could have been a good story with a little help from an interested publisher.
I shouldn't complain since it was free, but I would give it negative stars if that were an option. ++spoiler alert++  Reading this made me so angry! Our Protagonist suffered needlessly, and to no redeeming end.  I kept thinking, hoping if I continue this unbearable story that of course there would be redemption, but NO!  I do not care that there is an actual place and people inspiring this story, but it was painful, and for me, anger-provoking.  I don't mind if my main character overcomes near unbearable struggles,-> that makes for a good story...  **stopping now<br/>:-/
An interesting read....I assumed because of the title, that this would be a scary story or something mysterious and full of suspense. But it wasn't really like that. I'm not one for spoilers so I can't say much about the storyline but if you are looking for something to hold your attention for a few hours then pick this up. What I did really enjoy is the imagery in the book, very nice. Details were well described. What I didn't like is, as another reviewer pointed out, is that it is a bit slow. For me the climax wasn't very climatic but it was a good plot. Either way, enjoy!
Some of the characters seemed cliche'd (a pedophile priest? never seen that before!), but all were true to historic fact, according to the afterword. The characters could have been deeper and more complex, for example, I never really understood the motivations of Marie. I would have liked to read more about the ghost and her interactions with people in later years. Still, if I'm ever in Colorado, I would like to look up the castle. I'm not one to tour the "local legends", but this book made it interesting enough that I would like to see the castle if I'm in the area.
An incredibly well-written book. It was engaging, with careful attention to characterization, detail, and plotting. The mystery of it kept me intrigued. Truly the only negative I can give it is the heavy and depressing quality of the narrative, although I cannot fault the author. The subject matter is devastatingly sad, but the author is quite successful in conveying the emotions. The book brought tears to my eyes more than once, and Elizabeth Hall shows a sophisticated understanding not only of heady prose, but also of the psychology of human misery and cruelty. Brava!
Beautifully written. Having lived in New Mexico and Colorado, the story beckons one to take a historical walk through an enchanting period of the Southwest. If you haven't walked through historical Santa Fe and Manitou Springs, read this book, then go. If you have been to either or both places, Adrienne will forever accompany you in the future. The romance of the period is bittersweet, the cost of luxuries in The New World extracted a high price. Family loyalties and youthful dreams are masterfully woven into a story sure to remain with one long after the book is read.
I enjoyed the story until the last 1/4 of the book. I felt like the ending was rushed and lacking in closure, similar to what other three-star raters have mentioned. Also,I don't mind a twist that takes the plot from bad stuff to terrible events in any story, but this seemed like it was thrown in to get the story done. SPOILER ALERT: The cousin who we are led to believe is molesting children suddenly decides to rape Adrienne? Marie just goes back to France? Adrienne Beavier's character development is great although I wish she would have been smarter about her visions.
The story started out hopeful and bright. There was some mystery, but was introduced in a way that made you not think too much of it. As the story progressed so did the darkness and suspense. New mysteries were introduced, light romance, then the story did a complete turn. A turn that kept you on your toes and doesn't answer any questions till you reach the last few chapter. When the story unfolds itself, you realize how truly dark and amazing the book is. This is THAT book which will keep you up until the middle of the night wondering what in the heck just happened.
I wasn't crazy about the premise of this book (clairvoincy.)  Just seemed kind of hokey to me.  But, then when I got to the end of the book and realized it was based (somewhat) on a true story I found it to be more interesting and did a little bit of my own research and reading about the actual castle.  There were things that bothered me about the story, especially the lack of bonding between Adrienne and her mother.  How could she have ever let her leave the comfort of her home in France and go with her horrible sister, Marie?  Emotional neglect on Genevieve's part.
This book was interesting at least in part because it has a historical basis.  Set in France and Colorado in the late 19th century, it follows the life story of a young French girl and her experiences, primarily within family circles. It is a psychological, perhaps even Gothic, novel. The reader develops certain expectations of events, and sometimes those events occur but often there are very unpredictable twists and turns.  The mood is progressively darker but most events are quite feasible (let that be a warning for readers who are looking for light, fluffy fare.).
I kept thinking this would get better.  I love a good ghost story and I love the history in this book, having been to Manitou Springs and lived in that area of Colorado.  However, this book is a study in manipulation, power, control, and the effect isolation has on a person's psyche. It seem to be the long, drawn out explanation of why Miramont castle might be haunted.  I haven't read a book this depressing in years.  You get a glimmer of hope, that maybe Adrienne's situation might improve, then it gets worse.  If you want a happy ending please do not read this book.
I grew up in Colorado Springs and spent lots of time in Manitou Springs. That block where Miramont Castle sits always seemed magical. During a visit to the castle years ago, I got lost staring at a painting of a beautiful lady. I wonder if that was Adrienne....<br/><br/>Anyway, this book was amazing! It's a historical fiction based on lots of research by Elizabeth Hall. I was very impressed! It was interesting to read about a possible backstory of the castle. The character development of the main characters was great. Now I can't wait to return to Miramont Castle!
Adrienne, once a happy, loving child, faces one grim event after another following the death of her beloved grandfather.  He had protected her from the rumors in town, rumors that she was mad.  However, it wasn't madness, but clairvoyance.  And a little child cannot know when to keep her visions to herself.<br/><br/>The person with the most to lose, should Adrienne tell all she knows, is her own Aunt Marie.  Slowly, Marie's schemes deprive Adrienne of everything and everyone she holds dear.<br/><br/>Based on true events, this book will affect the reader deeply.
*Spoiler Alert*<br/><br/>I am surprised this is the author's first published work as well-written as this story is. I enjoyed her turn-of-the-century tale about a precocious, clairvoyant grandchild of a wealthy French diplomat until it reached some of its more disturbing plot twists. However, realizing in the afterward section these elements were based on true allegations, I withdraw my initial feeling that this was a cheap trick to reach a conclusion to the story and acquiesce truth can certainly be more disturbing than fiction.<br/><br/>I'm pleased someone included a spoiler alert to warn readers who may want to avoid material with sexual violence.  However, I think stating it includes "a graphic rape scene and incidents of pedophilia" may be a bit strong.  Rape is disturbing in any depiction, but I didn't find this novel to portray the incident in a particularly graphic way.  I don't write this to criticize anyone's point of view, merely to add to the discussion.  In my opinion, someone who is not traumatized by the theme in general isn't likely to find this account personally troubling.  With the exception of a brief dream-memory Adrienne has of being approached one night in her childhood, pedophilia is only alluded to.  I appreciated the author's discretion with this most uncomfortable subject matter, which unfortunately, is based on historical records.<br/><br/>This was a good choice for Amazon to include as a Kindle First selection as I probably wouldn't have read this book otherwise.
I really loved the first half of this book. With that said, the second half went completely off kilter. Knowing that the title does not even represent this book until the epilogue is just sad, if not misleading. The dark ideas were totally unnecessary and completely ruined the direction of the book. The ending was morbid and clipped. Disappointing. I only gave it 3 stars because the book was well written from a reader/writer perspective. I just really was saddened by the storyline. Could have been done much better. No closure, bad taste in your mouth kind of sad.
Being a Colorado Native and knowing some of this history really made this novel even more interesting to me or possibly to other Native Colorado folks.<br/><br/>The development of the characters was fantastic. I felt every fear, pain and hope that Adrienne went through.  Marie should have been stopped from so many things she did. It almost appeared no one had the intestinal fortitude to handle her. Grand Pere' died to soon to help.<br/><br/>Sad that she can not cross over and is stuck in the castle.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this story. Very well written.
If you enjoy a book that is filled with stupid family secrets and weak characters, then this is the book for you.  This book is filled with insipid characters including a mother who is too weak to stand up for her own daughter, or to even wonder why her husband won't allow the family to live together.  Not in the same house or the same city.  I kept waiting for the book to get better, but it just kept on getting worse.  The only reason I could even give this 2 stars is just because I'm in a good mood today.  My suggestion is to not waste your time or your money.
I was quite surprised to learn that this was a first novel as the story is written so eloquently. The author did intensive research to find factual evidence and weaved it together with a bit of fiction that makes the story one you won't want to put down. I finished this book in a single day, constantly intrigued to unleash the next chapter. It is an amazing story. Excellent work, Ms. Hall. I hope you continue with other books. You have an exceptional gift. I often felt as though I was right in the room with the action because of your gift of descriptive writing.
I almost did't make it through this book which is rare for me.  I didn't enjoy the first half of the book, and the 2nd half was only marginally better.<br/>The story line of a young girl/woman with second sight and the ensuing challenges and perils seemed like a decent plot. Unfortunately the characters were poorly drawn.  I categorized  them as good, evil  and neglectful, all very two dimensional.  There was a historical component that was pretty much left unexplored. I gave my review 2 stars because there was potential here, but in the end a depressing read.
Poor little Adrienne:. She was ignored by her beautiful and conceited mother and her absentee philandering father.  She adored her grandfather and her longtime nanny.  Her Aunt Marie was cruel and hard and doted only on her son.  Village gossip haunted her and as a child she didn't understand why everyone looked at her as strange.<br/>The family has many secrets and slowly but surely they are revealed.<br/>Guess who finally have their lives destroyed and why.<br/>Guess who finds out that she is just another woman in his life.<br/>Adrienne is finally free.
The ending was so poorly executed that it soured me on the rest.  The story lost all momentum and I was left with the distinct impression that the author was at a total loss as to how to wrap things up in any but the terribly disappointing way she did.  The story simply STOPPED and she turned to telling about the historical truths held within this slice of historical fiction.  For the reader's sake alone, contrive an imagined ending to the lives of the antagonists, preferably one in which their suffering is in some way commensurate to that which they caused.
I chose this novel because I live in Colorado and I love ghost stories. This was a very emotional story with a young girl only really truly loved by her grandfather and her fiance. Adrienne is such a dear person but has to endure so many hardships. She travels from France to America. I really enjoyed reading this novel. In my opinion; It is a historical novel.  Being a Colorado native I know of the actual locations in New Mexico and Colorado Ms. Hall tied the real events into a story of fiction that really holds your interest and pulls at your heart strings.
This was a great read but also very sad. The life of Adrienne was a life of luxury to a life that was an unbelievable nightmare. Family secrets make lives twist and turn in ? direction.  Coping with "sins" and being different didn't help this family at all and led Adrienne to a life she would have never expected to have both as a person and a ghost. I would really love to have the chance to go to see the castle.<br/><br/>Mystery, intrigue, power mixed in with " a little" love make up this great story. My family enjoyed reading it too. Enjoy
I finished this book only because I had dedicated so much time to reading the first 2/3 of the book. I liked the concept of the first part of the book. Clairvoyance and a little mystery. But it quickly became clear that this book was not really about the clairvoyance, in fact, the whole paranormal aspect was non-existent after the first half of the book. The book felt redundant, feeling this need to constantly remind you of characters and their flaws, but never building on them. The last third of the book took this wild turn that seemed unnecessarily racy.
Overall, Miramont's Ghost was worth reading, with a plot twisting and turning every few pages with a true contrast in good and evil.  This book had an interesting storyline as the reader views the main character throughout each stage of her troubled young life.  She had a very sad life with few people who showed her full acceptance and love.  Some parts of the plot were a bit too incredible, however, the book was based loosely on actual facts.  It certainly has enticed me to do some research on the historical events, and to visit Manitou Springs again.
I found the background information very intriguing and I actually do like the fictionalized storyline that tied them all together.  It did, however, feel very slow after the first few chapters.<br/><br/>When the pace picked back up, I felt that the tone was much changed.  It was appropriate, but it felt a bit too sudden.<br/><br/>As others seem to imply, this book did feel a bit comparison-heavy which did sometimes detract from the writing.<br/><br/>Overall, I actually like the story, but felt that it could have been much shorter had more impact.
I've read a couple of the one star reviews and the main thing they find to dislike greatly about this book is that their is a disturbing scene near the end of the book. So if you are going to read this book be aware that their is a very disturbing scene towards the end, you can just skip it (Chapter 39) though and it is still a very enjoyable book. More so than a ghost story its a story about the life of a person who is affected by great trauma and anguish and how that person copes with it. Thought provoking and quick read, highly recommend this book.
I'm an optimist. As I read each chapter, I hoped the thrill or the scary would begin. It did not. I understand that the main character was sad, lonely and depressed. Stop telling me about it over and over again throughout the book in great details.  It wasn't necessary.  Good points, the characters were interesting and tied to one another well. Scenery was described in colorful ways, made me feel as if I was there.<br/>I gave the book three stars because I found myself skimming over the repetitious descriptions and the slow pace of the "ghost" story.
Wonderful story and wonderful writer.  Set in the 1800's with a plot that alternates between France and the United States it's a narrative of the life of a clairvoyant girl who is unjustly vilified for her gifts.  I like action novels, horror, detective novels and war stories.  This was definitely a leap of faith for me to read this book yet I was drawn into the book immediately.  My heart went out to the main character.  I was emotionally moved.  I will buy anything this author comes up with in the future.  Read it.  You'll be happy you did.
This book was strange. I thought I had it figured out in the beginning but it was nothing like I though.<br/><br/>I love books that have twists and turns and keeps you on your toes. Miramont's Ghost definitely does that.<br/><br/>There are some pretty graphic scenes, if you are triggered by abuse or violence, you should avoid reading this. However, the way Elizabeth Hall writes these scenes are tactful and done in taste.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to anyone wanting to read a suspenseful novel that will leave you thinking for days.
This work of historical fiction is extremely well written and captivating. It is not my taste. It starts off somber and goes down from there. The ability of Adrienne to "see"what she could not possibly see was interesting but I think it was not a good fit for the story. I think the author could have found an alternative way of foreshadowing that would have lent itself better to the story. The reason for her grandmother's demise was left open and that is rather irritating. Also the subject matter toward the end of the book is... horrifying.
This is an interesting story of a young woman brought up in wealth in France. She has a second sight, which brings her trouble through gossip and the jealousy and fears of her family. I do not want to give the plot away, so that is all I will say about the content. The book is written very well and is interesting. It is s book about a tragedy, however, so be prepared for that. It also has a very abrupt ending that is thankfully explained in the epilogue. An explanation of the historical significance of the story is also helpful at the end.
Once I got into the story, it proved to be a good historical plot with enough intrigue to keep me interested. Twists and turns well implemented and unexpected ending. Be sure not to read the complete historical background first.<br/><br/>I gave it a four because too many sentences began with a personal pronoun. She did this, she thought that. There are many more imaginative ways to construct a sentence, especially since the author proved she has the ability considering the way she handled the plot.<br/>Thanks for a good winter's read.
I could not put this down.  I am anxious to see what Ms Hall writes next.
I felt like I was reading a book written 100 years ago, I thought the story line was fairly bland and the central characters never rose to any real heights of interest. The main "villain" was little more than an unlikable bitch, we have all met plenty of them in our lifetimes and her son was a pedophile catholic priest (nothing new there). The writer tried hard but failed to engage this reader in the locations in France and U.S.A and the sub stories never evolved<br/>I'm sure Elizabeth Hall has talent but not in this instance.
Overall a captivating story and plot. The closure at the end wasn't quite what I had hoped for. I also felt there was a lot of back story with the majority of the book, that led up to a rushed conclusion. Left me feeling slightly disconnected but at the same time I was drawn in to keep reading. Spoiler alert:<br/><br/>Just wish that Adrienne and Gerard had been reunited in spirit,... and Marie and Julien had some level of accountability for their actions. While I appreciate the historical aspects, I'm all about a "feel good" ending.
Not one I would read again. It starts out okay, but then I started finding myself thinking, okay this girl seems pretty strong-minded so why didn't she stand up for herself here (and here and here, etc). It was a great premise and had some good ideas that started to build but the last few chapters frustrated me and then there was this violent scene out of nowhere and finally the ghost and then...done. There were a couple of surprises and I'm sure this author is a great writer, just thought this book would have been a little different.
The story was fairly intriguing in the beginning. The title of the book had very little to do with the story itself. Only after the horrible ending, did you get to meet the "ghost". What an incredibly sad and beyond disappointing way to end a story of a beautiful girl who had so many misfortunes in her life, only to have  it end after being raped by her pathetic priest of a cousin and then becomes pregnant and takes her own life. This book attempts to build a climax of suspense to only to surprise the reader with a dud of an ending!
Loved this story based partially on real characters! A very young girl living in France in wealth and refinement was adored  by her grandfather. He understood her ability to see into the future .  She loses everything with the arrival of her evil aunt and the death of her grandfather.  The Aunt who is threatened by her nieces ability takes her to live in the castle built by her equally evil son, a priest.  I had to read one area over again because I couldn't believe the miserable girl"s final action.  I did not want this one to end.
This genre is not one I typically read. However, the description intrigued me so I bought the book planning on listening to it as I drove. Well, I never got as far as the car! I started reading it and simply couldn't stop, other than to finally go to bed and pick it up the next morning on my day off. The author has done an incredible job in all aspects, from descriptions to, especially, emotions. I literally was lost in the story and felt I was living this young girls life. It was dark, yes, but so very good! I look forward to more!
I knew little about the subject matter of this book when I purchased it.  Apparently it is about a real place and some real people with a fictional storyline added.  The author did a great job on the characters and their descriptions.  Her story was very imaginative.  My issue is that while I enjoy a great ghost story, this story was too dark and depressing for me.  I finished it this morning and basically feel worn out and in a dark mood.  If you happen to be sensitive to what you read, you should know this story might affect you.
I loved this writing and the character development by Elizabeth Hall....until the main character's last decision.  It seemed such a poor choice this writer made, all for a shock ending, since the entire book was premised on theher heroine's strength of character, despite those around her.  It is of course just my opinion, but many better scenarios should have perhaps been considered that would have honored her character more...and prolonged an excellent suspenseful tale. I will say however, I had a hard time putting this book down!
Privileged 19th century French girl Adrienne "sees" things and events from an early age,which causes fear and gossip in the village.  Fearing for her well-being, her grandfather convinces Adrienne to never reveal her visions.<br/><br/>Her aunt and cousin migrate to New Mexico and build a smaller replica of the family's castle in France, Ann's coerse Adrienne to New Mexico, where it is obvious that her life is in danger because they fear that she knows their sordid secrets.<br/><br/>Based on real facts and people.  Well-written.
This book is compelling because of the mystery that seems to weave its way throughout the entire book.  It was hard to put it down.  The beginning of the story was a bit slow, I thought, bust soon realized the ground work for the main characters was being laid out.  The main characters are well described and cause one to take sides almost immediately.  The story is compelling.  Although the book is a work of fiction, it is based on factual information, which is noted at the end.  Quite interesting, very different. I recommend it.
Depressing. The beginning seemed to promise an endless supply of fun opportunities for adventure for our main character. The plot failed to deliver any satisfaction, and instead took me on a downhill spiral that left me with no respect and disappointed in our protagonist, as well as all of the other characters. When I read at the end that this was based on actual events, I understood why our writer left us as she had. But this is not the book for you if you prefer anything positive in your reads. Enjoy the first half, though...
I wanted to throw my kindle against the wall.  The female lead frustrated me because she is weak, passive and stupid.  From here on out I will make sure my books have a strong and smart female lead.  I'm used to Ken Follett's gems and this book was just dumb in comparison.  I kept reading hoping that she would turn a corner and come to an epiphany and start kicking butt, but she never did.  Highly highly not recommended.  On top of the poor plot and unsatisfactory female lead, the writing was not good.  No wonder it was free.
Having lived in Manitou Springs for a few years, this book brought me home. The descriptions of the land and layout had me picturing the place that has always felt like home to me. I typically don`t read historical fiction, but am pleasantly surprised by the authenticity and research that Elizabeth Hall has done. Adrienne`s story is both beautiful and horrible, and Hall will make the reader feel her joy, pain, loneliness and intrigue from beginning to end. Read this book. You'll be glad you did. Bravo, Ms Hall. And thank you!
Almost a 4-Star:  Could not put this story down!  Spoiler Alert: R-Rated-briefly near the end. Appreciated the author's effort to fill in "the rest if the story" from historic facts, and her rendition is a plausible reflection of the brutal & primitive side of the time the story is set in, but it ultimately left ME heartbroken & horrified. Not the way I prefer to feel at the end of a really good read, which it is. Have at it if you're open to an emotional roller coaster & appreciate writing that really draws you in!
What happens when secrets rule a family, rumors keep a child isolated, and reputation is more important than family ties? You get Elizabeth Hall's debut novel. The story follows young Adrienne who is blessed/cursed with an ability to see visions. The only person who could help her is her Grandfather because his wife also had the same visions. Adrienne's mother is to ashamed of the gossip surrounding her child and allows her overbearing sister Marie to intervene. This story is loosely based on the Manitou Historical Society.
I didn't start reading this book for a few weeks. Some of the negative review comments kept me away. When I did decide to read Miramont's Ghost, I had to keep on reading until I was finished. It was totally worth it!<br/>The story wasn't all that dark. Certainly not an uplifting story, but I didn't come away feeling depressed. Sometimes life isn't fair, and the main character of the story had more than her fair share of injustice.<br/>A fantastic author!  She really knows how to draw the reader in and keep your interest!
Gruesome story.  Motley crew of characters.  There were some glaring errors in the prayers used to recite the rosary in the story.  Back in the time of the story setting the Holy Ghost not the Holy Spirit was used.  The Prayer of Fatima was not included in the rosary recitation then either.  These are things that show an old Catholic like myself that the research was not good.  If you are going to write about a particular place in time you have to get the details straight.<br/><br/>I just didn't enjoy this book at all.
This was a departure from what I usually read. Not really into ghost stories. I don't remember why I even downloaded it but it sat a few months before I finally got to it. There were few or no typos so that was a relief!<br/><br/>The characters felt like they could have been real. Not all roses and rainbows and happily ever after. This made me like it more. Real life has drama. Gosh, I wanted to hate, nay, actually hated some of the characters.<br/><br/>I am happy that I read this story and especially the afterword.
This thriller has ties to actual historical events. Characters are well developed and interactions between characters is greatly established. Both on the surface and inwardly. Adrienne' s abilities and her handling of them is compelling, as is her grandmother having possessed them. Marie is some you would wish to avoid. Unfortunately, I knew a "Marie", a brief time was too long. Julian represents that person that unfortunately, exist in every society, hiding and using a position of authority to deceive and cause harm.
I absolutely loved this book.  I enjoyed how the author would give just enough information to keep the reader interested.  I enjoyed the mix of history and fiction also I am a fan of mystery books and ghosts.  This was great combination of both.  I enjoyed how the book came to full circle from beginning to end for the main character but I would have loved to know what happen to the main character's antagonists.  What ever became of Julian and Maria did they find the judgement and punishment their rightfully deserved?
A story that starts with 4-year old Adrienne.  The sentences seem too simple at first until you realise that the narrator is moving into telling the story from little-girl Adrienne's perspective.  The story of her childhood in France begins joyfully although ominous currents run through her perceptions.  How she ended up at Miramont Castle in Colorado (U.S) and her life there tells a tale of treachery that is almost unbelievable - even to Adrienne.  Expect to wake up in the middle of the night and have to read more!
I was drawn to this book because I like at least a little bit of the unexplainable or the paranormal in a story, and that part was well executed.  However, the entire book was too dark for me. Although happy ever after is not something I necessarily believe in, or wish to read about, it's nice to see some hope, some happiness along the way. There was precious little of either, and a lot of people treating each other horribly. The story line was consistent and credible. A decent effort for a first fictional book.
I waited for a couple of months to read this book because I was not sure I would like it. However after starting it, I could not put it down. Yes, it is to some extent dark and some of the characters are evil.....however since it is based on true events and facts the dark and evil is necessary. There are some twists and surprises in the book and the ending is quite different and I suspect will leave some readers dissatisfied. the author has woven fiction in and around the truth making it all come together and work.
Have to disagree with the reviews describing this book as well written.  Sorry if you don't know tulips have no scene well...  there was no connection within the haphazard premises thrown at the reader.  Can you seriously consider thst the aunt wants to murder the neice because she is afraid of gossip?  And the interminable musings and whining of Adrienne were enough to make me think "Oh Dear Lord just jump overboard and end it now".  I have to admit, I was the one that jumped.  I could tolerate no more.
A story with no true protagonists.  All the characters are victims of one degree or another, or perpetrators.  The story moves at a slow but steady pace and the story telling is well done and certainly conveys the main characters feelings.  The title implies a ghost story and while it does have a ghost it is the most minor aspect of a story that is ultimately about the cruelty people are capable of.  I personally enjoyed the story but if you want a ghost story this may not be what you're looking for.
I thought this book was well written with descriptive prose and interesting characters.  The story line did a good job of gradually revealing the links between the characters lives and incorporating historical events.  However, I  was very disappointed in the ending.  I prefer there to be at least a little bit of a happy ending for the heroine.  I was intrigued by the story and had trouble putting it down but the end was so sad that I certainly wouldn't read it again and probably won't recommend it.
I know that Elizabeth Hall (The author) spent many hours in research and outlining the plot followed by writing the book.  For me though there was something lacking.  I don't know what I was looking for, but this book just wasn't it.  The ending was out of left field and I applaud the author for the creative work she did.<br/><br/>Not trying to sound sexist here, but this book is a chick flick.  If you research war and read war history or novels, then this book is not going to be your cup of tea.
While the book is fictional, it is based on real people & some of the real events of Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs, CO.  The real people were:  Father Jean Baptiste Francolon and his mother Marie Plagne Francolon did leave Miramont Castle under mysterious circumstance in the year 1900, leaving behind furniture, family heirlooms and art.  Many of the 'bones' of the story are taken from historical fact, which makes it all the more interesting. Stories of a ghost in Miramont Castle have been documented.
Story was well developed and would have been more enjoyable if the fiction had taken it to a more satisfying path. Having  lived in Colorado Springs I was intrigued to read this story.  Adrianne scores as the dumbest clairvoyant ever! Even as she is seeing  the path to her imprisonment agree multiple visions depicting  the event she doesn't do anything to halt the events. I especially did not Like the pedophile characterization of her cousin the priest. Could have been a much more uplifting story.
I would have given the book one and a half stars, if half stars were possible.  Some of the chapters were quite engrossing.<br/><br/>The problem with the book is the reader is given a heroine that we want to like, who we cheer for, but who never seems to grow stronger in the face of adversity.<br/><br/>I would have thrown the book against the wall at the end of chapter 44 if I weren't reading on a kindle.<br/><br/>All in all this story is just a lite version of the marquee de Sade's Justine.
I admire when an author wants to expound upon a local legend or folklore. That much was intriguing.<br/><br/>However, I did not enjoy reading this at all. Every single one of the characters was flat and predictable. Much like a Lifetime movie, we had the frigid, manipulative, controlling b!tch, the woman that's so afraid of her own shadow she won't even protect her daughter, the cheating husband, even a rapist... there was nothing that made me feel a shred of anything but apathy for any of them.
I thought the book started out kind of slow, but it got to the point where I didn't want to put it down.  The book is a work of fiction based on real places and actual documented events.  I found myself feeling sorry for the "ghost" throughout the book, and I wanted to join the lynch mob at the end.  Do not read the afterword chapter before finishing the book-I did and it ruined some of the suspense.  Now I have to go do some research on the history of Miramont and the family associated with it.
This book was terrible.  It's the perfect example of an author whose editor couldn't tell her no and simply allowed her to go on writing until they had a beast of a manuscript that fails to deliver on anything it promises.  The book doesn't actually get to what it claims to be about until literally half way through the story.  Further, the first half of the story is painfully dull and ultimately useless for the end of the story.  I did not enjoy this story and would not recommend it to anyone.
I loved the book, couldn't put it down!!  It struck a personal note with me since I grew up in Espanola New Mexico and have been to the churches referenced in Santa Fe and Santa Cruz. I went to school down the street from the church. I have also visited Miramont Castle.  Having been to all these sites it was so easy to visualize the events of the book.  I loved the fact that there were ties to real events and real places. An excellent book!!  Loved it!!  Would love to see it made into a movie.
If you are looking for a fun, feel-good sort of read-you will definitely want to bypass this book. The main character never got a break on anything good happening in her life. Not one. I kept reading hoping for something positive but it never came. I felt the author could have done a better job with that--and the fact that everyone seemed to be scheming against this girl except a very few people. Everything was hopeless. I came away feeling depressed after the ending and was glad it was over.
Well written story with great character development. Have to say that the writing was what pulled me all the way to reading through this book otherwise I don't usually like (spoiler) depressing endings, which is exactly where this was heading. Except for very few characters, I really disliked many of the others introduced, even more so when you discover the true story behind the Aunt and her son. Be prepared for a terribly dark tale that spirals quickly and stacks itself quickly near the end.
I couldn't get past the first few chapters of this book- it jumped around quite a bit and it was hard to relate to the main characters. I felt like the beginning of the book should have been somewhere in the middle instead...it just felt "off". I couldn't immerse myself in the story, so I stopped reading. If you don't mind having to read far into a book to start liking it, this may be worth a shot, but I like to be pulled in by the first few pages and this book didn't do that for me.
i know not every book is all fairy tales and happy endings, but this  one really took a turn for the worst with the abuse of these peoples cousin and niece. its very disturbing and i wish I had never read it. most of the story is well written and you think its going to be a cinderella story. Then its like the author goes through a manic depressive episode. Sadly I got this as part of the kindle first program and its taken me a while to read it. so there were not any reviews when I started.
Well I should have read the reviews is all I can say so if I am upset it is my fault.  And this was my book for Prime Lending.  Dark Dark Gothic should be the title.  SPOILERS if you don't want to read any further.  SPOILERS.  When did it become okay for the bad guy to get away with it and the innocent lose it all?  I usually put a book down when I see it is going to upset but the characters were well developed so I kept reading.  But where was the ghost?? Seriously, where was the ghost.
Well written story.  It had believable characters, some who you will like, and others who you will most likely despise.  I thought the book had good pacing.<br/><br/>A fair warning this book does contain themes that some people will not be able to deal with, namely pedophilia and rape.  If you can't deal with that then do not get this book, but if you can get past the fact that these are unsettling (to say the least) topics that are in a work of FICTION then by all means get this book.
I found this novel to be extremely well written.  It is difficult to believe that this is a first novel.  The protagonist is quite likeable.  Most of the other characters (except the nanny and grandfather) are either ineffectual or hateful.<br/><br/>I really had mixed feelings about this novel.  It was about as much of a "downer" as I could stand.  However, I wanted to continue to read.  I think Ms. Hall has a lot of talent, but I'm not sure I'd read another book like this one.
From other reviews, I was looking forward to reading this debut novel.  The characters were well drawn, compelling, different, but at a certain point things really fell apart and the story became ho-hum and just ordinary.  The true evil of two main characters was rather over the top and just brought the book down from very good to mediocre.  The ending was awful.  There were a lot of places where this book was wonderful especially the scenes between the grandfather and the young heroine.
This novel follows the Gothic tradition of the 18th century well without indulging in the verbosity of that period. As a long time student of literature and history, I found the historic references to ring true. The only anachronism is that pedophilia was probably not so openly acknowledged at that time. However, the history apparently provides evidence that Julien's proclivities were openly discussed at the time. I would only wish the book were longer. Hope to see more from this author.
This story is a fictionalized explanation based on events and rumors surrounding the castle in Manitou Springs, CO.  The castle stands at the base of Pike's Peak.  It is open to the public for touring.  The castle is filled with antiques and has a lot of intrigue and questions surrounding it.  The author comes up with one explanation.  We may never know the truth behind events at the castle, but the author gives an intriguing tale.  Read the book and if you get a chance tour the castle.
OK, so I loved the first half of this book. The main character was likeable and the plot seemed like it was twisting into a great mystery. Then, the story moved to America and went into the toilet. It was like the author hit an iceberg-sized case of writers' block and descended into boring, tired gothic novel cliches. I almost thought that one person had written the first half and then someone else (with far less talent) wrote the last bit. This book could have been great, what a shame.
This book was a bit slow...ending was not what I would have done but it is still a decent book. I lived in Colorado for several years so I enjoyed the historical parts. I felt as though the book went into great detail about the characters but the ending seemed very rushed and left me wanting more information as to the demise of Julian and Marie. Because it is fiction, Ms. Hall could have done anything she wanted with the ending. That's my only disappointment with the story; the ending.
The fact that this was historical fiction attracted me to the subject matter. I was very interested until halfway through the story... then I felt it just went in a very obvious direction. I hate when a book is so predictable I have it figured out to early in the reading. I was not a fan of this book. Perhaps someone that is younger and has been around the block a few less times would have been surprised by the ending. I would give the author another try. I did like her writing style.
I can imagine the author touring Miramont castle and developing this story as she toured the place, it's the kind of location with a backstory that makes you wonder about what really happened there, and what people's lives were like.<br/><br/>This story flowed well and kept me interested until the end, it wasn't a happy story and definitely not something I'd want to read if I were dealing with anything negative in my own life at the time, but it was perfect for a wintery fall day.
It wasn't until finishing this novel that I realized that it was a true historical fiction novel in the sense that some characters and some of the story is based in historical facts. I truly love pieces like this. The book is immediately captivating. With twists and turns, you'll cheer for the main character, cry with her, love her. I'm a sucker for a good ending but I can appreciate the author's desire to keep some of the few factual pieces true to history. Overall, enjoyable book.
I honestly did not expect this ending. I couldn't put this book down. I personally vied for each character, rooting for victory or for loss. The author left me guessing, slowly stringing together the pieces. If you are not good at just going with the story (rather than trying to finish the story early) this book might not be for you. It is a family story with a thrilling twist. I would definitely read this book again. Word to the wise: don't try to think ahead, live in the moment!!
This was an excellent read!  It's like watching a scary movie where you just want to yell at the characters throughout the story.  You can strongly feel the oppression and desperation and helplessness of the situation.  You want to shake the supporting characters for continually averting their eyes and turning their backs hoping things will somehow get better on their own.  This is the story of how a ghost is created.  A dark story with a touch of supernatural.  I highly recommend!
I read this because it was a free Prime Member book and I am glad I did. The story was not like so many other romance or thrillers. This book offered the reader a remarkably different and thoroughly engrossing story . You had to pick up the book at every opportunity to find out more about Adrianne and what else she was going to endure. YOU CANNOT help but become very fond of her from childhood through her teens. A wonderfully written book that you will be glad you read.<br/>KG  Fl
This was a very well written book.  I would read more of Elizabeth Hall. Yes I would recommend it to any avid reader.  The only problem I have is I don't like the idea that nobody has tried to seek answers for her.  She had to mean something to someone.  Wether justice comes in the form of Adrienne leading someone to her bones.  Or maybe Lucy who seemed to be the only person beside Gerard who loved her enough. Someone should have gotten justice for her.  Someone should have tried.
A great story. A little depressing for my tastes, but the characters, places, and history are very fascinating. In fact, I even googled Miramont, because it intrigued me so much. It has a wonderful history.  The part about the Father appears to be true, if you look around the corners.<br/>Elizabeth Hall is a great writer and gives all her historical facts.<br/>The story has a quality of a ghost in itself. It lingers far beyond the time that you read. A tribute to a great author.
Years and years ago I fell in love with the old gothic love stories.  I thought that this story was like wise.<br/>What I did find while reading was that this story was very, very dark and sad!  The main character, Adrienna, never had a chance for any happiness, so overshadowed by her very evil Aunt Marie.  Unfortunately I continued reading hopping that the story line would improve. If the author Elizabeth Hall's other books are anything like this one, I would never read them.
This was one of the Kindle First books I got for free. I chose it since it is about the castle in Colorado Springs, CO, about an hour from Denver. Interesting fictional take on the back story of the ghost at Miramont castle. Feeds into several possibilities of the supposed ghost at the castle. However, the beginning of the book seemed very drawn out to develop the characters and then immediately speeds up half way through the book to where it just does not quite seem together.
Members of this family have many secrets, which eventually lead to how the ghost came to inhabit the castle.  I will not spoil it for future readers, but this book has so many twists and turns that it definitely will hold your interest.  The ending is a series of surprises that I never saw coming!!  And don't forget to read the historical account of the castle after you get over the shocking ending of the story.  I want to read more from this author, and you will also want to.
So much promise devolved into a story about pedophilia, rape, and sexual abuse and the man who gets away with it! This is not a ghost story or mystery at all. Each character grows more and more unlikable with each page turn, including the protagonist. Do not waste your money or time.
I rarely give anything a 5 star rating but Hall's amazing gift as a writer has earned it! The characters come to life as the pages turn.  The the main character encounters events that are truly unforseen and stunning. The twists and turns will keep you on edge. In addition, Hall has a superb skill with imaginary-what she describes takes the reader to a level where you can clearly see it, feel it, taste it. A fantastic book that I thoroughly enjoyed and would highly recommend.
I read this on Kindle Unlimited and really enjoyed it. It was an interesting story with a cruel twist at the end, I couldn't put it down!  The way the author describes the characters and their daily comings & goings was very descriptive, it was easy to imagine what each person looked like right down to their facial expressions. I thought it was really neat that Miramont is an actual castle and I loved how the author created a story using real people and places from the past.
I enjoyed the novel because I have lived for almost 10 years in Colorado Springs. Particularly valuable was a kind of appendix in the back during which the author reviews the history behind the novel. The writing shows that you can combine fiction and fact in order to write a more convincing novel. The negative ending may not, however, have been necessary: in America we expect some bright spots and a happy or at least ambiguous ending. The bag guys got away with their sins.
This was a very good piece of historical fiction.  I lived in Colorado and have been to Manitou Springs but never knew anything of the history of the castle.  This story is engaging and has just enough of an air of mystery to keep you turning the pages past the time you should get up and start dinner.  The main characters are well defined and portrayed strongly enough to elicit an emotional response to them.  This book is a fairly quick read and not scary for a ghost story.
This story was interesting, especially because we see the story unfolding through the eyes of the heroine, who is about 4 years old at the beginning. It did grab my attention, and the reader was able to get a good understanding of how life was for this family.  The main character is lovable enough, so I found it difficult to see her come to such a tragic end.  The story itself is part historical, part fantasy.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the read.  I wish it had a happier ending.
There are too many elements to this book to properly describe each.  A little romance which keeps the reader wanting more, well defined characters, the victims cause the reader to be enraged to the point you want to scream..."fight back, show some backbone".  The villains, and yes there is more than one, are despicable and yet sympathetic .  There are so many twists one cannot fathom the ending.  A very good read for anyone wanting to be ever on their toes Townsend.Maj I :
A wonderful book. Very well written. Lot's of emotion, lot's of history, lot's of period drama. Very well researched, dramatization of actual historical people and events. (spoiler alert) but how one family member could be spirited away to another country to live a life of servitude to another family member they detested is beyond comprehensible. There had to be a point where someone in the family suggested this, and their logical reply should have been 'No F'in Way'...
Started off strong with vibrant characters and some compelling mystery. However, it went downhill during the last 3rd of the book. Story lines were started and not wrapped up. Extremely violent scenes with little foreshadowing. I feel like I wasted precious time reading this book and should have chosen something else off of my gargantuan "to read" list. I do not recommend. 2 stars because it was based on a true story that I am interested in learning more about.
This book had such promise.  I believe the first 2/3 could earn 5 stars, but the last 1/3 of the book spoiled my reading experience.  Don't think I can't handle a hard ending(I am a big Stephen King fan, but this book becomes so dark and depressing that I cannot recommend it.  I felt like the main character became another person and she disappointed me with her final decision!  The writing itself is acceptable and I would be willing to read another book by the author.
A very interesting read.  I would have liked to see things more wrapped up in the story.  Like what happened to Maria?  Did she make it back to France?  Just to make everyone else there miserable again for years?  Was there a happy ending for anyone in the story?  Did anyone get what they deserved?  I gave it the three stars, because of what I thought was quite the twist at the end.  And I mean that in a GOOD way!!!  It's not too often when there is a shock like that.
The story was very interesting. However, the ending was so abrupt that I felt as though the author had no imagination on how to properly finish the story or simply tired of the writing process. While I appreciate the correlation to the historical aspect, this is a work of fiction, so I feel the author relied too much on the historical and and not enough on her own ability to write a good story. This is confusing to me because she is obviously a wonderful storyteller.
I read this book because I've spent some time in Manitou Springs, and I thought it might be kind of a lark to read about Miramont Castle. The epilogue, in which the author explains her research process and which parts of the story might have been grounded in evidence, was best-suited to my needs. Otherwise, the book read like an unfulfilling romance novel, in which instead of eventually finding happiness, one of the characters is sexually assaulted. Trigger warning.
This was a very enjoyable book with quite a surprising ending. Beginning in France in the 1880's and moving on to the American West, it follows a first young girl and then young woman as she tries to find some happiness in her life. She is thwarted at every turn by her very mean aunt. I don't want to add any spoilers here so I will leave it at that.<br/>This books has elements of the supernatural that run through the entire plot.<br/>All in all, an enjoyable book.
This is one of the best books ive read in a long time! Set in the 1800's about a beautiful little girl w a special gift. Who was  shunned by her own family to life a very lonely sad life. She fought for so lo g for hope. After the only person who accepted her died. Her whole world changed! You never k ow will happen next!!<br/>I couldn't put this book down!!<br/>The history of France an early America was very accurate!<br/>Definitely would recommend this book!
It was hard for me to get into this book, a first but once I got going I couldn't put it down. I know this book was set in an era where women didn't have towing options in life and they weren't allowed to have knowledge of many things but Adrienne's naivety really frustrated me. She was just so helpless. I kept reading anyway because I wanted to see how things panned out.<br/><br/>Although at the end there was no happy ending, this book really kept you engaged.
I wanted to like this book. It began with an interesting and likeable main character, Adrienne, in an unfortunate family situation. There are times that the author raises your hopes that Adrienne with break free of her troubles or that her savior has finally come along, but that hope is ripped away over and over. I was extremely disappointed in the depressing end to the story. I wish I had understood the foreshadowing early in the book and stopped reading then.
I loved this book right up until the end.  As Adrienne deals with the trials of not having power (as few women did in that era) she eventually succumbs and takes her own life.  Read the "Brilliantly rendered and chillingly dark. Evokes great emotion about the characters" review dated January 1, 2015 as that reader gives a great review.  I agree with everything said up until she kills herself.  I was just so disappointed that she ended up being so weak.
Not quite what I expected, but a good book in its own way. A very well thought out story with interesting characters. I liked the way the author developed the story going from the girl's childhood to her adulthood and bringing us along to learn over time the hidden secret of the family. I could not rate this a five because some of the events were predictable. All in all though I liked the book and very much enjoyed reading it and would recommend it to others.
I am divided in my opinion of this book. The characters and environment were described wonderfully. I felt as though I could visualize each character and feel the emotions coming from them. However, the story is so depressing!  Not a shred of hope of happiness anywhere. I often thought  about just deleting the book but I kept hoping for some redeeming actions. I think I need to get a bottle of Irish whiskey and read the obituaries to cheer up after this book.
This book was well written and started out great.  I got caught up in the story of the poor heroine, just waiting for the moment when someone would arrive to put her life right again.  That never happened.  Instead, I feel as though I walked up a very long and very steep hill to watch a beautiful sunset, only to have the ground drop out from underneath me just as I arrived.  The ending left me utterly bereft.  No rescue, no justice, no love, just desolation.
Spoiler Alert:  This book was NOT even about a ghost!  It was about a girl with psychic powers in France - which could have been interesting in itself.  In the last 20% of the book, she travels to Colorado against her will to live in this castle where awful things unfold - then she dies and that's the end of the book.  In the epilogue the author says she "haunts" the castle.  Terrible.  This makes me never want to order a Book Bub deal of the day.
If you're okay with stories that descend into a low sad ending, you'll love this book.  The young woman at the center of the story has no chance as we come to learn.  The only positive part of this novel are the historical notes on the catholic mission church of Santa Cruz, New Mexico, the Mercy Sisters of Manitou Springs, Colorado and the building of an historic "castle" there which can be visited today.  This is a story of evil, pure and simple.
This historical fiction convincingly addresses life in the late 1800s in France and the expanding United States, as well as the lengths people will go to protect their secrets and hide their fears.  This riveting story about the troubled life of a young clairvoyant and the trials she faces throughout her life and into her death is full of rich detail and surprising twists and turns that makes one yearn for a happy ending making this book hard to put down.
I have to agree with others that state this is a very dark story. It is, however, quite beautifully written. I don't normally do reviews, but I really want to for this book. This author's writing is exceptional in my opinion. The main character becomes very real, and I felt every bit of her pain. I look forward to the author's next book (hoping she writes more). This book does linger a bit, though, so I would not recommend for those prone to depression.
This was difficult to follow. I was intrigued in the beginning and it completely lost me less than halfway in. Allusions and shadows didn't quite fill the  space where a better story line was needed. It was like trudging through thigh deep mud to get to the pivotal trip to the States and then it simply dove into an abyss and the end so quickly the story fizzled before it ever began.<br/><br/>It could have been great but was simply a luke warm story.l
I would have given the book 5 stars if I had stopped reading early on; however, I did read the entire book and the ending was sad.  I read it last week and it still haunts me.  I like ghost stories, suspense and paranormal.  I don't like the books of series about ghost hunters, they seem too elementary so I choose this one based on its rating and that it was a stand-alone book.  But darn, the ending.  And in the end, there was no ghost, that I know of.<br/>The very very interesting part of the book is that it is based on real buildings and a real person although the story itself is made up - maybe.  For what happened in real life, could very well be this story but who knows, don't think anyone will.  I plan on visiting that museum, Miramont Castle, someday, because of this story.  Maybe then I will see a ghost.
I am drawn to historical novels which draw on actual places and people.  I was born and raised in Colorado and remember the castle.  The beau colic beginning chapters are lovely.  And I guess my reactions of hopeless shock and horror to the end of the story are what the author had in mind, so that we would feel emotions similar to Adrienne.  However....still...did not see the end.  Would have been happier if the dogs tore her aunt and cousin to pieces.
Would not reccommend unless youre into rape, priests molesting young children, and suicide. The description of this book is NOTHING like the actual book and am very disappointed that I preordered something so misleading. Found out after that this was the authors first book, explaining why the characters ages, story lines, and plot in general was muddled. She didnt know what to do with characters so killed them. Very upset I spent money on this book.
I've not read a book like this before so I didn't know what to expect. The beginning was nice, enough to keep me wanting to read on. I wasn't able to become completely enthralled until halfway through. By this point I had to keep reading, I had to know what was happening next. I felt hope for Adrienne with the coming of Gerard then complete disrepair after she read the letter. I would say it was an overall good read and would recommend it to anyone.
I purchased this book out of desire to expand my reading into areas that I haven't explored.  Although the book seems to start slow, I suspect that's necessary in order for the author to develop the characters you're going to love, hate, or be empathetic towards.  Should have seen the ending coming, but was pleasantly satisfied when it played out.  Additional notes from the author at the end of the book make the book an even more lasting experience.
I enjoyed reading this book, though I was angry through a good part of it. Some of this story is true and the rest is fiction.  The story begins in Beaulieu, France with a French diplomat's family.  Adrienne is one of the diplomat's daughters and she has the ability to see things that have happened or are going to happen.  This leads to problems for Adrienne especially with her Aunt Marie, who is a mean spirited woman.  I couldn't put the book down.
A story about a young girl who has visions. The people around her are frightened by her and she grows up in a household with an absent father, a depressed mother and a grandfather who protects her. But a cruel aunt steps in and the world is turned into a turmoil for the whole family. No one is who they seem to be. This is all set in a time of buggies and candlelight which only adds to the drama and sets the stage for a story that is harsh and dark.
The story was full of mystery, hatred, secrets and a little bit of love.  People in the era this book is set in had no options, especially WOMEN. The treatment of Adrienne by her own mother as well as her aunt and lecherous cousin was appalling.  My heart went out to her and I just wanted to give her a hug. Then I wanted to rescue her.  If Miramont Castle has a ghost,<br/>And this story is anywhere close to the truth, I hope Adrienne is happy now.
This is a well written page turner. It is fiendishly dark.  Unless you<br/>completely lack empathy you will likely suffer along with young<br/>clairvoyant Adrienne as she becomes ever more trapped in an evil<br/>web of family secrets and sinister manipulation. Although the setting is<br/>late Victorian, this is not a tale that follows the era's formula for super-<br/>natural tales: here evilprevails, and we do not  return to the comfort of our<br/>conventional day to day reality.
A well-written and researched / imagined story with believable characters but that left me hungry for more insight.  The mystery in the historical record behind Miramont and its real-life players should have been the focus of tying to piece this story together rather than developing the story as a conventional show and tell.  Still, I vigorously applaud this author's first work and I would definitely pick up her next book, because she has promise!
Okay, I bought this book expecting a chilling ghost story, not a psychologically disturbing novel that would trigger me back into my depression. I know that I should've read more of the reviews, and I now know what my mother meant when she said "Be careful what you put in your head."<br/><br/>I would've appreciated knowing in advance that there would be semigraphic child molestation, rape, and  nonconsensual incest between two cousins.
I like books written around historical events. I would love to see this castle someday.  I have only caught a few typographical errors in this book which made it a positive.  I loved the relationship between her and her grandfather, it broke my heart when he died.  I wish things would have gone differently but it is what it is. Overall, I really enjoyed this book, and I would recommend it but give it a forewarning of the dark undertones to come.
I downloaded this book and I can't get past this until I review the book. REALLY!!!!!! I haven't even read the book, but your going to make me do a review before I c a n continue?????????? I hate to give the author a bad review because surely it isn't her fault that whomever put this little glitch in this program is such an ass. There I've done my 18 words or more. Are you happy??? Now can I continue to read????? I don't know, we'll see!!!!!!!!
The main characters were very well done.  Sweet Adrianne, evil Marie, disgusting Julian.  Other than Grand Pere, the other characters were rather shallow and barely explored. Adrianne's father was a sidenote, her mother a clueless ball of fluff.  It's remarkable she managed to become such a basically normal young woman.  I don't quite understand why her grandmother did what she did.  Self-fulfilling prophecy?  All and all, an entertaining read.
I live near Manitou Springs, and for the most part the historical part of the book seems correct. However, unless there is a sequel planned, the whole idea of building up the story line about the secret journal, and then not resolving it, left me frustrated. Also, not resolving to the reader what happened to Aunt Marie when she returned to France, was a little disenchanting. Other wise an easy read and a good story about a historical landmark.
I like happily ever after endings. And even though this book was full of fascinating characters and circumstance...even though it was founded in reality...even though the loose ends of the story were pulled together at the end...it still l left me disappointed...wanting more...wanting our heroine to have some way, some means of pulling herself up and away from all the wickedness that surrounded her. I wanted her to be able to rescue herself...
This book moves very slowly. The story seems to revolve around the long visits of the aunt who is very stern and demanding. All of the friends of the heroine are removed. Her mother has little interest in her child.  The secrets come fast and furiously. When the heroine is trapped in Colorado she finally finds out the rest of the secrets.However, story detiorates to only to removed the remaining enemies. The story ends with very little point.
I wanted to read this book mainly because I know Colorado Springs and have visited the castle in the not too distant past.  The story behind the castle intrigued me and I was curious how someone would weave the truth with the fiction.  I think she did a great job.  A lot of the book is fact with only some fiction.  I truly enjoyed the story and would have given it five stars if it had not been so terribly sad.  I would read this author again.
In spite of being completely exhausted, this book demanded my attention.  I tried to put it down, but I could not sleep until I finished.<br/><br/>The writing is wonderful!  The characters are well developed.  I fell in love with Adrienne and despised Marie.<br/><br/>The editing is perfect.  There is nothing to distract from the story.<br/><br/>It has been many years since I stayed up all night reading a book, but this one was worth it.
Because the locations and the story were different, it was an interesting read.  However, toward the resolution the story kind of fell apart and became less than satisfying.  I would have liked more of a playing out of the events rather than a narration of what happened.  I still would recommend the book to someone as an interesting experience.  The  characters were well developed.  The use of language was clear and precise, which I enjoyed.
The book is well written, developing the characters fully. You may not like some of them, but come to understand why they are like they are, do the things they do, right or wrong. The author makes you care about and feel for the characters....everything from sorrow to pure loathing. The outcome surprised me, and that's all I am going to say about that so as not to give anything away! Well worth your time and a great read! Highly recommended.
This is a story of a young woman who is moved from France to Colorado, and finds her own ways to deal with the people who mistreat her. It is sad that such a young and innocent girl is treated so badly, only because she has a gift and is different from others. Many twists and turns in the plot line, and a surprising ending. The epilogue is quite interesting, as is the afterward, and provides a whole new level of appreciation for what the author has accomplished.
This is the story of a wealthy little French girl who leads a lonely life because her family is ashamed of her ability to "see things".  It is a heart breaking tale of the innocence of a child and the cruelty of adults. It also exposes the weaknesses of several people who should have stepped in to rescue this girl.  This isn't a ghost story until the end. The rest of the book is probably the saddest story I have ever read, including the end.
I really enjoyed the whole book, until I got to the last few chapters.  The end was sad, to the point of depressing, and seemed to fall flat after the main climax.  However, I liked the explanation in the Afterword, showing that the story was based on true events.  The explanation made me understand why it ended as it did.<br/><br/>All in all, it's a worthwhile read for those who enjoy a Victiorian romance with a touch of the supernatural.
Miramont's Ghost doesn't appear until near the end.  This story tells of the experiences of a young girl that possessed an unwanted gift of clairvoyance.  The author takes you through her experiences in France as well as her very trying experiences in early Manitou Springs, Colorado. Miramont Castle, an 1895 chateau, is still there and tours are offered, ghost included.  The story about Miramont's Ghost is still a part of the local history.  Read and enjoy!
I don't think many authors can get away with carefully building a character the first half of the book and using the remainder of the book to destroy her.  The only reason this does not get one star is Ms. Hall's skill in the earlier development of Adrienne.  Sad and unsatisfying with a host of horrible, unbelievable, unlikable characters and with a "heroine" you expect great things from who totally lets herself and the reader down.
This book is very depressing but it kept me interested enough to read it all the way to the end, thinking that it will get better, or at least have some sort of redeeming value after all the horrible things the protagonist had to endure.  Nope!  I understand that not all stories have a happy ending, but at least throw in some justice in there somewhere. I have never read a more unsatisfying book in my life until this one. It just left me angry and depressed. And the protagonist even started to irritate me towards the end.  She just stood there and let all these bad things happen to her without a fight. That may be how women were supposed to act during that time, but come on!  And after she died and became a ghost, I expected her to haunt Julien and finally get her revenge. But she didn't even do that! And even after death she was still suffering. I wonder what the writer expected to get out of the readers by writing a pointless book like this. I got no satisfaction out of this book whatsoever. What a waste of time and my $1.99.
I've read a lot of negative reviews, but I really liked this book. I was immediately attached to the characters. I wanted to protect Adrienne, wanted to yell at others and wanted to punch others in the face. Books like this are rare for me. I was disappointed with the ending, but it makes sense.....I have never completed a full historic novel. But this one had me connected from the beginning. I hope to find others like this in the future.
I enjoyed the history woven into this story.  I especially liked the final pages explaining where such history info was taken from.  The story was easy to read and follow.  I couldn't wait to get on my treadmill and start reading again each morning.  I was taken back in time, with the characters and their mannerisms of the time.  I felt angry at times, but had to remember that in those days, society rules were different.  Very good book!
Was interesting how the author included historical facts into the story line.  Overall I enjoyed reading this book  - it kept one engrossed by developing a strong main character. One became sympathetic to her plight & wanting her to have something good happen. Not the ending I expected but that's half the fun of reading - not knowing how it will turn out when one reaches the ending.  I would definitely look for other works by this author
This was a free pick, and I wasn't expecting a whole lot. The story, however, turned out to be quite interesting and I found myself thoroughly involved. The ending wasn't something you could see coming until very late in the book, and I would have preferred something a little more upbeat, but it does make sense in terms of the story. There are elements of the supernatural, but not too much til the very end. Overall, this was worthwhile.
I did not know what to expect. I was looking for a traditional murder or other traditional story. I was surprised by the many<br/>Twists and alternate directions in which The story travels. It kept me quite interested and caring about Adrienne. The story even has someone you will love to hate. The ending seems a million miles away from the beginning. A must read is the information after the story. I liked the writing style too!
This book started out strong.  The characters were likable and mostly believable.  The book quickly turned into the script from a bad Lifetime movie.  I like books with a hero and people with redeeming qualities.  This was not it.  The book got worse as it went on, and I kept reading in hope it would get better, but it didn't.  This is not a real ghost story, the supernatural parts of this book almost seem like an afterthought.
This book kept my attention, and although I didn't like how it ended, it was based on some historical events, woven into a story by the author's imagination. Sad story, and I would like to think the antagonists got their "just desserts", but that often doesn't happen in real life, especially during that time period.<br/><br/>Some characters were well-developed, others not so much, which led to surprises along the way.
I have to admit that I almost didn't finish reading this because the beginning did not grab me. But I persevered and became more and more interested in how the story would play out...who would be the ghost.  I should have seen the ending, but maybe did not want to.  Well written story.  And taking the facts and weaving this story into it was quite good!
I found the story captivating from the beginning.  However, I was waiting for some grand turning point that simply never happened.  The ending was abrupt and ultimately unsatisfying.  The strong promising character she'd developed in Adrienne simply fizzled into... nothing.  Background information for the story clarified for me why she chose that particular ending; it just didn't feel like a good fit for the rest of the story.
I found this book to be intriguing enough to keep me reading more. I am really sad as to how the story ended. I want to be able to tell Adrianne to just let it all go. To seek out God so she can be at peace and find Gerard. Life as a ghost for the past 100 years would be unjustifiable the need to be reborn in another era to try to find happiness and to find her true love  should be all too strong to resist. It would be for me.
Miramont's Ghost was well written. It held my attention from the moment I picked it. The description of the characters was phenomenal. The only comment I will make about the book that I would change is the ending. I like happy endings and was quite surprised how the author ended the story. One hopes that in this crazy world we live in that there are slivers of hope, if even for just a moment. I would highly recommend the book.
Though a work of fiction, the author captures real emotions of tragedy and isolation at hands of prejudice, fear, and manipulation. A story of a powerless young woman at the mercy of a merciless powerful family member, whose motivation is fear of hidden family secrets coming to light and the loss of prestige, because of gossip. I could not put it down.
I loved how much this book was a page turner! I won't continue a book unless it completely captures me within the first 3 chapters and this book had me hooked on chapter 1. It has romance, mystery and a bit of history involved.  You can really connect with the characters also. That is something that is very hard for me since I find most characters in books kinda unrealistic. I would definitely recommend this book. It's great!
Intriguing book with twists and turns that kept me reading until I finished the book. Being from Colorado I had to see if the book was true to the historic history, the author did her homework on this one. I'll watch for this author again and read another she has me hooked! This book is a 5 star rating if you enjoy twists and turns in a historic adventure of the past. Welcome Elizabeth Hall I can't wait for your next project!
This book is well written with unique characters.  From the first page I felt strongly for the main character. To have suffered so much at a young age was heartbreaking. I'm glad it is fiction, but it included real events with the author's version of a possible scenario. I wanted to reach in and rescue the girl, straighten out the aunt, and clobber the cousin! I so hoped the rescue by the suitor was quick. It was a good read.
Truly remarkable to begin with! The author uses beautiful imagery, and while the reader is given a sense of tragedy from the get go, nothing can prepare for the reality. The second half of the book seems to lose its direction. BADLY. It also boasts one of the most upsetting and unsatisfying endings that I have personally ever read. If you are one to be emotionally invested in your stories, it's not worth the pain in the end.
This fictionalized story is based on real events surrounding Miramont, located outside of Denver, Colorado, which allowed Hall few options when it came to the ending.  Hall does include the facts of the actual events which are interesting to learn and help explain why the ending had to end as it did.  Unfortunately, the ending still left a bad taste in my mouth.  I like stories where the protagonist overcomes all obstacles.
This is a haunting story. Not necessarily one that will keep you up at night terrified, more the kind that keeps you up wanting to know more about Adrienne and her life. It's a beautiful and at times heart wrenching story. Very well written. I would read it again. There are very small hints that I feel I should've paid more attention to. In the end they all become clear, and the story is that much more tragic and beautiful.
Before purchasing a Kindle book I'll read the 1 star reviews and then the 5 Star reviews. This book had some pretty negative 1 star reviews, and some very positive 5 Star reviews. I'm glad that I paid little heed to the 1 star reviews. This book was excellent. Excellently written, proof read, edited and I remember two typos. The storyline, character development, historic research, all excellent. I really enjoyed this book.
The reader is drawn to the main character Adrienne and her fight for acceptance and love.  The book is so well written that it almost plays as a movie in the readers mind.  The elegant description brings everything to life.  I was so drawn to the trials and turmoil.  The icy wickedness of Marie, the innocence of Adrienne.  Her life stolen and controlled by everyone but herself.  Desperately seeking freedom and happiness.
This book was free to me, so I read it and was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed it.  I was expecting a romance which I do not normally like, but it was more of a mystery and not much of a ghost story.  I wanted to see what happen to Adrienne and was disappointed that she never got a backbone or happiness.  The Afterword about this story says it was based on real people and did fill in what happen to Marie and Julien.
Amazing that a book with virtually no action at all could even keep my attention, being that my usual reads are by Tom Clancy, Preston and Child, Stephen King and so on and so on....  As I read I had trouble stopping, I had to know what happened next, knowing that the situation was probably going to get worse and worse for Adrienne.  A damn good, albeit very dark, story that was very well written.  Nice work Miss Hall!
This story is interesting but moves slowly.  Only when the reader is about half way through the book does it get moving, but even then rather slowly.  I don't care for this new "affectation" used by some authors today where a comma separates two separate thoughts, where there should be a semi-colon or even a new sentence.  There are many short sentences as well, better suited for about a 6th grade level reader.
I loved this book.  I wouldn't call it a ghost story exactly but it was very dark with the aunt being so evil and her cousin being so creepy and perverted.  It grabbed me from the very beginning and kept me enthralled until the very end.  Mostly I would call it a very sad story.  It started out with her idyllic life and went downhill from there.  If I had to use just one word to describe it I would say it was very sad.
This was a great book to read. You start out the book thinking you already know how this story goes but as the chapters keep building you start to realize that there is more to this book and you love every second of trying to piece the story together. So just when you think you've solved the mystery, Elizabeth Hall turns you around and you're back at square one. This is defiantly a book I would recommend to others.
Miramont's Ghost begins with an engaging story of a family in France. Well written, we are drawn into their lives and secrets.<br/>The story held my interest until the last 8%...then it fell flat. All the intrigue and suspense was like a balloon gradually inflating. Then, instead of a sudden explosion or "pop", it felt like the air was just let out and it fell limp.<br/>4 stars for all that led up to the ending.
Incredibly swampy and hard to get into. You will read 4 whole paragraphs devoted to how two people are standing in a room together and how one is smoking, but very little in the way of exposition or character development. That may be because the story is very thin so lots of useless filler is needed in order to give the reader a sense of substance. It doesn't work, this book comes of as a wholly unsatisfying read
This is a ghost story without the fear or horror.  I truly enjoyed the book because it has everything a person would want to read  all in one story. It has scandal , dishonor, trauma, distress, and a bombshell of a rape.  This is a very magnetic book you cannot put it down once you start reading. I highly recommended  it  I gave it four stars because I disliked how the story ends.  Although the epilogue is GREAT!
I finished this book about a week ago, and the story continues to linger.  A haunting ghost story.  The pace is somewhat slow, or others might call it rich--but because it's very well-written, I zoomed through it.  There's just nothing to obstruct the narrative intake except for the sadness of the tale. .  And that's the only caveat I suggest:  if the reader has difficulty with sad, s/he might not like this read.
I couldn't put the book down most of the time and had to make myself to get to sleep.  It was a very good story.  I was a bit sad that the main character's life didn't work out better but liked the fact that the story came from some happenings in real life even though the main story was fictional.  It kept me reading and I liked the description in it.  Very detailed but not boring.  Was sorry it finished.  Suzann
For me, to rate this book was tough. The author was brilliant in her storytelling and kept me captivated with the characters and locations throughout the book. However, I did not like the storyline. I kept waiting for more...out of Adrinne and her gift, Marie and Julien, Pierre and Genevieve...I just wanted more from the story. It felt very empty and incomplete after completing the book. I was very dissatisfied.
I enjoyed this book.  Great first book by a new author.
Since I had been therel I was eager to read this book.  I understand that this is he authot's first book.  It was very well written and although there were some dark passages in the story, this made it more interesting.  I found it difficult to put down as I got into the story even though it was not a true narrative.  The author's descriptions of all events kept me interested throughout.  I highly recommend it!
A good first effort, but not good enough to make me suspend disbelief & get submerged into the tale's reality. Plot line: evil adults take total control of a young woman's life & make her miserable to the point of death. It happens, for real, but this book did not convey a sense of why it was all happening, except that the people were Very Bad Perverts. Why did the victim not attempt escape? Did not make sense.
I don't know that my review will add much more to what others have said but here's mr 2-cents.  I love a good, suspenseful ghost story, but unfortunately, Miramont's Ghost was not it.  I give it four stars for the writing, as I think it was very good.  But the story line itself was terribly sad and depressing.  I kept reading and hoping for some excitement but it just sunk deeper and darker and there was definitely no happy ending.
Enjoyed the book with a few exceptions.  For a story based on actual happenings, but turned into a novel...it could have used a lot more imaginative dialog.  It was very wordy, and rather dull.  The characters were not fleshed out as well as I would have liked.  As for the ending...as much as poor Adrianne suffered, I was really expecting a lovely reunion with Gerard at the end...that disappointed me the most.
I couldn't put this book down!  I became engrossed in the character's (Adrienne's) unbelievable life, from her childhood throughout her tortured life.  If you are looking for a story that will keep you on the edge of your seat, this book will do it.  There are so many twists and turns that you'll begin to wonder what's going to happen next.  I definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes a good mystery.
The story really makes you feel a connection to the characters. The intense compassion for Adrienne, the anger at her aunt and the circumstances, emotions all vividly evoked by the author's ability to build the tale. Great job!
I wasn't expecting much based on the synopsis when I downloaded it for my kindle first book. But after the first chapter I really enjoyed the writing, the characters, history, plot--all of it. It doesn't have a happy ending, which is both sad because you love the main character so dearly by the end, but also refreshing because life isn't always a picturesque lie to be told on paper.<br/><br/>Really lovely!
This book started with intriguing character and plot development but quickly fell apart. It was as if the author had no idea where to take the story after the first few chapters. I don't mind a dark tale if it is well written but ths one was not. I'm glad it was free; even though I didn't pay for it I still feel like I was ripped off.
First I was really getting into it then it was just bleak, bleak, bleak, hopeless, hopeless, hopeless almost to the point where I just didn't give a damn about the main character.  And for me that juins ruins my enjoyment of the book.  You want that person to fight, fight, fight to the bitter end.  Won't say more and spoil it but it's a very interesting read and then last 20% of the book is just well, crap.
Having grown up in southern Colorado I was really looking forward reading about a location I was familiar with.<br/>Overall it was a good novel. The first half of the book was well written and drew you in to the world of Adrianne.<br/>The second half, that takes place in Colorado, felt rushed. Without spoilers, I was left wanting more.<br/>Overall I still recommend (and have recommended) Miramot's Ghost.
I was surprised to learn that this was fiction based on actual events and people who lived at Miramont. I was surprised to learn that the 'ghost' was Adrienne. The dark side of me wishes that the book goes into the remainder of the lives of Marie and Julien in the hopes that they suffered but between the book and what happened to the actual people, I would say they suffered immensely. A great read overall.
This was such a well written book but it was excruciatingly sad. I can't begin to understand why the author chose to write what she did for the main character of this novel. For me, it was painful to read. I kept hoping it would go a different path and it just got worse. But again, she is a wonderful writer and I'm tempted to read more of her works...just not sure if her stories are the right genre for me.
I enjoyed this book.  The twists and turns taken by the main character were unpredictable.  Given the name of the book and the prologue, I did have some inkling of what was going to happen, but no clue how the author would get me there.  The end was a complete surprise.  I will admit that I shed a few tears in the reading of this book.  Even more surprised to read that she based in on 'real life'.
Don't  know what I expected,  but it wasn't this. Parts of the book are based on the French pastor who built the castle , his mother , and their  horrible treatment of  family and parishioners.  I felt nothing but sadness in the life of one of the main characters. It never let up.  There was never a sense of relief or anything that improved how the book ended. I kept waiting but it never happened.
I kept waiting for the mystery, for which I got this book, to come; it never did. On top of that disappointment, it began very positively and kept getting more and more depressing. Along with there<br/> lack of mystery, a happy and surprising ending for the protagonist also was not forthcoming. I cannot recommend this book to even those who enjoy gloom and doom. Although competently written, It's an all-around disappointing story with very poor<br/> structure and plotting.
Great title this book, enjoyed reading it. It will keep you on the edge of your seat. I couldn't put it down. At the same time I kept asking myself if some of the info were fiction or non-fiction. The reason is because of the locations described through out it makes you go hmmmm. I felt bad for the ghost because of all the sadness and heart ache she endured. Good book with a little history lesson.
Adrienne , a young French girl, must deal with clairvoyance. At first her family attributes it to a vivid imagination. As she grows older the gossip starts and older people remember her grandmother was also touched. Her Aunt Marie does what she can to control Adrienne because she fears her own secrets will be revealed. Journey with Adrienne as she is whisked away from her home and those she loves.
For all of the talent displayed in the actual writing of this book it's too bad that it had to be so depressing even to the end.  Never a real price for the people who inflicted all of the pain during the course of the story the only ones who suffer are the children.  Whereas I found the author completely capable and talented, it would have been nice to have read a different story than this one.
I was excited to read this novel which was billed as a ghost story. For the first half or a bit more, I could not put it down. I wanted to see what happened to each character...but then the novel turned into a different story. The characters became unlikable and situations arose that seemed unlikely and depressing. I tried to finish but could not waste any more of my time on this horrible novel.
it was a great shame that Sharpe wasn't actually at Trafalgar, however well written nearly historically accurate and a hell of a story including the death of Horatio Nelson.  for readers that read my review, you need to download the order in which the books were written so you get the continuity of the stories.  Sharpe is a handsome bugger,  shame he is not ever going to turn up on my doorstep.
The characters in this story are well developed and I found myself either loving or hating them. The twists and turns in the story line had me guessing the eventual outcome over and over. The real ending was not anticipated by me, nor did I know until the afterword that the story was loosely based on a true story.  Not light reading with a happy ending, but this was certainly a compelling read.
This novel was very intriguing in that it showed a French aristocratic family as very dysfunctional. This family had a myriad of mysterious problems. These problems begin to culminate with one of the daughters making a trip to America in the 1800's. She is trying to find herself and her dreams but there is a twist in the plot that will leave you gasping and make you a believer in Clairvoyance.
I was riveted for most of story, but then I did not care for the ending at all.  Without giving it away, lets just say I wondered why the book was even written.  There seemed to be no point to it.  Too bad, because it was well-written, the characters were interesting and the plot was plausible.  I would like to read more by this author in hopes that other stories have more of a point to them.
Interesting title and synopsis made me download this book, and it is based on supposed events said to have happened at the actual Miramont castle, but... very slow read, repetitive, drawn out lamentations voiced by the main character.  Her pity party went on and on, making the story drag on, bogging down the plot.  There was minimal character development in regards to all the main characters.
I chose the five-star rating because of the way the author keeps the story moving along without constant chapters of boring background rhetoric. The story keeps the reader entranced with the main character, Adrienne, and keeps you wanting to know more and more about her! The author's talent of creating the emotional connections of heart-pounding suspense, pain of loss and promise of love is remarkable! I would recommend this book to those who are interested in mysteries, suspense, period works, clairvoyance or ESP.
This packed a surprising punch.  I was really enjoying it, couldn't put it down and then ... I thought it was depressing and gut wrenching, what happened to her!  I guess it did turn out right in the end - I'd forgotten the title and thus never expected that, and it stuck with me long after I finished reading it.  Learning that a lot of the crux of this was based on fact really hit me, too.
First I have to say that the writing is beautiful, absolutely beautiful, but the pacing is slowly agonizing. I stuck with it hoping it would pay off but ended up with a stable full of passive characters and a frustrating ending that really made me feel like I'd wasted my time. I don't know what the point was, it just felt like squandered potential and then a cheap dramatic trick at the end.
The best part of this book was the epilogue where it discussed the actual history of the castle. It really tied the story together.<br/>This book held my attention, and it was really different for a ghost story.  I enjoyed the story and would recomend it. After reading the story, and the history of the castle. It instilled in me a desire to visit the castle the next time I am in the area.
Interesting story of a talented young girl and her attempts to find happiness and survive in a family with a very jealous and vindictive aunt.  Her mother was weak and ineffective in protecting her.  Her forced travel and enslavement in America was a real tragedy.  While her suicide after being raped and impregnated by her sick uncle, was understandable, I wanted more justice for her life.
I must have misread previous description because I thought it was going to be more of a supernatural story. Was too far along not to finish the book. Did not like the turn the story took and was disappointed in the ending. Then reading the last notes only made this story even more unappealing to me once I learned of the story it is loosely based on. But it was an easy read so no real harm.
From the first chapter this book held my interest. Happy and carefree in the beginning but then sad and unfair in the end. Once I finished the book, I found that it is based on true events and real people. This period of time, 1800s, is very interesting to me. This book wouldn't let me put it down until I'd finished it. Definitely a must-read for other historical thriller addicts!! Enjoy!!
I was looking for a ghostly story and found a tale of a very special young lady.  I loved the precocious child with the red hair and bubbling personality who was shaped by a wise and loving, but aged grandfather.  Too soon she lost the only ally in her life.  What ensues as she matures will delight nd saddened you as you read this wonderful story.  Thank you Ms. Hall.  Write another soon.
I just could not put this thriller/chiller down. Sublime descriptions that engage all your senses. Dark and frustrating like Harry Potter  books. Deeply evocative...causing the reader to stop and take time to digest and determine what is really going on.  Just even try to guess the ending....not going to happen!!!!!!
The premise of the book was interesting, the protagonist was at first very enjoyable but then became the damsel in distress.  This was fitting for the time setting and the story. Characterisation was wonderful for all the main players.  The reason for three stars instead of more was the sexual content.  The concepts were fine however the over explicit details felt forced and unnecessary.
I really enjoyed this book.  It is psychologically suspenseful, which I like.  This is a well-written book and I would highly recommend it.  Be warned, though, this book does not end on a happy note, which may disappoint some readers.  It is still very good and worth the unhappy ending.  If you like this book, I would also highly recommend This House is Haunted by John Boyne.  Excellent.
Ending Not what I had thought it would be. Storyline was very trite, characters very vapid ie her mother, father and boyfriend. So the evil Auntie destroyed our main character, this girl never had a chance. Then all the sudden toward the last chapter; the book started to read like a history book trying to explain that the character were real at some point in time. Disappointed in ending.
Very slow and lacked consistent focus. The premise started out well but then lost its charm the further you went into the story. The motivations of the characters were a reach, to say the least. Terrible, depressing ending that made the entire book even worse. It's too bad because it did have a good beginning and the story could have gone in many interesting ways other than how it went.
This tale kept me interested and was full of surprises. I was able to picture the scenes in my head, which I often am too rushed of a reader to bother with, so that is a testament to the book's rich descriptions! Without spoiling anything, I was connected enough to the protagonist to wish for her to have a happy ending as I read along. I also engaged the historical aspect of the book.
Excellent read! Not the most pleasant material but a real page turner nonetheless. A fictional account of a Catholic  priest juxtaposed with pedophilia and the most repellent Mother to stand by and allow her son to commit such atrocious acts. A bit of a downer to be sure; I kept hoping that the girl would somehow persevere and that her goodness would trump all that evil. Recommended.
I haven't completed this book but I really enjoy it.  Elizabeth Hall has created a great storyline that involves the probability of paranormal "gifts" to her characters.  I will continue to read and update the review should my opinion change.  However, I doubt it will -- Hall has written "my kind of paranormal thriller" and done it well enough to keep my interest.
This book was a strange read. The story drew me in and I was enjoying it a lot until I got about mid-book and then it was so depressing to read the rest of the way. The end just didn't gel with the story's ending. I don't need for a book to have a happy ending, but the author didn't even allow for a release at the end, which made it very difficult to be glad that I read the book.
Was excited about the book at the beginning of it.  It's written well, but the story deteriorated as it got to the end.  I was intrigued by the girl who saw visions...saddened by the change in mood as the book neared the end.  The addition of sex added nothing to the book and I wouldn't have bought it if I knew what it really was about.  I was just wanting an amiable ghost story.
I chose only a two star rating solely because I had enjoyed both the story line and the characters; that is until the last several chapters. It was as though the writer got tired and just gave it any old ending. After all the suspense and mystery, this ending truly ruined the book for me. Don't let that stop you from reading it however, just make up your own exciting ending.
I wasn't sure at first if I was going to like this book but it actually turned out to be very enjoyable. I lived in Colorado Springs for a while so I am very familiar with Manitou Springs and this area where the story is set. I appreciate the history behind the story and the research the writer did to bring this story to life. I would love to see another book by this author.
Overall I enjoyed the story.  I liked that the story was made up based on a real place and the history surrounding it.  Enjoyed Adrienne's life more in France than when she came to America as it felt a little more developed.  Once she arrived in America her mood swings between determination and despair got a little tiresome.  That said I liked it more than I thought I would.
A ghost story that doesn't develop until 90% of the book is over. By the point any ghostly action does take place in the book, the reader has been bludgeoned by so many numerous negative events that befall the main character that the reader just wants it to be over. Furthermore, when the reader does reach the end it is only to find that there is no payoff for the time spent.
I liked the tale of Adrienne's young life in France. After falling under the power of her aunt, her travel to America, the events of her life takes a dramatic turn. I disliked the outcome for Adrienne. I would have preferred a dramatic rescue by Gerard. The references to pedophilia are disturbing, especially in light of recent church history. The ending left me unsatisfied.
Well, I start this book off thinking it would be an actual ghost story- which I guess it kind of is. It was pretty good- I mean it was a free book so I can't complain. There were times when things the writer wrote made me cringe- there were some really cheesy metaphors. It was a decent read- however, the ending kind of was a let down. I guess I hoped for something different.
This was a fun blend of fact and fiction. I enjoyed the way the author took a small bit of history and embellished it with her own creative idea of what happened. The book can be rather gruesome at times and does touch on a subject most people do not want to dwell on. Beyond that, I enjoyed the story and I felt like it was one of the better Kindle First books I've ever read.
If you like tidy and mostly-happy endings, you may want to look elsewhere.<br/>The castle, Miramont, and some of the characters are historically true, and absolutely heartbreaking. The protagonist is betrayed at every turn by nearly everyone in her life, and by the end of the book I was desperate for her to catch just one break.<br/>This is a bleak, but well-written story.
I thought it was a fascinating read and could hardly put it down until I finished it.  It was a fiction but based on true historical facts.  It also gave a<br/>glimpse of how life was lived in that time period. It was a ghost story of sorts as the house that it took place in was reported to be haunted.  The woman who wrote the story was a descendant of the main characters.
From the moment I started reading this book, I couldn't put it down. Elizabeth Hall has created a dark tale that takes the reader to dark places and leaves you wanting more.<br/>If you are a lover of a well written book, with characters that you both love and hate, then this is a book for you.<br/>An awesome read. I look forward to Ms. Hall's next novel with anticipation.
I could not put this book down. With all it's twist and turns through out. I was up till 5:30 in the morning finishing it. I loved the characters and the plots. I don't want to give away the ending, but it was not what I expected. This was a great read. I would recommend this as an adult read. Not for children. It's not a typical "they live happily ever after" kind of book.
I was hesitant at first, but since it was a Kindle First book, I decide  to give it a try. It actually surprised me at how good the book was. I normally don't read this type of book. Once I started reading it, I didn't want to put it down. If I had to actually pay for this book after reading it, I would. The characters are very interesting and the story line is different.
when I started reading this book I was really enjoying it and it seemed like it was going to be a great mystery book. Halfway through the book started to think how much more bad luck can the heroine in the book endure; did not like the<br/>ending left too much unanswered then all of a sudden the ghost decides okay that's it I'm not<br/>going to haunt the castle anymore?
I knew that I enjoyed this novel, but I didn't realize quite how much until I took a risk on another new-to-me author and find myself missing how well this one was written. This is a great period piece that is written in a wonderfully authentic voice. And the story itself went to many unexpected places, giving me a much more complex and enjoyable read than I had expected.
One of the best books I have read.  It is a haunting novel that sticks with you, even after you finished it months ago.  The characters are so genuine.  The book is well written and will hold your interest until the end.  I often will get a book and after a few chapters, go straight to the last chapter, just to get it overwith.  Not this one.  Would definitely recommend.
I enjoyed this book although I wanted to kill Aunt Marie!!  I generally like happy endings (this is not a spoiler alert it depends on what you deem as happy!) a tragic love story with a spoiled rotten priest....an overbearing aunt and a mother who is too weak to stand up for her own children!!  I would recommend this book as an easy read with well thought out characters.
As a child in the 60`s we went on vacation every year to Colorado from Texas.  I vividly remember this castle.  I was scared to death of it, the castle actually gave nightmares.  I bought this on a suggestion from Amazon.  When I started reading I was shocked when I figured out that it was the same castle that gave me nightmares so many years ago. I loved it, great book.
I thought this was going to be a mystery. Instead it is a semi historical fiction about real events. It is incessantly grim and dark. There is no breath of hope or justice. Just sad,sad,sad. I finished it and even the epilogue was bleak. It was a well-written downer book about what might have happened... perhaps that IS the final justice.... like I said not a happy book.
This was a great story...built suspense throughout. Has an unexpected ending. I loved the main characters  and felt the Author did a masterful job of weaving the ever more complex story while keeping the characters real and building the readers empathy for each of them no matter how dark their deeds!
One wonders why such sad stories are told. Reading the historical background at the end of the novel, credence is given to the horrors that this young woman possibly actually suffered. Well written and not at all predictable, it smoothly tells the story with subtlety which only intensifies the drama.
I was drawn into the story quickly and really enjoyed character construction and the detailed descriptions, but midway through the story it seemed that characters were just dropped with no follow through.  There were pieces of the ending that didn't have adequate details and just left me hanging.  That disappointed me.  I loved how close she stayed to the truth, though.
I was initially captivated by the story of the clairvoyant Adrienne. The plot seemed very promising, but I was disappointed in the lack of continuity. Her clairvoyant powers, which played a major role in half of the book, were minimal in the last half. Also, the climatic ending was very abrupt, strange, and disturbing. I can't say that I'd recommend this book to anyone.
But seemed to get lost in itself. I enjoyed the first half but debated quitting about half way through.  It bogged down and failed to keep my attention. The fact I did finish is why I gave 3 stars. There were many elements of the book that I thought were good and interesting with potential to expand but other parts seemed irrelevant or took up more space than necessary.  I did enjoyable the story tied in to true history. If I am ever there, I will make it point to visit.
Intriguing right from the beginning. All through the story I didn't know where it was going. It all comes together in the last few chapters. I don't read a lot of "ghost stories" and this really isn't one either. Loosely based on historical evidence.<br/><br/>I received this without charge. Probably would not have selected it by title. I am very happy to have read it.
Keeps you reading but also comes to screeching halt. Had I paid more attention, the fact that it is based on a true story explains a lot. It explains why it comes to an abrupt ending with little story line to follow. I feel empty inside for all the characters so I guess the writer did what they set out to accomplish but I somehow wish I hadn't read it. I miss Adrienne.
The writing is good and the storyline grabbed me in the beginning because there were so many wonderful directions it could have gone.  But the author chose to make it a very depressing story.  I kept thinking the main character was going to catch a break.  She didn't!  I read for escapism so I like happy endings.  If you are like me don't waste your time with this one.
I thought this book was very well written! I couldn't put it down. It was incredibly dark, I kept hoping for light, but there wasn't any. Every avenue of hope was blockaded by acts of evil and desperation. The heroine's attempt to survive was heart rending.And that the writer took some true folks and situations and crafted this tale to fill in the blanks was inspired.
I loved the first half of the book, full of mystery and intrigue, but the second half was bleak and rushed through horror after horror. I didn't realize some of the characters were based on actual people until I was finished, and now that I know that, it seemed the author was hurriedly trying to fit the historical facts into the story.  Such a promising start, though!
Amazon gave this one away free before it was released. I thought, Hmm. Good bet. It wasn't. A ghost story should be scary, yes? I think so. The tension in the book rises so slowly as to be glacial. I've seen its writing described as inspired, artful. No. I'd call it OK, with trite overtones. The book and its characters didn't move me, all the way up to the big climax.
This was an interesting fictional read of a local Colorado mansion. It was a great story based off some true events of the original builder of the house. I'm excited to go see the house after reading this story. I often find myself imagining what it would be like to live in homes of that era. It is entertaining to read someone else's idea of what could have happened.
I got very close to Adrienne, and she disappointed me--a lot. I spent most of the story waiting for something akin to revenge to happen, and for the characters to grow a backbone. I'm not an expert, but felt the writing was good---I saw the family's home in France, the countryside, the clothing. I got to know them all. Just didn't like the way the storyline unfolded.
I enjoyed reading the book but was disappointed inthe ending, I felt left out for some reason and wanting to know more about the family, like did her Mother ever find out she was alive and what her sist er had done to her daughter and what h er cousin did to her, it left a lot of holes for me to fill in that I could not unless I knew more about whqt was happening....
The book seems to be a compilation of several book plots.  The title of the book isn't even explained/revealed until the epilogue.  There are aspects that are intriguing, but the plot often does not develop them in a satisfactory manner.  More often the plot veers off in a new direction.  The book had potential, but needed a lot more editing to be a satisfying read.
I very much enjoyed this book.  I loved how the characters were developed and how the main character made your heart ache for her.  This book kept me thinking well after I was finished with it.  I was so pleased to have read this book and experience this adventure. For a Kindle First book this book is worth every penny it cost now.  I definitely recommend this book!
I'm stingy with stars, but this book lands squarely between 4 and 5. The writing style a bit flowery but I enjoy good writing and this is a fine example.<br/><br/>The story is based on historical figures, though it claims to be purely fiction, and I'd categorize it a Gothic Mystery.<br/><br/>This was a truly enjoyable reading experience! Kudos to Elizabeth Hall.
The writing was very good and the scenes very descriptive.  I understand the author was trying to weave her fictional story into a historical event, but the female protagonist should be as strong as her enemy.  In this case, the ending, and for that matter, the last third of the book was very hard to read without shouting at the girl to DO SOMETHING to save herself!
I was disappointed that defining all the characters early on in book had absolutely nothing to do with the story line. And.....I feel that this author may not have planned her ending and just quickly added some<br/>"facts" (not fiction) to end the story.  You learn more about this fictional book in the epilogue ..I should have just read that and not wasted my time.
The characters are a little odd. You have the classic Evil Aunt, a good girl who is treated poorly an wronged at every turn. An ineffectual Mother with an uncaring and unavailable Father. But nonetheless an interesting story.<br/>It starts slow and takes awhile to get into, but once I did, I had difficulty putting it down.<br/>I think any age group would enjoy it.
So depressing . I would not waste time on such a sorrowful tale. There are no bright points, no hero, nothing but misery. Clairvoyance should not be thrust into such a dark place. I pity the author to write about such darkness and treachery .  I know that not every life has sunshine and happiness but this is extreme.  I kept waiting for it to get better - never did
Enchanting historical fiction, with a basis in facts, this story kept me reading, straight through, from start to finish. A worthy read, excellent for a chilly wintry or rainy night. The twists and turns provide some interesting surprises, but ultimately left me a little disappointed that the author failed to develop her characters more, hence the four star rating.
This is a true, gothic tale- in more ways than one.  Often times the real horror does not come from the dead, but from the living, from those we know and from those who should protect us.<br/><br/>The story is so well-crafted and presented with rich detail that builds the scene and situation in your imagination. This book is definitely worth your time and money.
I live close to Maramont Castle so that brought this book to my attention.  Although still fiction, the author did a good job of incorporating the real history of the castle with the fictitious part of the story.  So although I had a special interest because of proximity, I also enjoyed the overall story.  Nothing like a good ghost story on a cold winter's night.
Miramont's Ghost drew me into its tale. Adrienne , with clairvoyance, is a likeable, though sad, character. I could only give a 4 star rating, though, because the ending comes on too quickly, and it's a bit unbelievable. Upon reading the epilogue, you discover that part was the factual part! Rooting for the heroine became an act of futility as the story unfolded.
I put this book down at least three times. Didn't know if I wanted to read it or not. Slow starter but after a little while I couldn't put it down. It is well written with a few unexpected twist. Thought for a little while I had the theme and could predict the end. Not true. I was surprised to read that this is the author's first book. I am waiting for number 2.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading. The author presented the story in vivid detail that brought the reader close to the main character. Her descriptions of the surrounding and feelings of the main character was outstanding. Makes the reader feel as well as smell and see all the fine details of what the main character was seeing and feeling. Best book I have read so far.
It took me a little while to get into this book, but once I did, I really started enjoying it. The characters were well- developed. There was enough excitement and enough unanswered questions to keep me reading. The prose itself was good. I had high expectations but I did not like the ending. Some aspects were okay, but overall, it seemed hurried and disjointed.
Nope, I never thought I would dislike a book so much. The thing is, that you will wait 300 pages for the story to develop but it never does, it's a very depressing book. Don't get me wrong, I'm very familiar with sad stories, I've read all the books from the song of ice and fire series but this is different, there's something big missing here, maybe the ending?
While I empathized with the main character, I found the book or the story line to be depressing. The book was somewhat engrossing. I wanted to keep reading and not put the book down, but in the end I was let down. The characters, while not pleasant people in general, were well developed and became more surprisingly unpleasant (terrible) as the story progressed.
This book was intriguing and very well written. However, very dark and gloomy. If you're looking for a book to escape to happy place.. this definitely wouldn't be a good choice. The ending left me unsatisfied and was quite frankly very disturbing and depressing. I am a fan of historical fiction and live in the Manitou area, so that aspect of the book was great.
I found this book very disappointing, being recommended amongst other modern fiction, it did not come close to any other book I have read for years for tedium. Its endless repetitions do not replace storyline, its characters were cliched and the progression limited. So sorry I wasted my time on it. Will be much more careful of Amazon recommendations in future.
it's rare that i can't get at least half way through a book before i put it down. i could only get to the 40% mark with this one before i gave up - plodding, slow, dragging plot. i could not relate to or care about any of the characters & did i mention slow. maybe there would have been an eventual pay-off, but i could not force myself to read one more page.
really enjoyed this story until it reached the ending where we find out who the ghost is, enjoyed the historical details as I live in Colorado Springs the story was quite close to home. Kind of a sad ending and no justice for the bad guys in this story so a little unfullfilling on some levels but still a well told story and worth the time I spent reading it
This book seemed to have a lot of promise for people who enjoy historic, mysterious stories.  Unfortunately it was one of the most tragic, depressing books I have read in a long time.  Well written, the story flows along nicely, but at the end, I have to ask why did the author hate her main character so much?  There is nothing redeeming in this tale of woe.
I loved this book! It was perfectly written, moved at a fast pace, but was easy to understand. I found it to be a gripping page turner. I wanted to find out what would happen with our protagonist - what would be revealed, and what she would do. I am normally a fan of the thriller/mystery genre, and this meets both of those. I definitely recommend this book!
I enjoyed the book until the last section. Then, for some reason, the author found it necessary to throw in every type of horrible type of violence and hopelessness she could imagine. It was as if a second author finished the book! No lesson, nothing thought provoking, no literary value whatsoever. I wish I would not have wasted my time reading this book.
I guess the reason I hated this story was because of the type of story that it was. I love a good ghost story, but I also like to see justice served. There was no justice served for this poor tortured girl, as in real live there seldom is. I prefer stories where the antagonists eventually have to face what they've done. I read to escape real life injustice.
I was surprised when I found out who the ghost was.  The writer is very good and I really liked this book.  Our sympathies must lie with the character with her travails and hate the aunt.  I felt sorry for her mother who was not supportive of her daughter even though she had the ability to foresee futuristic happenings.  Would recommend this book to anyone.
It starts off interesting. The characters are well developed. But it's just so boring after the first few chapters. You get to know the characters, but it leaves you wanting them to just DO something interesting. The book doesn't really get going until the last quarter of it. I hate starting a book and not finishing it. I struggled to get through this one.
Elizabeth Hall does a wonderful job of telling this story. Her description of France and the estate is wonderful. The way she describes the characters makes them easy to imagine their physical, mental and emotional attributes. The story keeps you on the edge of your seat and keeps you wanting more-it is definitely a page Turner. I high recommend this book.
Historical fiction based on what could be or what could have been!  The tangled web that shrouded this tale based on a real location, Miramount Castle in Manitoba Springs, CO used folklore to explain the unexplained apparitions reported by popular folklore.  A dark and forboding tale, it explains a wicked horror easily concocted during the Victorian Era..
Well written, but not a ghost story.  The characters are very hard to like.  The writing is lovely, the author very talented, but the story is brutal and sad. And there's only a brief interaction with the "ghost" of the title. Depends on what you're looking for, but this one didn't quite work for me. I wanted a gothic scare. It didn't happen here.
The premise of the tale was promising but the build up never materialized into anything of substance.  Characters were unevenly developed and there was minimal back story on some characters who I felt were very important like the Adrienne's mother for instance.  All in all the book killed time but I can't help but think how much better it could have been.
It took me a bit to get a good start on this one but it was worth the effort.  Originating in France near beginning of the 20th century, the activities also take place in New Mexico and Colorado. The protagonist is a young lady with moments of clairvoyance that allows her to "see" the intrigues of her unusual family. Read it for something a bit different.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and as I was reading it felt a nagging suspicion that I was familiar with what was written.  Took me a while to realize I had been to the very place this was written about!  My daughter, who lives in Colorado, took me there to tour it while I was visiting with her several years ago.  It made it all that much more enjoyable.
Very imaginative story based on factual events.  I can't help feeling let down though.  The heroine seemed a little too helpless and passive considering her hidden talent.  Bad guys who don't get punished and victims who keep on suffering isn't good reading.  It is quite depressing.  The beginning was very good and I expected a lot more from the heroine.
The plot seems somewhat contrived and farfetched until one reads the epilogue and realizes that the basic story is based on historical characters. The writing is engaging and builds the suspense, although it is a little heavy-handed at times with the metaphors. On the whole, however, it is not great literature but a good read if one likes ghost stories.
I agree with many of the other reviews.  It is a very dark story that does not have a happy ending.  The characters are very well developed and the story and descriptions are very illuminating. There are several twists and turns that will surprise you, right to the end.  One of the better constructed novels I have read in some time.  I highly recommend.
Starts well.  Good furnished background.  Well building up.  But from a certain moment the story turns (as expected) but it goes rather quick from then on, with very little extras and it ends as expected (what I did not hope for).  A pity because environment, characters etc very good.  Start of the story well established...... Will read next book though
It is very eerie to learn much of the story is true. The author does a beautiful job with filling in a background story of Adrienne. Scenery Descriptions are well written but not tiresome. The point of view changes frequently which sometimes helps to learn more about motivations but at some points the reader begins to question who is the main character.
I lived in Colorado Springs so this book about the castle intrigued me from the beginning. The plot was interesting. The main character was amazingly naïve and too easily manipulated, but I suppose there actually are people like that in this world so perhaps she isn't TOO unbelievable. Can't beat the price, as I got it for free, and it was entertaining.
This book is exceptionally well written and will grab your attention and keep it throughout the entire story. While a work of fiction it still describe some the heartbreak and pain that was inflicted upon the main character. The ending was an absolute shock and very well crafted to surprise the reader. Excellent and well worth the time spent reading it.
Wow, a truly chilling ghost story. Victorian and spooky, but so sad. It is amazing to think about how different life was for a woman 100 years ago, how little control they had over their very lives. It is frightening how much of this novel is based on historical facts, and yet how truly believable the story is. That is the very best kind of ghost story.
The fact that so much of the events in this sad stressful story were based on a true story was unsettling.  After all the struggle the main character has throughout her life I was hoping for a much better ending.  This book is best for people who don't care if the evil doers get their due and like endings not full of hope.<br/>I like my endings happy.
I couldn't put this book down.  Well written story that pulls you in with its mixture of truth and fiction. Well done Elizabeth Hall I look forward to reading more of your books. This would also make an awesome movie...Has a Lady in Black feel to the story.  I can't say enough good things about it.  Best book I've read in a long time. It's a must read!
Really loved this story. It transports you to France and the life of a wealthy but isolated family in the late 1800s. The setting is magical as is the main character Adrienne. The author has taken historical facts about the family from France and the castle they built in Colorado and woven it into an enchanting and mysterious novel. Highly recommended!
How close to the real thing! I couldn't turn the pages fast enough. A tale too real to be true! I couldn't..cry it was too shocking. I wanted to reach in and rescue this poor soul!  Well written with lots of twists.  I think a deeper explanation about Marie.s relationship with her husband would be better for the story.  Perhaps we are to speculate.....
The first part of this book is interesting and catches your attention. But about a third of the way into it the pace changes and the story seems to just become description after description and I lost interest in the characters. I skipped through most of the pages after that. Unfortunately the end did not live up to expectations either. Disappointing.
What else do you need? Ms Hall researched her time periods well and most of those details were woven into this story. Across two continents and different decades, the characters step in and out of established fact. I was only distracted once by an awkward attempt to bring in too much factual background. This book made a good read for a winter weekend.
The first 3/4 of this novel kept me very interested. I thought that the characters were very well developed. The last 40 pages or so are what let me down and made feel like,I kind of wasted my time.<br/><br/>I don't want to give the ending away, but it felt very rushed and incomplete. You never really know what happens to one of the key characters.
I  REALLY  ENJOYED THIS BOOK . IT CAUGHT ME RIGHT FROM THE START. IM IN A BOOK CLUB AND EVERY ONE RAVED ABOUT IT.<br/>THE ENDING  WAS A SHOCKER BUT I THOUGHT IT WAS GREAT. YOU CAN NOT ALWAYS HAVE THE EXPECTED. I ENJOYED  READING<br/>AND LEARNING ABOUT SOME OF THE CHARACTERS AND HOW THEY TURNED OUT AS THEY EXPERENCED  HARDSHIPS EARLY IN THEIR LIVES.
Finally a free option I really enjoyed. Story kept me interested and drawn in pretty much to the end. While the wrap up was fairly sudden and the plot got a bit graphic here and there, I think it was well done and worth a read. An interesting take on real people and mysterious events - I live near Manitou Springs and now want to check out the castle!
The book was well written but it was so melancholy that I would have a hard time recommending it to anyone. The way the conclusion briefly tied up all the loose ends felt rushed and did not do justice to the original characters involved in the first part of the book. I admit that I do like happy endings only and that everyone does not feel that way! For those who like a tragic ghost story, though, it is an interesting tale.
Good idea for a storyline. Unfortunately, the writing fell short of my expectations. Much of the book dragged on and the characters were definitely lacking in depth. The ending was too abrupt with respect to the build-up. If the story was intended to be historical fiction, it lacked in important detail and description of the setting and background.
Engaging ghost story with a different slant.  Excellent period piece writing with character development via dialog and some internal monolog.  Entertaining and thought provoking.
Miramont's Ghost is a book that will keep you turning pages and reading, reading,and reading.  Not able to put the book down, you be enthralled with the twists and turns each chapter brings. I loved this book!
great read surprise ending
Very good book. Kept my attention and living close to Manitou Springs that I do and having attended Our Lady of Perpetual Help church and St Mary`s Cathedral several times each, now I want to tour the castle and tell Adrienne it's ok to let go now.
A well written and unique story from a new author. Unexpected and unsettling plot twists.
Has some good parts in the story
a very good book.  Was hard to put down.  Held my interest
Ok
One of most intriguing stories I have run across in a long time.  Was so sad when the book ended.  I wanted the story to go on and on.  I highly recommend this fun read.  I lived in Colorado for 15 years and didn't know this castle existed.  Will definitely go visit on my next trip to that area.
Very interesting
As I was reading it, it came to a point where I got irritated with some of the characters. Genevieve's lack of backbone for one.  After I finished the book, it stayed in my head for a long time.  I wish there was some resolution to some of the characters but I understood the author's point.  Tragic though it was, It was well written and fast paced.
Spoiler alert<br/><br/>Adrienne died and the plot kind of crumbled. A few more chapters could have easily been added to wrap things up with every character instead of just julienne.<br/>Overall it was a very good book.
It was a frustrating read as you're introduced to a strong young female character who has many opportunities to escape her situation and yet does nothing. The story does not make sense. And the frustration comes from red herring signs of strength and opportunities that turn to dust. Within 2 pages it's as though these events never happened.
First half was good but the second half was very dark and disturbing
The beginning of the book pulled me in, rather lyrical in its descriptions.  However, once it went to being told through the eyes of a four year old, the story lost credibility.  I began speed reading the book.  I read some sections more slowly but for the most part the "visions" began to lose me.  The ending was disappointing, unrealistic.
I loved this book.  It is a bit of an historical novel, which I like. The author kept me intensely interested in what was going to happen. The descriptions of the scenes made me feel the era in which the story takes place.<br/>I am uncertain that everyone will "get it". There are things that may leave  a less philosophical person feeling let down.
It was a fast and easy read. It got more interesting in the middle of the book and I couldn't put it down. My heart ached for the main Character through her challenges. This was not an average happy ending and for that I liked it.<br/><br/>I would have liked a little more detail on some of the matters, like the death of the grandmother. That didn't really wrap up in the story well and was confusing since she "saw her own death".
This was a very well written and captivating story. I am not one to reiterate the story, you will just need to download the book and experience it for yourself. A word of caution though it contains scenes that depict the darker side of some people (rape, murder, poisoning, and molestation).<br/><br/>I was hooked from the beginning, and could not put it down until the end. I experienced so much emotion for Adrienne and her tragic story. This is a really good read.
This book was refreshing to read for a couple of reasons ...I usually read murder mysteries which can many times mimic each other in both plot and phraseology so it was refreshing to try something different.  Another way it was a pleasure to read was that it managed to keep tension/interest without using over the top plot lines.  Well written!
Right from the beginning, this story captured my heart.  I carried my kindle with me so that I could make use of every spare minute.  The author described the surroundings so beautifully, I felt I was there.  She drew her characters with sensitivity and compassion. I can't wait to see what she writes next.  This was a great reading experience.
Until now I have never understood the premise of weeping for a character in a book. Tears ran down my face as Adrienne drew the blade across her wrist. This was an amazing story. Thank you for writing it and thank you for using an adept editor, it was an exquisite read. I guess it isn't always a horrible thing to forgo a 'Happily Ever After'.
This is a well-written story. But I take one star off because many details are too repetitive, which dragged the story long unnecessarily.  I actually had to skim quickly at the second half of the story just to find out the ending.  Another star was taken off because this ghost story is not scary at all. It's just full of despairs and sadness
Simply couldn't put this one down. I was captivated from the moment I started to read right throughout the ending. I really don't like it when a good book ends and this was one of them. I read the entire book in a day! Fortunately for me the weather was sub-zero and I had no place to go. So if you enjoy historical fiction this is a must read.
I enjoyed reading this book. The characters were interesting and the plot kept me interested. I can imagine the heartache caused to Adrienne because of her clairvoyant tendencies. It certainly would not be acceptable in those days. Marie & Julien were terrible people. Julien hid behind his priesthood and Marie was a very bitter, nasty woman.
This is a very good book,  the kind you start reading and cannot put it down.  I really enjoyed it right up to the end.  The plot was well executed, but at the end it gets very graphic with sexual situations as I am sure the author is trying to explain what happened and why.  If you like a good story this will work, but check out the rating.
This book was well written and hard to put down. It was full of color and history. It was creepy and scary too. I would have given it a 5 star review because of the writing but I hated the way the story ended. I live in Colorado Springs and in years past I have been to Miramont Castle. So I was really excited to find a book written about it.
A very intriguing story; suspenseful and believable.  The reader is brought into the time period as well as the physical surroundings.  The personal disappointment in the ending might be explained away as, "Life is not fair;" however, I was truly hoping for something better - some form of 'pay back' with regard to the main character.
I was very disappointed with this book...not at all what I expected.  I finished it, but seriously considered putting it down half way through.  It just didn't seem to be going anywhere.  I thought I had it figured out about 2/3 of the way in, so then I had to finish it to see if I was right, but really no enjoyment from this read!!
It was a good book but it ended rather abruptly. I read it on my e-reader so I didn't realize how close I was to the end and was rather surprised when  I reached the epilogue (I thought I was about half-way through). It was a sad tale, and I kept waiting for the heroine's fate to take a turn for the better, but it never really did.
Oh my goodness.  Where do I begin?  I am an avid reader and almost never leave a book unread.  I wish that I had not finished this book.  The book lacked life.  The story was told as a dead person, as the third party.  The book skipped.  Ghost story, I don't think so.  Will I read anything by this author again?  Not likely.  Sorry.
I was completely involved with this novel from the first page. I particularly enjoy novels of history, clairvoyance, and mystery. To me this book was most enjoyable as it included all three genres. I absolutely do not want to give anything away in my review, but the end was a valuable lesson to us all. I highly recommend this book.
I purchased this book based on other Amazon reviews, and I am so glad that I did.  The story was engaging from the first page.  Characters were well developed and believable.  I finished the book in just one day because I couldn't put it down.  Highly recommended.
I got this book because, judging by the cover, I thought it was going to be scary and suspenseful.  It wasn't that at all, but still a great story.  I normally take 2-4 weeks to read a book, but I REALLY enjoyed this one.  The only reason I didn't give this book 5 stars is because I feel the ending could have been a little better.
I love the foundations in history and the known history of ghostly experiences at the castle.  The story is so layered. Peopled with good, bad, helpless characters. What a cruel schemer Marie is! Adrienne is never strong or angry enough it seems. But your are happily strung along.  Maybe Gerard. One of the very best closings ever.
I mostly enjoyed it, tho it reminded me of every other historical novel I've ever read, but I did not finish thr book because it took FOREVER to truly get to the "meat" of things, if you will. TL;DR, in summation. My apologies to the author, who I am sure slaved over the novel. Sometimes my ADD dictates what gets finished.
I wasn't sure what to expect but without being a spoiler I will tell readers "it's not about a ghost". I loved the story moving throughFrance, New Mexico and Colorado. The historical references add meaning to a story weaving through time. I am not often surprised but I was not prepared for turns that the novelist made me navigate!
I live in Colorado and have been to Miramont Castle severel years ago.  I know this was fiction based on history, but since I had been in the castle he wasn't hard to imagine how things could happen the way they did in the book.  The description of the castle was very realistic.  Was a great read,, keep my attention all the time.
Good story line and character development, sometimes very interesting, sometimes a bit dry, with an ending sure to disappoint. The author, committed to staying true to historical facts, destroys the heroic character she built from the beginning, leaving me feeling empty at the end. Perhaps reality gets in the way of good fiction.
This was a very dark book that leaves you wishing for something good to happen but never does. To me this book is like real life, not everything has a happy ending. Other than that I found the book very enjoyable to read. It is very well written and descriptive.
The story was very gripping and intriguing, but the ending fell quite short. I was left wanting more resolution. It was written quite well, and I was enveloped by the story and the characters, but unfortunately the shortfall of the ending left me with a sour taste after I was done. I would recommend this book, but with a caveat.
I will admit that this was a "dark" book but one that I could not put down once I started reading it.  I felt there were a number of twists and turns in the plot and so many questions that I had to keep reading.  I was disturbed by some of the things that happened in the book and the ending was not what I was hoping for.
From the moment I first started reading Miramont's Ghost by Elizabeth Hall, it became apparent that I would be incapable of putting this book down. So compelled was I to reach the conclusion that my normal routine of eating out was cast aside in favour of eating in the back room, reading my Kindle. The conclusion left me wanting.
This fictional ghost story is based around a castle mansion in Colorado. If you don't have opportunity to visit the castle the book is not very interesting. The ending is very depressing where the key character is raped and prisoned and slowly poisoned in a painful death. I wish I had passed on the over descriptive ghost story.
I was pulled in with lovely, full, descriptive language.  It was a pleasure at the beginning to read something that wasn't stilted or "written for film."  However, dark novels are not my style and I was most upset near the end of the book.  Since already invested in the story, I finished the book, but not with pleasure.
The writer was able to take the historical facts regarding Miramont Castle and the expansion of the railway system through the Indian territories of the time and weave a wonderful ethereal cloud around these times.  I felt compelled to continue reading because she made the story fascinating and mysterious.  A great, quick read!
This is an excellent period novel with well written characters and descriptions. As it gets going, it is very hard to put down. I did not know it was based somewhat on fact until the end. The book has lots of twists and really keeps the reader guessing. I really enjoyed it, even with the sadness in places. Well worth your time.
I really enjoyed this book, and the authors writing style. I found it very interesting that the author based this story off a real life historical person/place.  The story had lots of surprises and suspense, and kept me guessing.  It was pretty dark and depressing though. Don't read this expecting any sort of feel good ending.
Unless you. Are into tawdry romance novels.  If you want a well written mystery with the perfect set up read Lady in White.  But grown up writing.  Go to 50 shades of grey if you want well written titillation  Do go to Gabaldon if you want more of the former with the spice of the latter.  outlander<br/>.
I thought it started a little slow, but at the same time I couldn't wait to get back to read more. The ending was a surprise and I will leave it a surprise.  I would definitely recommend Miramont's Ghost to my friends and older granddaughters.<br/><br/>Love the fiction based on fact. Great job Ms. Hall.
A well written and creatively embellished story upon history. The author's descriptions were elaborate and precise. I visited Miramont Castle last summer and could easily summon it in my mind. Though a rough story full of heartbreak, it felt real and connective. Very good, thank you for the entertainment!
What I loved most about this story were the descriptions not only of the physical items, but of the smells and sensations of the French countryside, the long trip across continents, and the huge castle.<br/>The story seemed somewhat implausible, but was well written with great moments of subtle suspense.
This book is reminiscent of flowers in the attic.  I had to stop reading for a few days because I couldn't take the horror this young girl was deliberately subjected to by people who should have loved her.  This is not a slasher story - its worse.  It is a story of isolation, manipulation, and deception.
The story held my attention from beginning to end. It beautifully weaves the fictional Adrienne into the history of Miramont castle. I was so intrigued by the history, that I looked up the actual castle and read about  it, as well. The characters are believable and engaging, and the story flows smoothly.
I felt that this story had the potential to be great. I appreciate that the author connected the real life facts and developed the premise from history. However, I felt some points, feelings, emotions were very repetitive. It made the storyteller long winded and much of the internal dialogue unnecessary.
Enjoyed the first 90% of this book so much so that I forgot it was a work of historical fiction. I was hoping the author would take liberties to provide us with a happier, more satisfying ending. You spend the entire book rooting for a character that doesn't win in the end. This I was disappointed with.
Great idea.  Average execution.  I hate to be critical of the efforts of a first time novelist but I was lured into reading this book by the interesting concept and all the 5 star reviews.  It was an average book.  All the characters "stared" a lot.  It felt like it wasn't edited professionally.
It's not easy to make up a story to fit a few scattered facts. Ms. Hall gives it a good go but ultimately the story fails. It becomes hard to believe that a person would endure that much without fighting back in some way. Too bad, as Hall is a good writer who knows how to string words together prettily.
Thought this book was really interesting! Great descriptions of France and this amazing historical castle in Colorado.<br/>At the end is an extensive list of what the author found in her research. This is a fun read and I blew through in in a few days.<br/><br/>Be warned ---- it's not a happy story!!
I enjoyed the first part of this novel, but found the second part unfulfilling.  So many loose ends that were not satisfactorily finished. I found it both depressing and unsatisfying. I think it could have been really good if there just wasn't so many unanswered questions left by the time you finish it.
Though the  storyline began with great promise and intrigue, the antagonist suffered various devastating  loses that culminated to form obstacles she could not cross. With each earth shattering change the author gave the reader hope only to be devastated by the abrupt ending to the book by crude means.
This was a sad story, but very well written.  A few places in the story made me cringe because they made the person the story was about appear to be a bit slow - which she definitely was not.  I really liked her and I like happy endings. I should have realized sooner that this ending would not be that.
I have to agree with other reviewers.  The story was very dark but I guess a nasty ghost would result from a horrid life.  I did not like the ending at all--it leaves the reader hanging with no resolution. The story just ended abruptly and was quite disappointing.  It was a "that's it?" moment.
This certainly could have been better written; the phrasing and explanations of things were repetitive, predictable or not well thought out. Overall a story that I decided to read to the end to see if there was somehow a happy ending or a closing to many half hatched ideas, spoiler alert- there was not
Starts off decent enough, does a good job of making you want to see how the character manages everything that is going on but as the book progresses things get sloppy and the big "twist" at the end is only shocking with the way it happens but left me disappointed and felt like a cheap way out.
This is a wonderful book! Full of history and romance, and deep emotions. The writer does an excellent job of describing the characters so well that you feel you are totally involved with the story. I would love to see a follow-up book so we could find out what happened to Lucie and Adrienne's family.
Although a very well plotted and researched book, I must admit that I didn't enjoy it.  I had an unremitting feeling of dread through out the story.  The story is extremely well written, but not a type that I enjoy.  If you like a horror story, buy this book!  It will keep you glued to every sentence.
A good mystery with odd and interesting characters.  I realized halfway through that I would have to finish the story that day regardless of the hour.  The descriptions were nicely written and added to the feel of the story.  Clues were delicately sprinkled just at the right time.<br/><br/>Good book
The title and ending(final chapter) of the story didn't quite fit in with the rest of the book.  The title Miramont's Ghost ought to have focused a bit more on Miramont and or the Ghost - these things as it seemed were thrown in there haphazardly in the final chapter... Overall it was well written...
The writing style was simple but fairly well done. And even though I thought I would just put it away, unfinished, I kept coming back to complete the book. What I found most interesting was the historical facts that created the backdrop of the novel. An interesting way to present that place and time.
I liked the book, although I was hoping for a better ending for the main character. The setting is in the 1800s and the people didn't understand anyone with special abilities, such as being clairvoyant, so they were afraid. So the special abilities had to be hidden, which in turn made for a sad life.
This was a super fast read. I love Adrienne. She is a wonderful heroine even if the story didn't end as I expected or as I hoped. The characters are well developed. You either love or hate them as the author wished. And to find out that this fictional story has a basis in history made it even better.
The story was told in such a moving and flowing manner entailing period history story and social views I was enthralled from start to the sad but thought provoking conclusion.  This is the first book in over a year so good I had trouble taking a break. Great job!!!  I will look for this author Again.
I enjoyed this book but found myself says wishing that the writing was just a little better. There is s reliance upon cliche from time to time and some of the characters are utterly one dimensional and lack clear motivation for their behavior. it's s good story and I have no regrets in having read it
Read this book in three evenings. I couldn't put it down. Audience's character is fascinating. The mystery around the family spellbinding.  Marie is so hateful, I couldn't imagine what she would do next.  Left me frustrated,angry and so wishing she would get what she deserved. Very entertaining read.
This is a well written book. The author managed to take some of what to be real and build a story around it. The characters were all very real feeling. The main character always had you involved in her life with the twists n turns that left you not sure as to what is going to happen next. Well done!
I enjoy mysteries. It started off as something I would like to read. But it did not come close to my expectations. If I had it as a hard cover book I would have realized it was not what I would have liked by reading the back cover. As a piece of fiction it's not bad but only Adrienne is the fiction.
Any reader interested in the development of the western territories, the Church of the late 1800's, French aristocracy of that era, and those with an ability to sense things unseen will find this novel an enjoyable and interesting read.  Plot has many unexpected twists that keep the reader engaged.
This fiction draws on, and fleshes out, persons of fact and history.  The characters become very real, especially those driven by evil.  Adrienne's visions, unsought and generally unhelpful,  add an extra layer of experiencing her world.  I kept reading, outraged, waiting for justice.  A good read.
Fascinating story but lots of loose ends and a rather oddly manufactured ending.  Almost seemed like the author ran out of patience with the story.  Beginning of story quite good & then it started to be rushed.  Would like to see longer version maybe it would have better. I almost didn't finish it.
This book wasn't quite as mesmerizing as I thought it would be. I have always liked suspense and gothic style novels, but the heroine in this didn't quite live up to my expectations. Actually, she seemed rather wimpy.  I was left with the feeling she should have done more to rectify her situation.
The research for this book is though and, as far as I can tell, accurate.  The story is fascinating and moves along quickly.<br/>How ever the postscript seems disconnected from the brings the reader up to the present and This is Ms Hall's first book and I am looking forward to reading her second.
The part where he's molesting the girl and then later raping her... I could've been perfectly happy about just hearing about allegations and not details of what/how he did it. If it wasn't for that I would've rated it higher. Kids/teens should not read this because of it. I'm now sorry that I did.
This is a great book. It is so sad. Adrienne's whole life is so sad. Her evil aunt is worse than Cinderella's evil step mother. Still a fascinating story. I love all the true history of Manitou Springs and Miramont Castle in the story as well. Great read for history lovers and mystery lovers both.
If I wouldn't have been taken by the story early on I would have never finished. Had a hard time with choppy,repetitive descriptions.  some of the time the writing was quite good, but other places I just had to skim to endure. Would definitely try another from this author as their writing develops
The book is about a girl who has visions of things that will happen.  Her grandfather, until his death, is her best ally and looks out for her.  After his death things seem to go from bad to worse for the girl.  I was disappointed in the ending of the book, had hoped it would have a happy ending.
sEvery time you think something will improve for this poor girl, it gets worse.  Its a very nicely written story that reminded me a lot of Jane Eyre (not storyline, but tone, strong female protagonist that nothing seems to work out for, etc.)  I read it in 2 nights because I couldn't put it down.
I absolutely loved this book.  It is easy to read and goes quickly because once you start it you cannot put it down.  I was surprised at the ending but since it is based on a true story it made sense.  I hope this author writes again, I look forward to more from her, hopefully in the near future.
This was a good read.  I read through it quickly.  Like many I had hoped for a happier ending, but it was a well suited ending. My husband and I talked about this book throughout the day.  It was not quite the ghost story I had anticipated, but that was part of what I think captured my attention.
This is a well-written tragic tale with unexpected twists and turns throughout the story.  The primary characters are fully developed in this story to the point where you would be hard pressed not to get emotionally caught up in the book. This is one of the better ghost stories that I have read!
This book starts with a more positive spin on relationships and the heroine and ends tragically and in a disgusting manner. Gross and unnecessary... not written well in the overly heavy second half. No hope for the heroine, this seemed like two separate stories. I would NOT reccommend this book.
A predictable book but all the same a very good read and I thought it was nicely written.  If one feels like reading a book on a rainy day/night I believe this book would hit the spot.  But believe me the family secrets will pluck your nerves.  Sorry but I for one don't believe in spoilers!!! :)
First time reading Elizabeth Hall.<br/>The title is misleading,as a ghost never comes into play until the Epilogue..<br/>Was very disappointed in the ending..<br/>Seems like the author just gave up and killed everyone off.<br/>First part of book was a very good read.. I couldn't put it down.
This becomes a fascinating story. Some times it will cause you to hold your breath, next you will be smiling because has Adrianne won a small battle. You will reach a point where you can't put it down. I hope you will be as intrigued as I've been. The ending became a great surprise to me. Enjoy!
This was the Best book I've read recently.  There is lots of emotions going in several directions...at all times!  It's a real page turner and was very hard to put down.  The Ghost is the cake topper!  This book was very well written and Elizabeth Hall should be very proud.  Thank you Elizabeth!
I cannot reconcile the tyranny of tante Marie with French aristocracy. No matter how demure the child, the adult woman would not be controlled nor taken advantage of in the way Adrienne allowed herself to be. The story is too far fetched to ring true, although the priest's pedophilia rings true.
I have to say I was happy to hear it was based on a true story. The story itself was captivating until the end and I was truly disappointed by it. Perhaps I was expecting a Hollywood ending...I don't know. Again, 98% of the book is wonderful and keeps you wanting more. The ending left me empty.
While I usually do not read this genre, I chose it out of curiosity. The characters, while engaging, seemed stuck in their "roles" without any perceivable alterations throughout the book.<br/><br/>Having said that; I still found it to be an interesting book but would not choose to re-read it.
The story started so strong.  I loved it and couldn't put it down, but then it went downhill.  I am so disappointed with the ending.  There were too many loose ends.  I really wish I hadn't even read it.  It's left me feeling like I was robbed.  So much is missing and it just ended all wrong.
Disappointing ending. The story was well developed up to the middle and then in the last few chapters started going in too many directions. By the end I felt too many things were left hanging. Also, it was extremely depressing. I didn't feel any sense of satisfaction from reading this story.
I really did like the book, but the ending was horrible.  I felt let down and depressed by the end of the book. I understand it is "historical fiction" but please don't just end it like a high school student running out of time with SPOILER ALERT<br/><br/>Everybody dies at the end.
it was painful to keep reading the entire book with such whimpy sappy helpless females. a woman who wont take a stand for her own daughter! and another who is so stupid not to know she's being fooled? again and again and again by the same person? there was no depth to any of the characters.
I was surprised how the book started and was wondering how it would all connect.  An emotional ride with mystery, some supernatural, and human interaction to keep you involved.  Just enough actual fact to make you wonder.  There really is a Miramont house and some people say it is haunted.
Horrible dysfunctional family and we are to believe the victim is happy in afterlife .  I kept waiting for the purpose of the story, which is simply a young girl was destroyed  by her awful family.  If you like reading about the horrible things people do to children, you'll love this tale.
A little masterpiece. I can say that I will carry Adrienne and her story with me for ever. Beautifully written and truly Haunting. I couldn't bring myself to put it down one started, so I read it all through last night and dreamt about it during the little sleep I got. And it was worth it.
The beginning of the book is relatively dull and uninspiring. It portrays the life in a wealthy French estate but fails to provide the overall scheme for the story. The mystery begins in the second half with implausible events that appear out of character. The story ends without resolution
The story started off intriguing if a little more wordy than necessary to get the story told.  A little more than half way through the book, it started to fall apart,  Although the author is obviously a talented storyteller the overly descriptive wordiness began to make it harder to read.
This is not a genre I would ordinarily choose, and I was hesitant to buy Miramont's Ghost.  I soon became entranced by the characters, atmosphere and situations.  It's a work of art, an obviously carefully thought out tale of pain and intrigue.  I can guarantee it will hold your interest.
I really enjoyed this book. I wished the ended turned out differently,it didn't end the was I imagined it would...but its nice to read something you can't guess the ending to. I liked that the author gives you the facts at the end of the book. I would definitely read more by this author!
The beginning of the story is a little overly flowery in the descriptions of the scenery, but once the story begins to develop the writing drops most of the unnecessary description. The story is a wonderful combination of fiction and history. I can recommend this book without hesitation.
I gave up halfway through this book. I felt parts of it were overwrought, I tried to keep going but it was just not enjoyable, just glum and depressing.  Also it felt like it could have done with some serious editing. How much foreshadowing does one book need? It just dragged on forever.
I enjoyed it very much. Disappointed in the outcome as I like things to turn out happy.  I didn't read this book for weeks after I got it as I did<br/>not expect to enjoy it, but I was pleasantly surprised.  It was great!  I would recommend it to anyone that likes a story with a twist.
Horrifying story. poorly told with an ending bland and unbelievable. There were unbelievable circumstances throughout. The author had several well written passages which made me hope for improvement. I finally skimmed the last almost 100 pages, never finding a worthwhile thread to grab.
The stories of the main character throughout her life and about her struggles was the best part of this book. As a ghost story, it was mundane. How the main character progressed was fairly predictable in what happened and really didn't need the extra supernatural flavor to make it work.
This book was interesting until the end.  At that point I felt as though I were reading a Middle School composition.  The writer did not know how to develop a conclusion, and just stopped the story.  It took the reader to the edge of the cliff and then just stopped!  Very disappointing.
This story is written with the intensity of a great Jodi Picoult.  Though fictional it is based on facts drawn from the late 1800 that relate to Europe & the settling of New Mexico and southern Colorado.  Rich characters and a fascinating plot wouldn't let me put this book down.  Enjoy!
This book started out with potential, the main character held my interest and I was truly interested in seeing how the story concluded....and then it jumped the shark in such a big way, it was like a big middle finger to the reader. I was incredulous, than angry...what a waste of time.
I was riveted to this story!  I had great difficulty putting my Kindle to rest. And, I did not want the story to end. Part fact and part fiction... what gets better than that. Read (or yourself.  Discover the mysteries, the lies and the impact of controlling from one person to another.
I very much enjoyed reading this book! The author took great care in making the characters come to life. She described each of them in such detail, that I felt as if I knew them personally. Love, joy, fear, hatred, evil.....all these emotions made this a well told and fascinating read.
Great story, well written. Name of the book should have been a clue but didn't like the ending. Post script explains why the story was written so I understand. You're drawn into sympathy with the lead character, great story of childhood and special gift. It's not always a happy ending.
The book was well written and I think many may say they liked  it.  I found that it started out a sad story and became a depressing story.  That's not the kind of book I enjoy.  If you like watching sad and depressing stories on the lifetime channel then you may want to read this book.
This book is perfect for a movie,give me a lot of anxiety,have unexpectedly ended,after reading this book.I need supercharged my body,I don't like to read this kind of books, but I can't put it down.the only thing is when you finish reading this book,you will speak French,ha,ha, Thelma
As a reader of mostly mysteries and crime fiction, I was surprised how much I enjoyed this book. I am an avid reader and enjoyed the easy flow of the story. I thought it wrapped up far too quickly in the end and that is why I gave it 4 stars. If you enjoy reading, give this book a try.
I really liked the story but it was sad. I would like to read more of  Elizabeth Hall's books.<br/>Someone should tell Adrienne to go to the white light and be with her boyfriend but I suppose<br/>if she did leave a lot of people wouldn't go to the Castle in hopes of seeing a Ghost.
Well written story that wove fiction and non fiction together.  The first half of the book is the build up to the second half of the story.  If you are looking for a ghost story this might disappoint, but the building of the characters and their dirty secrets is really<br/>well done.  The plot is dark and sinister and I typically don't read books about rape, molestation and evil aunts, but the authors writing kept me reading and I was hoping for a different ending, but the ending made sense.
Honestly, read some other posts regarding this book.  I can't believe I finished it.  I kept waiting for more about the clairvoyance or the ghost...or at least some redeeming qualities.  In my opinion, there are no redeeming qualities! It just gets darker and darker.  So disappointed!
This was a stinker!  The storyline was "okay", apparently loosely based on facts.  Language was stilted and unimaginative. Plot development had no flow and was quite unsophisticated. If you are a fan of Harlequin Romances or a young teen, this book may hold some charm for you.
I enjoyed the time period and the plot, but I felt that the ending was rushed and a little more forced. The beginning started out so strong, and t kind if tapered off. It was cool that so much of the plot was based on historical facts. I am taking a star off just for the weaker ending
I did get all the way through the book, but it took me months.  It's just entirely too slow, and I couldn't like any of the characters other than the grandfather, and he's passive and ineffectual.<br/><br/>And it's just tragic, one dreary, dawdling, annoying calamity after another.
The book kept you guessing throughout the entire story. The ending was very interesting as well as, the whole story. I enjoy reading the facts that were listed after I finished the book. I have already recommended to a friend and will do to others if asked. I think it is a good book.
The author did a wonderful job of writing  a mesmerizing historical novel. I did become frustrated with the main character, wanting her to stand up for herself. I was quite surprised to learn in the afterword that some of the significant characters were actually based on real people!
This book is so depressing, there is nothing redeeming about it. I was waiting for the author to write an ending. To end with the transfer of a pedophile priest to another parish because she's combining a touch of history with a whole lot of fiction left me disgusted with the author.
Somewhat interesting until about three quarters of the way through. Then it became increasingly more stupid. Also, the writing was terrible. How many times can someone's "eyes lock" on something? Or a pregnant woman's stomach be described as a "mound"? I wish I hadn't wasted my time.
Author was very descriptive but story became so miserably depressing and ended terribly that I was very disappointed and regreted spending the time to read it. Not to mention (spoiler) the incestuous rape scene was a bit much for me. Sorry to the author but this was not a win for me.
The story of Adrianne was really well crafted. From being a young and enthusiastic child full of life to being hit by tragedy after tragedy forced to life a life full of sadness and torture took me through a range of emotion. The story is beautifully written, I didn't want it to end.
It was really good right up to the end - and then it wasn't.  The story was good but then it switched into "this is a possible true story".  Could have just left it a work of fiction and written a great ending.  I was disappointed actually a little mad at how the book ended.
I like the author, but this story didn't have much relief for the reader (or maybe that's just what I need).  It is an interesing story with good underlying stories and it's put together well.  From time to time, I just needed a little more "relief" from the heaviness of it.
I don't typically read period pieces but found this to be much easier to read than I originally anticipated. I appreciated the author's afterword, where he spells out the historical facts around which he based his story and was impressed that it was nothing like what I had expected.
Quite a good read but a tad disappointing, I kept waiting for the big reveal and I'd pretty much already guessed what it was..  I also wanted Adrienne to have some kind of revenge after all that had happened to her but that didn't happen either, all seemed so pointless in the end.
The partially historical novel started off fairly good but it eventually was a bit uneven and crashed at the end. The author should of used more fiction to entice the reader and go in more directions. The "visions" should have been a more dominant leg. Okay, but not great.
This was a very good read- one of those books that you just don't want to put down. There were some twists in the plot that even I was not expecting.  These Made the book even more interesting.  I like it when the expected doesn't happen.  For an enjoyable read, pick up this book.
If you are looking for a happy book do not read this one.It kept my attention,but is not what I normally read.<br/>The description of the area in Colorado was correct and made you want to visit.<br/>If looking for a book to be a quick read and not bore you try this one. For a first book by the author it was better then some who have written many.
This was a good read, kept my attention and was a believable story until the very last chapter. Too much was written about the thoughts and feelings of a ghost. Better to leave that unsaid and maybe suggest why she stays in the castle. I love historical fiction and this was great.
it has great historical development but the more you read the more it becomes somewhat predictable.<br/>I still enjoyed it but was expecting some thing more dramatic in the way of a finish.<br/>definitely entertaining from the aspect of providing a good French culture overtone.
The book was a good read.  Good character development and suspense, but some key areas might not have been resolved.  Perhaps, after reading the prologue, the author didn't have the answer and declined to speculate?  This should be a good for anyone who enjoys historical fiction.
The story begins with a decent premise. However, the characters suffer from lack of development and remain largely one-dimensional. I was seriously considering giving up at 48% but finished it. The finale of the book feels like an afterthought that was never fleshed out properly.
The storyline intrigued me as I am fond of old houses and secrets they might harbor. This book was satisfying in detailing intricate secrets and weaving a plot that was captivating to the point where you wanted to turn the next page. The ending however was somewhat disappointing.
This story captures so eloquently all the feelings of loneliness, isolation, and paranoia that being mentally ill carries.<br/>It also captures the horror and shame and trauma of rape.<br/>I was not prepared for this.<br/>It's a beautiful story of a girl who loses everything.
Not since Dorothy Dunnett's Lymond Series has an author woven historical and fictional characters together into a single, sweeping, seamless work, but Elizabeth Hull has achieved it with Miramont's Ghost.<br/><br/>Exciting, dramatic, sad, and so very human. Highly Recommended!
What everyone else said in all of the other reviews, both good or bad, spoiler alerts or not, rings true by me. I don't need to add anything additional for clarity. I declared five stars because I so much enjoyed the words which comprised the story. Especially for a first novel.
I quite enjoyed this historical fiction.  I felt so sorry for Adrienne, and really hoped for a happy ending.  The author did a nice job of weaving fact and fiction, and while I was accurate in figuring out some of the mystery, the concluding events were unexpected and well done.
I found the story quite riveting. The author truly made the characters come alive and the imagery through her words was as good as anything I have read or better. My usual genre is science fiction but this book has caused me to go in other directions and expand my reading list.
I started reading this book, stopped and then started again.  That's how difficult it was for me to get into the book.  Unfortunately, it never grabbed me.  I felt the story line weak and the pages filled with simply words to keep the book going.  Would not recommend this book.
Miramont Ghost was engrossing and interesting, but the story seemed to end too abruptly.  It certainly made it even more interesting because some of it was based on fact.  It was a very sad story because the poor heroine just couldn't catch a break no matter how hard she tried.
While the story was well written, the basis was hard to believe.  Being clairvoyant is not, in itself, a reason for shame or a cause for common gossip.  The lack of feelings between Marie and her sister was also somewhat suspect.  Altogether an entertaining read.  Maxmontgomery
While this book is well structured, I can not recommend it.  To be more precise, I recommend not reading it.<br/><br/>This story starts as a mystery, but shortly past the midpoint it devolves into a gross and sinister story.  You hope for some form of redemption in the end, but none is delivered.  It's simply depressing and not enjoyable.  You learn there is some basis of truth in the history of the story, but most of it is fiction.  And the fiction involves incestuous rape, kidnapping, and a complete lack of justice in the end.  That kind of "story" may be fine for a newspaper article telling you a truly horrid tale, or in the facts of a trial once a criminal is discovered, but for a book (especially fiction) it's awful.  There is no closure for the main character and, frankly, it simply doesn't work.<br/><br/>There is no "inspiration" or any lesson learned.  It's just the dark tale of a sickening situation with no positive attributes or lessons learned in the end.  It did start as an intriguing mystery, but from about the midpoint on (once the grandfather dies), it was ridiculous, disgusting (no reason to be graphic about an incestuous rape), and just stupidly depressing.  I also did not believe for a minute that the evil Aunt would be as influential as she was.  Someone, especially virtually any man in the Victorian age, would have stood up to a woman like her.  For that, it deserves less than even one star.<br/><br/>Unless you want to hate yourself for wasting the hours it takes to finish this unapologetic and hopeless diatribe, then skip it and find a real mystery to enjoy.  I wish that I had...
A nice plot but somewhat obvious with the characters behaving exactly as expected if humanity had only flaws to show. From reading the other reviews I had higher expectations, it's definitely not horror genre. I'm glad I used Prime lending library and didn't spend money on it.
This is a fairly dark story but quite a page turner. Few ghost stories lend themselves to a sequel but in many ways I'm longing for it with this tale because more could evolve in this story. I like the author's writing style and I'd be interested in reading other books by her.
Like the way actual facts are used to write the book and would definitely recommend this read to folks who appreciate a great read that will honestly address the issue of abuse by priests to children even though it is historically attempted to be hidden by the Catholic church.
I guess I wanted the heroine to win.
I was disappointed in the conclusion of the book.  I think the author wrote the book around a fable she had heard.  The story she wrote was fascinating until the conclusion and at that point I had a hard time buying into the reality of the story line --or the lack of reality.
Sorry - I found this book boring - boring - boring! I was hopeful but it just started to drag. Read and read hoping for things to pick up but it just never happened for me. I never finished reading it nor do I plan on finishing it. I cannot give this book more than two stars.
It was ok. I just didn't care for it that much.  The story did not really deal with a ghost until the end. I thought the book was depressing<br/>and didn't like that the main character did not do more about her circumstances.  Others around her should have done more for her.
The book was well written, engaging, and obviously well researched, until the last few chapters when the storyline began to drift. I re-read several pages, thinking I might have missed something. Without leaving a spoiler, I'll just say that I wish it had an alternate ending.
This ghost story began unlike any ghost story I had eve bear and I actually forgot that was what it was until close to the end. All of the pieces began to fall into place as Adrienne also realizes the plot. While not the ending I was hopping for, certainly a well written one.
I'm not entirely finished yet but the writing style is fresh and clean, without too much time spent on describing the scene so you're moving at a good pace through the story. I've enjoyed it quite a bit and would recommend it to my friends who like supernatural themed books.
The story was very depressing.  I would really not recommend it to anyone.  The only saving grace was the actual history recounted at the close of the book.  I really can't enjoy any story built on human beings' unanswered cruelty to those they consider less than themselves.
I thought this was so boring but stuck it out until about halfway through. Once I realized it wasn't going to get much better, I figured I'd cut my losses and I skipped to the last few chapters. So glad I did that rather than invest any more time into such a depressing book.
The book started good then suddenly seemed to jump ahead, seeming to leave details out. It felt like the author was suddenly in a rush to finish the book, and ended it rather abruptly. The book would have been better if it was a bit longer, more time to complete the story.
About two thirds of the way in this book just falls apart. I was stubborn and finished it and it was not worth the time. The writing quality ends up feeling like a cheap romance novel, but I think I would have preferred one to this as it wouldn't have been so depressing...
I love a good ghost story and loved the beginning of this book. The main character drew me right in, but when she was taken away for her gift and what happened to her after that, I had a hard time with. I just don't like that kind of stuff and have a hard time reading it.
This novel did hold my attention ... there were certain aspects of the book that I didn't like ... novice writing in a sense ... but who am I to say?  I think that it is worth reading.  But I certainly would not reread it ... and I do reread books that I thoroughly enjoy.
The first half of this book was all character building. This could have been condensed into maybe 2-3 chapters.  The most interesting part of this book was the final 3 chapters.  I did appreciate the bit of historical facts and the integration of the author's imagination.
The novel kept my interest up on every page. The only disappointment I had is on page240 when the rosary was being said and they said "holy Spirit" instead of "Holy Ghost" as the former wasn't used until the 1960s. This was a very different novel with a very unique ending
I got this book as part of the Kindle First program. I agree with a lot of the reviews that said it is dark and depressing, etc, but I loved it!  The book is very well written and kept me wanting "just one more chapter" all the way through.  I highly recommend it!
The characters and situations of the novel were interesting enough to follow at first but became less so as the novel continue. Many threads were dropped; character development fell short. The novel certainly feel short of th he editor's celebrations.  Worth a beach read.
I started reading this book thinking it would be a lighthearted fun book about a ghost. But it isn't. It's a heavy, desperate book, but one I couldn't put down once I started. I stayed up all night reading it.
THIS IS A FICTIONAL BOOK BASED ON SOME REAL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS THAT HAVE HAPPENED IN THE CASTLE. THE STORY TELLS ABOUT THE LIFE AND TIMES OF THE FAMILY BEFORE THE GHOST APPEARED AND HOW IT APPEARED. THIS IS THE AUTHOR'S FIRST BOOK AND HOPEFULLY THIS WON'T BE THE LAST.
I like the style of this author, but this book could have used a good editor.  I was disappointed by the ending until I read why the story was written and the facts upon which it was based.  I don't regret reading it, but I don't think I would recommend it to my friends.
The story starts sad; ends sad and didn't give much in the middle;  having said that it was extremely well written and the story gives a aura of hope.  Just because I don't like a book doesn't mean I wouldn't  recommend it.  If you like ghost stories this is a good one.
The author had a good historical foundation for the story but didn't bring it to life. Many interesting characters were left to go through their paces within constricting, preordered "facts." The writing itself is quite good but the plotting and storytelling fall short.
This was not the ghost story I was expecting but it is well worth reading. I won't spoil it by talking about the ending. The castle was actually featured on a segment of American Greed, and the detail in the book was very well done. This made it all the more believable.
This is the story of the daughter of a noble French family whose gift of clairvoyance is misconstrued as madness or mischief, which eventually destroys her life.<br/>Based on the story of a real haunted castle in Colorado, it is believable and well written, but tragic.
Well, that's sort of a lie. I had a feeling about how Adrienne becomes Miramont' s ghost, but the circumstances surrounding it really took me by surprise. It's a sad, disturbing tale and makes you want to strangle everyone that played a part in Adrienne' s destruction.
I did not expect this ending, and I was reading it, I was very disappointed. I wanted Adrienne's story to end  differently. The epilogue is nearly the most important part of the story, and tied everything together. I'd advise people to read the epilogue, then the book.
I enjoyed the characters from the beginning and really became interested in seeing Adrienne persevere. Then, disappointed about the lack of a ghost. I really wanted a ghost story. I liked that it kept me guessing and turning pages. It was a surprise, but a welcome one.
This was a great tale.  Good use of history incorporated into a story, which has some modern day connections.  Not the happiest of tales and felt a bit incomplete at the end with out much segue to a future story. Disconcerting more than spooky. Well written characters.
Such a delightful start & thrilling storyline to end so disappointingly!<br/>I wanted justice & love for Adrienne!  She deserved so much & got so little while the other characters got away with cruelty & treachery!  I will give her my own beautiful ending in my heart!
Beautifully written.  The reason it gets three stars is that after all of that beautiful build up, it felt as if the story really never accomplished anything. To me, it felt like it just dead ended, and I enjoyed the build up so much that it was sort of disappointing.
I was hooked on this story early on. If you enjoy a bit of the supernatural along with really bad characters and intrigue, this book, set in the mid to late 1800's is for you. A warning, though: some later scenes are a bit graphic and violent. Messy...as in real life.
Although this book kept my interest and the ending was a surprise, I thought that it was a somewhat ragged ending. It seemed that she left a few of the details at the end unanswered and was relieved to have penned her last words in a rush to be finished with the book.
The writing and research was good but the story was just too depressing and very disturbing for me. This book was just not my kind of book, just too many horrific and brutal acts comitted against innocents.  There is no redemption or justice, I would not recommend it.
The story was good but I should have known since Ghost was in the title that there might be a bad ending!  I kept thinking that the heroine would figure out a way to escape.  I like a little happier ending.  The writing was good, but the whole thing left me depressed.
The story was ok, and I did enjoy that it is based in reality. The main character's story arch irritated me toward the end, I wanted her to have more gumption, though I do understand why she was written that way after reading about the actual events behind the story.
It.s amazing how a story can be created from a few historical facts scattered here and there by a writer that was curious enough to do a little research.  This is about a family of lonely people who could not relate to each other and the tragedies these lives became.
I like historical books and thought I'd give this one a try. It will stick with me a long time. I even looked up the castle on line. I think I'd like to see it sometime.  Maybe take a trip there, it looks beautiful. The story really pulled me in and tore at my heart.
I really liked this book and the characters until it became obvious how the book would end.  I have no patience for mothers who are too weak or too uninterested to protect their children especially when it is as easy as saying "no" or "please leave".
This book reads well and the first half is very interesting, but the story is incredibly depressing.  It left me with a hopeless feeling and no satisfaction.  It's not a bad book, just a terrible story.  If you like feeling awful, you might enjoy it more than I did.
Elizabeth Hall writes well. However, this is a depressing story without redemption. The aunt and cousin are too hateful to be realistic. It is not a ghost story despite the book cover looking creepy. It is haunting and will bother the reader for its vile characters.
Why the author was determined to write about the tragic life of a ghost instead of writing a great romance based on the characters, I don't know. The story was quite engaging until she decided to kill off all of her characters. The ending was totally disappointing.
The characters are well drawn and you'll care about the main character.  The writing is good, but the story drags some after a while never making the leaps necessary to support the length.  I cared about the main character enough to wish the book ended another way.
Throughout the story I kept wondering "where is the ghost" in this story. It finally comes to pass at the end. The story line also points out what can happen in your life if you spend too much time worrying about what other people think about you and yours.
This story was so depressing I gave up half way through. My daughter did read the whole book, so I asked her to just give me the rest of the details. I'm glad I didn't finish. Nothing good comes from the story. Just one big, depressing tragedy from start to finish.
This is a well written story that kept me interested, but also made me feel depressed. I kept reading in the hopes that something positive would happen in the life of the main character. Instead, things go from bad to worse to horrible. This was a story of despair.
This was very well written and an interesting fiction story woven around some Manitau Springs historical information. Have you ever visited an old house or castle and read the history about it but always wondered what really happened?<br/>If walls could only talk!
This story has elements of mystery and intrigue. The main character has visions reveal family secrets that were meant to remain hidden. She is asked to not talk openly about them for her safety. She keeps quiet but continues to be troubled by visions of her future.
I liked the pace of the book, however, was very disappointed at the ending. I do see that the author was taking historical facts in order to weave them into an interesting tale so she had to come up with that ending. would have liked to see a stronger protagonist.
The writer is skilled, and the story interesting, but the overall tone is depressing, and I'm afraid the ending is not what you would hope for-at least it wasn't what I hoped for. I was expecting some kind of justice for the main character and that never happened.
It has an interesting premise, but is way too dark and depressing for my tastes. I understand many people do like dark and depressing, and if so, this is the book for you. It is a fairly well written imagining of the story behind the mysterious castle in Colorado.
Keeps your interest, is a page turner, and engages emotions. The story is slightly dark, slightly depressing, and one that kept coming back to my mind for several days after I finished it.  The 3 stars is because of the 'slightly depressing', I'm just warning you.
Engaging enough to read the whole story but disappointing overall.  That is not the fault of the author, who had done a nice job stitching bits of history into an interesting story.  It is just that you really want things to turn out better for the main character.
I guess the book was okay, but it was seriously depressing.  I kept waiting for something to turn out right and nothing every did.  Not my kind of book.  I had to start reading something else immediately after finishing it to get all the negativity out of my head.
From the start of the story of the family I expected a more explainable outcome.  Starting with the "grandparent"  Who let the nasty, overbearing  daughter do whatever she wanted.  The whole family seems to be extremely unlikely in the time frame presented
The worst book I've read in a long time. It reads like a poorly written romance novel, though there is almost no romance in it. I kept reading thinking that the author would hit her stride, I was wrong.
This book was so interesting that once I got close to finishing it, I picked it up the next morning and read it all the way to the end.  Many times throughout the book I wished for a different result. This book is intriguing and sometimes disturbing.  I loved it!
This story, although purported to have some truth to it, was grim.  I never could summon much in the way of sympathy for Adrienne.  She was never a believable character to me. My humble opinion on this one is don't bother. There are much better stories out there.
The story was well-told and kept the reader engaged. It was somewhat depressing, but...hey! It WAS a ghost story, and don't ghosts generally hang around because of some discontentment in life? It's not the author's fault my preferred genre is something different.
I was enjoying this book till it was coming to a close, therefore the 2 stars.  If it had stayed fictional, the ending would have been better. It didn't flow and was a forced ending in my opinion to then bring about the historical part.  Disappointing in the end.
I liked this book. it's an easy read and I looked forward to picking it up and reading it. Adrienne was my favorite character and I wanted to know what would happen to her next. I was also interested in the history of the castle and how much was fact and fiction.
I couldn't put it down!! Elizabeth Hal is a great writer who keeps the story turning!!!  I usually read mysteries and this book is in a category all it's own.  I look forward to more great reads from Elizabeth Hall!!!  Well done!!!  Bravo!!!!! Congratulations!!!!
This is a sad little story, but believable. Interesting character studies, good pacing. The author has a deft touch for dialogue and has obviously researched her subject matter. The description of the Paris Opera House made me feel as if I was there. Recommended.
The characters were well developed and once into the book it is hard to put down. Sometimes having a gift can be a burden as the main character found out. I was utterly heartbroken at the events as they unfolded in Adrienne's journey. I hope she found her peace.
Interesting in the beginning with the development of the young girls premonitions but it plodded along in the last half.  I was expecting the aunt to grow horns and a tail or start flying on a broom.  She was just too evil for the level of character development.
I really enjoyed this book.  It was an interesting story; I loved that the author used historical facts and places and then wove a story amongst them.  The writing was also excellent.  I would definitely recommend this book and would read another by this author.
This book was captivating; it's been awhile since I've had to postpone plans so that I could find out what happens in a story, but this plot warranted it.  I enjoyed the postscript that explains the "based on a true story" portions, as well.  Great book!
Hard to put down , but very tragic
Well written. Correct information about formation of America , railroad system and the life style.<br/>Author's imagination and the ghost story was very interesting.<br/>It was the kind of story you want to read to the end without cutting unnecessary repeats.
I've read or seen stories about the Miramont.  I liked the factual details around which the story was built.  It was not a happy story, but when have we come to believe that all fiction must have a happy ending.  I did want the main character to win in the end.
Terrible depressing. The young heroine who sees the future and past  why didn't she see what a terrible life she was going to have.  Don't bother unless you have no hope no life  . Really really didn't need to spend time reading this. Disappointed.  Do not buy.
I really enjoyed the book.  I traveled with her through her love of her grandfather and would be husband, and all the turmoil of being a seer.  In the end I was looking for revenge but the book ended with her as a ghost haunting the house.  Very disappointing.
I really enjoyed this book. It's well-written with interesting characters. However, the reader keeps hoping that the main character's life will take a turn for the better at some point, but that never happens. It became depressing and the ending seemed abrupt.
Gripping from start to finish! Terrifying and sad all at the same time. I wanted to jump into the pages of the book and help the poor girl. I wish it could have ended a little differently but I guess since it's a ghost story there has to be a tragedy in there.
I really tried to enjoy reading this book.  Continuously waiting for the next page to deliver this poor child from her torments. Disappointed that in the end deliverance was not to be had.  Finally relieved that she was able to just let it all go and move on.
Interesting twist on a place that actually exists.  Makes me want to go there to visit Miramont Castle.  The twists in the characters were good and I couldn't put it down.  I then did research on the place and the ghost story actually exists there.  Good Job!
At some points I found this story absolutely riveting.  Some plot lines were hinted at but either never resolved or were not explored.  I thought the end was rather abrupt and written with a different tone than the rest of the book, but over all I enjoyed it.
I found this story to be extremely depressing. I kept waiting for something, anything to go right for Adrianne, but it just went from bad to worse. I would not recommend this book unless you like a tale of twists and turns that spiral into total hopelessness.
I enjoyed reading this book - until the end. Quite frankly the ending was a huge let down to me. The novel had me intrigued all the way through and then was like somebody pulled the rug out from underneath me. I simply felt very disappointed with the ending.
I didn't see that coming.  A bit slow and placid beginning leads you in like all psychological thrillers do.  Being based in factual provable history is the icing on the story.  I very much enjoyed this book and look forward to reading more from this author.
Just LOVED This book 📚, so much so that I read it in a *day*!<br/>Kudos to the author, for a non-atypical ending and on the obvious effort of her background research. A gem that I'll be adding to my personal 'hardcopy' library, folks-well worth every dime!
This story was fast paced, it was hard to put down. I was hoping for a different ending but then the history of Miramont would not have a ghost. I was surprised that the base of the story was true. Hall interwove the history and the story very nicely.<br/>,
At times a very disturbing read, but well worth the time.  The toxic side of families as well as the ineffectual and self absorbed side was well developed.  I can't say I enjoyed the book but I was definitely moved by the story and would recommend it to all.
I enjoyed this book immensely. It caught my attention right away. I was caught off guard as to what I could expect to happen next. And I liked the way the author portrayed each of the characters to let me think I actually knew them. I say BRAVO. A MUST READ.
Not only is this a page turner,but Elizabeth Hall has a marvellous descriptive style.Even before reading the epilogue, I had a sense that there was a lot of historical truth underlying the novel. I would recommend this to people who enjoy historical fiction.
As I read the story, the author drew me in until I couldn't put it down. Frequently I don't really read the prologue or epilogue, but in this book I did. They are a part of the story. The afterward gave the basis for the story for a large part of the story.
It's a mistery novel, which keeps you page turning until the end. The good part is that some of it is taken from reality, and the story is woven around it, I liked the book and can only recommend it to someone, who likes a good dramatic story until the end!
Fast read but not an actual ghost story like I thought it would be. A little disappointing that it was mostly a historical based fiction book. However, the author's writing it's very well thought out and smooth...just not the story I was looking forward to.
This wasn't what I expected when I started it.  It's kind of a "behind the scenes", "making of" ghost story if you get my drift; but once I realized what it was I enjoyed it very much and became deeply, emotionally invested in poor Adrienne.
This historical fiction novel is real and sometimes not pretty. However, the characters and storyline parallel life, and for that reason the book is well done. Not a book for the faint of heart, but an interesting tale of how things might have come to pass.
This was a heart breaking story but one that I have heard about before.  Families should protect each other not hurt one another.  This was a book I could .not put down until the end.  Was hoping for a better ending but this is the way the real world works.
Wonderful, very flawed, characters. Interesting historical fiction about a girl who sees the future. Her governess and her grandfather are the only people who love her unconditionally.<br/><br/>Based in France and in Colorado in the late 1800s (I think:).
Started out wonderful, then descended into a dismal tale of misery. The heroine? inexplicably allows herself to be victimized in every way imaginable from the start to finish. A futile exercise in masochism that left me feeling uncomfortable and frustrated.
First the positive: well written, interesting story line.<br/>Now the negative: SO depressing! My mistake, thinking a rainy, chilly summer day was a good time to finish this book. I had to start a new book right away to try and erase the negative effects.
I don't want to discourage anyone from reading it, and I don't want to give anything away.  However, I did not enjoy this book on the whole because I found almost all of the characters kind of depressing. The story was well written and interesting, though.
What made this novel so interesting was being able to get the history on Miramont Castle and see how well it dovetailed into the story. I particularly enjoy reading novels that have some historical base and is well written. This qualified on both accounts.
This was a book with some very interesting and rather shocking twists.  I almost didn't get past the first few chapters, but I'm glad I persevered.  I would recommend this to those readers who enjoy reading books based on fact written with a creative hand.
I chose this book because of the title of GHOST but doesn't mention it until the end.  The story actually moves you along and keeps you interested in the history of the characters first.  I like reading how people lived long ago.  I really liked this book.
Not knowing the author or anything about the book, I was pleased.  The storyline grabbed me from the beginning, which is needed for me to read any book.  It had a few surprises which made it even more captivating.  Glad I took the chance and purchased it.
I really liked this book........couldn't put it down. Poor little Adrienne.  It just isn't fair.  Marie, as evil as her evil son.  Was she the way she was to promote and protect him, or herself?  You'll just have to read this book and decide for yourself.
I found the later part of the story interesting because I live in Colorado Springs and have been to the Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs.<br/>Good read.  I do wish there was a little more storyline of the castle and not so much of the days in France.
The book kept my attention throughout.  I was interested in knowing how everything turned out for the main character, a young girl growing up in a privileged home.  There was intrigue due to the family dynamics.  I would try another book by this author.
Characters were terrible and weak. I kept expecting the main character to finally fight back, do something, anything besides be a whinny submissive. She never did. I am glad I got this for free. I would have been mad if I would have paid for this ebook.
Great story based on true historical events.  I was unaware of the French presence in New Mexico territory and in Colorado in the late 19th and early 20th C.  This story prompts me to visit and look at these areas more clearly.  Good historical fiction.
I loved it. The story line kept me so interested because I love reading from that time period. Also, my family and I have visited manitou springs every year for the last 20 years. We have never toured the castle but next time we go, we definitely will.
I was very intrigued from the beginning.  The plot has many twists and turns and I didn't see the end coming. It was definitely a page turner and you kept hoping the heroine would come out on top.  Very well written and I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.
I enjoyed reading Miramont's Ghost.  The book kept me wondering how the outcome would be.  Each time I thought I figured it out a new twist to the story would pop up.  I would recommend this book to those who like an easy read that you cannot put down.
Having seen this castle out of Colorado Springs,  I was intrigued with the way the author wove her story.<br/>I thought she did an excellent job developing her characters.  Even though it tended to be a trifle maudlin<br/>I would highly recommend it.
WORST ENDING EVER! This book started out really well, I liked the characters & there was good development of them all.  The writing is very good & the story had potential to be great, however the ending completely ruined it. No justice for our heroine!
A well-written, sad tale of a young woman, a clairvoyant, who was born in France but dreamed of a life in a castle in America. Closely based on a true story from the late 1900's. A very well-imagined character study of the girl and her extended family.
I read mixed reviews on this book, but I figured why not give it a try. I am glad I did. I could hardly put it down. I have read other reviews stating the book was sad, but me, it is more how real life works. Not everything ends up with a happy ending.
I was looking mysterious ghost story, what I found was a weak, pseudo love story - dysfunctional family plot in a historic setting.  The characters are vague and predictable.  The story line feels forced and disjointed despite some interesting twists.
This is historical fiction.  It is based on the history of Miramonts Castle and the original family who lived there.  It is very well written and the story never lags.  The characters are very well developed. This is a great story for a rainy weekend.
I was truly surprised that this was Ms. Hall's first book. Well written and wonderfully interwoven with historical events that make Adrienne's story so believable, but sadly, tragic as well. I will be haunted by Miramont's Ghost for some time to come.
From the turning of the first page of this work of fiction, I could not stop reading. This story will captivate from the very beginning all the way to the shocking end. To turn a piece of actual history into into a gripping novel is just sheer genius.
I am not a professional reviewer, just a reader. I would not recommend this book to anyone. No cohesive storyline. The author pushed everything into the last 15% of the book, even adding stuff not even hinted at earlier. And the ending poorly written.
Beginning was engaging and intriguing but tone shifts towards end. The rest of the book was still written well but seemed a but was difficult to get through because it was not what was expected. An okay read but, for me, the ending was disappointing.
If you are looking for a story with justice or survival you won't find it here. Not everyone needs a fairytale but this was like a soap opera each tragedy worse than the last. It did unfold nicely leading the reader down to the depths of it's misery.
The first half of the book is well-written and suspenseful but I found the last half somewhat disappointing.  Perhaps the known facts about the castle and the French priest who built it are best left a mystery.  Truth is always stranger than fiction!
A good read. There were times in the book when I thought the plot would be like a fairy tale princess story was brewing but then an unexpected twist would occur and shake things up. I loved that the true story Miramount Castle is woven into the book.
The beginning wasn't boring, but a little bit slow, I wondered where the book was going.  About half way through it really picked up and I was captivated all the way to the end.  Very clever building this fictional story from some historical facts.
The book was well written however I kept waiting for something good to happen. If this were a true story it would be fine however even though the book is based on some facts it is a fictional book and as such it's a little too morbid for my liking.
This book is a real page turner. MS Hall's first book was very well written and covered a topic not so readily discussed especially in the late 1800's. The way the author wove facts with fiction made this story that much more believable. Well done!
Not the best I have ever read but definitely worth the purchase. The "ghost" title leads you to believe that you will be reading about a ghost the entire time which is not the case. This was a pleasant surprise. I would read more from this author.
Book starts off great with a lot of detail, but then kind of tapers off toward the end.  It spends a lot of time developing characters that have little or nothing to do with the story.  I was a little disappointed after how good this story starts.
Good book...<br/>I must admit that I got angry with several of the characters in the novel and would have liked to shake them for some of the things they did and did not do! It is not so much about a ghost but more about how there came to be one!
Had a hard putting it down. Didn't realize story had some true historical basis until I read the Afterward. Makes it that much more intriguing. Author is a great story-teller, developed characters that cause the reader to have strong reactions to.
Miramont's Ghost kept me intrigued throughout the entire story. Even when I could not read, I found myself thinking about Adrienne and what would amount. I really enjoyed reading this book and found the historical aspects very interesting as well.
This is a riveting historical novel set in France.  The author is very talented but I wish she had taken an antidepressant prior to finalizing the story line. I found the whole thing to be a bit of a 'downer', but read every last word!  Go figure.
The story and writing style kept me interested --so that I was anxious to get back to it.  I thought that sometimes it might have been a bit "wordy" and redundant. which is why I only gave it 4 stars.  Other than that I really enjoyed it.
Very well written, and told a great story. It had me second guessing how it would end, and it kept me engaged until the very end. If you think you know what will happen next, you don't. I look forward to reading more from Elizabeth in the future!
What a fantastic way to take a true story and make it more interesting. This book was so good I had to visit the castle after reading the book. The book was so well written it was easy to imagine the characters from the book living in the castle.
I enjoyed this book.  It held my attention, although some of the chapters contained graphic and disturbing events.  The supernatural events intertwined with the historical and factual basis for some of the characters made for an intriguing story.
This is an excellent read, with no vulgarity and very little sexual content, more by inference than actual wording. It is loosely based on true events in Colorado around the turn of the century. One of the best novels I have read in a long time.
It was a good story, but not the ghost story I had expected.  It was sort of depressing in that nothing good happened to the main character, or if it did, it was followed by tragedy.  I didn't find it to be very frightening in the ghostly sense.
I don't normally do reviews, but this was one book that held my interest all the way through.  It told a very interesting story and I would like to go<br/>and see the castle some day. A very good book and I would recommend it to anyone to read.
I haven't ever read a story quite like this one.  To get the full effect, DON'T read the AFTERWORD until the end of the story. Wow! I know that may sound stupid, but for those who do "cheat" to know the end of the story, it's cooler not knowing.
I wanted to like this book, but didn't. The main character's visions of the future, and repetitive text took much of the suspense out of the story. The only interesting part is that the book was based on historical events. Don't waste your time.
I was expecting more of a ghost story, but this is a gothic-historical tale. It is entertaining and engrossing, just not my cup of laudanum-laced tea. It was a little too slow for my taste, devoting too much space to descriptions than to action.
Read the first several chapters and stop. There's no redemption in this book. There are major unanswered questions, such as why would Adrienne, an adult, ever have agreed to go to America with Marie, whom she hated? Why did grandma kill herself?
I found the first third of the book interesting in a historical point of view.  After that it just got too long and slow.  I gave up, skipped to the last chapter and found out all I needed to know. A lot could have been cut out, in my opinion.
This was not yet your usual ghost story but one based on fact. Hard to explain without giving away the story,but captivating and worthy of reading. I felt the characters as I read. Don't skip the explanation at the end but don't read it first!
Starts miserable. Stays miserable. Ends miserable. I don't mean "miserably"; the writing is fine. But it's a miserable tale filled with miserable people who all experience nothing but misery. There is nothing enjoyable about this book.
The book is very well written and keep your interest.  However it is very depressing and not happy.  I enjoyed reading the book but at times, I had to put it down as it was depressing. I would recommend it for others to read (but be prepared).
This could have been a great book except for the very bad ending. It built up to what could have been a fabulous ending with good conquering all. Don't waste your time reading this book. If it was a paper book I would have shred it at the end!
I thought that the book dragged in places and almost put it down about half-way through.  However I decided to stick it out and am happy that I did.  I hope that Elizabeth Hall will write more books about the histories of other haunted houses.
This was a  book I had problems setting down.The epilogue and afterword was exceptionally good.The s h a ring of the history made the deeds of the Priest and his mom even more sinister.Thoughts of Rapunzel went through my head as I as reading.
I was shocked at the twist of events this story took towards the end and then to find out the existence of historical documentation that allowed the author to weave the tale into a work of fiction that is more believable than not was amazing.
This is the best book I have read in the last few years.I felt sorry for Adrienne as both a little girl and as a young woman. I cried when she committed suicide especially when had she had waited she would have been free.A great read for all.
I read this book very quickly. The really interesting  part was at the end of book when I found out there is documentation about  many of the things that happened in the story.  I would recommend Miramont's Ghost to any one who likes to read.
The ending ruined the book for me.  Reading the notes in the back, I can see why it had to end that way.  I might have enjoyed the book more if someone deserving had been the ghost.  It was pretty well written, so I'm giving it three stars.
The book was definitely hard to put down. However, it was sad. I didn't realize that the book was based on an actual location and the people who lived there. Of course it was a fictional account of a haunted house and how it became haunted.
This book is not my usual style.  I usually stay away from the ghost stories.  I do however complete reading all books I have undertaken.  Although somewhat interesting in the mystery aspect,  a little lame in the girl's pursuit of freedom.
I kept reading hoping the story would become happier, however it just became darker as the pages turned. I liked the book but wished in the end it would have actually profiled the main character again rather than her twisted family members.
Well written and well researched. I did not realize that the story was a fictional novel based on history until I reached the end of the book. It has some unexpected twists and does not reveal the ghost until near the very end of the book.
I really liked this book. The author took a story about a real castle and people and added her own twist to it that made it very interesting.now I want to visit the real castle this story is based on. I look forward to more by this author.
This book is beautifully written, perfectly paced, and difficult to put down. The world the author creates is rich, and you can tell Hall has done her research. I just wish she would write more and quickly! I can't get enough of her style.
Well written, but HUGELY depressing!  If you love Greek tragedies where the heroine NEVER finds happiness and the evil doers never get justice, you'll love this book!  The ending was a let down too.....kind of a non-ending that faded away.
By Kindle Customer<br/>While I'm not usually a fan of ghost stories, I  enjoyed this one because it was impossible to guess what was happening next. Ms. Hall is obviously gifted, and I hope she tries her hand at writing another book soon.
The story was very well written and kept me up late wanting to find out what would happen next. I found the historical facts the fiction was inspired by to be both very sad and very interesting. A great read for any historical fiction fan.
Love ghost,mystery, actual events ! I was looking for a book to grab my attention , then me keeping it.<br/>At times.  I became frustrate with the details of scene and locations,however the story worked itself out before I  lost interest.
I really like historical fiction books and this one was pretty good. I enjoyed the narrative, but found the couple of sex scenes to be a bit more graphic than I care for. Overall though I thought this was a good book and an enjoyable read.
This book held my attention and had a few twists and turns I wasn't expecting. The question about what will happen to the main character pushed me to read it non-stop. The ending left me with an unfinished feeling and wishing for a sequel.
Not my usual genre, however growing up in Colorado Springs, I am familiar with the area and was able to visualize the scenes outlined. The twist with the father was not too far fetched, but I think that it could have been developed better.
I really enjoy ghost stories and could not put this book down. It's not at all what I expected. The life of Adrienne draws you in and you have to keep reading to find out what happens. I will be looking for more if Elizabeth Hall's books .
Although a sad story it is well written and I love how much factual history was built upon for this sad ghost tale. Definitely a recommended read if you don't mind unhappy endings.
I haven't been addicted to reading a book like this in years. I simply couldn't put it down. The plot was never predictable and chilling based on its relevance to real live events.
The author has taken the reader on a roller coaster ride up and down in amazement.  I believe that this was a quick and easy read.  This was an awesome vacation read, or if you just need an escape from reality, take a dive into this book.
Okay read, but builds but never really gets "there". Ghost part of the story is totally insignificant. Confusing based on the prologue if the author was trying to stay true to history or write good fiction. I feel she failed both.
HUGE disappointment. Ending is total crap...don't waste your money. I don't even want to give this one star, but I guess the beginning is okay and hooks you in, but the second half completely fizzles out to an extremely disappointing end.
Good story even though ending could be inferred from prologue, which was probably author's goal. Still kept you reading to find out what happened.<br/>Makes me want to go see the locale in Manitou Springs, CO, which is an active museum.
I enjoyed this story. It was intriguing, with some mystery, unsettling characters, and some early American history all rolled into one. I recommend it for people who like a good historical novel with added suspense and a bit of darkness.
This was the first book I have read by Ms. Hall. Overall, it was well written and peaked my interest in the castle that it is based upon. I did find that it tended to wander a bit through some tangents but recovered nicely by the ending.
Very intriguing; lots of suspense.  I liked the fact that even though the author claims this is a "novel", the story is very closely based around true historical facts, which makes it even more interesting!  Great Read - Loved it!
Enjoyed this book. Can't say too much without spoiling it. Needless to say some of the characters really made my blood boil. The ending was shocking but not a surprise. Let's just say there's a special place in Hell for people like that.
Started strong and then got weaker and weaker. Would have stopped reading it; however, was curious what the end would be. Could not wait to finish so I could switch to something else. I would recommend the "The Dead Key" instead.
This book kept me interested by the way the author portrayed the characters and the plot.  She did not inform you of each character's personalities in one sitting.  She revealed their traits and thoughts in layers as the plot progressed.
The story is very nicely written and quickly engages the reader. I couldn't put it down. You find yourself wanting to give the young girl advice to keep quiet, knowing her visions will lead to no good. I was rooting for her till the end.
It was alright. The writing was really well done, I was continually glued to the book.<br/><br/>Spoiler: The ending was kind of a bummer because you want the heroine to be redeemed, but it's ok cause not everything has a happy ending.
Started well, stumbled in the middle, and ended dismally. I also couldn't tell how much of the story was literary license. Most of it, I guess, since it's fiction, but based on a real place, some documentation, and a purported haunting.
I found this to be a well written about the tragically confined life of anyone thought to be "different" . It is a sad tale of how a life can be robbed of the basic needs of love and acceptance by those who SHOULD insure they have it.
What a waste of a talented writer. Although I appreciate the effort to write a story around true facts, the main character was brain numbing insipid and helpless. Aftwr such buildup of story it was a very frustrating and weak ending.
While I was crazy about how it ended, the book kept me in suspense, which takes a lot for me, because usually I can figure out the ending.  This one surprised and well, disappointed me only because I didn't want it to end that way...
I really enjoyed this book. It Captured my attention from beginning to end and was a great story. It is dark so if you are looking for a happy ending or a feel good book look elsewhere. This however, does not take away from the book.
The book starts out great and the character development keeps the story moving.  I really enjoyed the the first three quarters of the book but the last quarter and the ending was so terribly disappointing I can't recommend this book.
Maybe it's a genre thing, and I should have known better.  I just found it depressing all the way through.  I think the reason I kept reading was because I kept hoping something positive would happen, and it just kept getting darker.
I was totally submerged in the story. So many turn of events and shocking exposures to the characters.<br/><br/>I must admit after so much grief I was expecting a different ending. I guess it just makes the story seem like life....
Not so sure about the historical accuracy of this one. But the story was intriguing,  if not severely depressing.  This poor girl couldn't catch a break. Great read if you need a reminder that your crazy family could always be worse.
It was interesting in the beginning.  Then in the middle is started to slow.  Then by the end, it was a disappointment.  I understand the author tried to pull in the historical part of the fiction at the end, but it wasn't enjoyable.
It was initially enticing and wanted to read more except when the main character put up with so much heartache I guess due to the period of time. God, I had anxiety reading this book and would not recommend it for the faint in heart.
Perhaps with a lot of editing this book wouldn't be quite so tedious.  The real disappointment for me was the last few chapters.  No punishment for the wicked and and a wishy washy tale of the ghost.  I expected more given the title.
it was stark and too real in regard to constant abuse and destruction of an individual for me,  It does, if anyone is interested, explain how marriages end up in controlling  relationships which result in destruction of individuals.
It started out good and really got my interest, characters well developed, but then fell short toward the end with characters becoming sort of stereotypical and ending oddly and abruptly.  Maybe it's just me, but I was disappointed.
Too many horrors happen to the heroine without her receiving any help from anyone. Her family lets her go and accepts the false news of her death too easily. Such cruelty and hate.  I would have liked to see some justice in the end.
It was really interesting. I was hooked by the visions and while it seemed a little slow in parts, it is worth reading and really grabs you near the end. I enjoyed it; the behavior of the characters and their secrets is fascinating.
I appreciate the pace at which the author travels through the lives of her characters, specifically, Adrienne. I don't have the patience to read books that get bogged down with too much detail.  She kept me reading and wanting more.
This book was not what I expected. It's confusing and unclear. The characters are not as developed as they could be. Was disappointed because the right ingredients were there.....murder,lost love,manipulating relatives, and a ghost.
I chose the rating because there are parts in the book I felt needed a little more explanations. It's a short book and I couldn't wait until I got to the end. It kept me entertained. I have always been interested in the paranormal.
The subject had great potential, but the continuity of the plot distracted me from the storyline. Going back and forth from Europe to the New World was exhausting! However, I would give this author a second visit on a future book.
I was very disappointed in the ending of this book.  I kept waiting for something to turn out right for the main character  and the aunt not to get her way all the time.  I was sorry I bought this book and took the time to read it.
I gave four stars for this book because I love the way she wove the story into true events.  I also liked that it isn't the typical fairytale ending.  I read it all in one sitting just to see what happens at the end.  Great read!
Writer saw a castle, did some research and filled in the blanks with fiction. It lacks an ending. Anything other than what it has. I loved it but felt cheated out of an ending. Surely she could have come full circle or something?
If you enjoy pain, tragedy and the complete loss of hope, then this is the book for you.  The authors descriptive ability was the only reason I kept reading.  I can't believe I stayed up late to finish this horrifically sad tale.
I really enjoyed this story.  It kept my attention and I could see everything happening.  I really disliked the ending.  I felt there should have been more.  I do recommend this book.  I know some people don't like happy endings.
This story fell flat. It started out as if I was on a journey, and then I found that journey was just cold, unfulfilling, and made me angry. Why couldn't something have actually happened after all of that reading. REALLY!?!?!?!?!
I downloaded this for free with Amazon's free Prime membership. I had zero expectations and was pleasantly surprised. The writing is great... the author does a fantastic job with character development. I recommend this good read.
Really enjoyed the writing and story, UNTIL the last 25% of the book.  Guess it wasn't really the author's fault.  It IS about a ghost . . .  I am going to look for other books by Elizabeth Hall.  Hopefully those will end better.
Highly recommend.  First time reading anything by this author. Fast-paced  and definitely keeps your interest!!!!😁😁😁<br/><br/>Highly recommend!! First time reading anything by this author. Definitely keeps your interest!!!!!
I really wanted to like this book and there were moments when I did. At one point I exclaimed out loud (unintentionally) "that B--ch". But at the end of the day, I wanted to say to the other "and your point is?".
The book is really neat, I love how the author includes, in the afterword, what has actually happened. It is well written with only a few timeline errors. It got a little slow in the middle but by the end I couldn't put it down.
I had issues putting this down. I even had my husband order pizza  for dinner because I lost track of time while reading. I love the amount of details given. The characters were great and the story had me hooked from chapter 1.
Historical fiction....This book is full of imagery, at times so much description one bogs down. The plot includes many unexpected twists and turns which makes it difficult to put down until it is finished. It is worth the read.
I enjoyed the story of Adrienne, but found the end to be unsatisfactory. It felt more like an overview of her life than the telling of current events so didn't draw me in to complete absorption. There is just something missing.
A slow start, but the story builds suspense in the second half. Some repetition in the prose, but overall good, clean writing with some occasional flights. Not much mystery built, but that's all right. Overall would recommend.
A little slow in the beginning but had some definite unexpected twists & turns. Especially the ending, you saw it coming but the you didn't.  Overall a good read for anyone into fiction with some non fiction history worked in.
This book has a potentially good plot but desperately needs an editor to cut through the banal descriptions and eliminate the many anachronisms.  With a little mentoring, this author could have written a "page-turner".
This was a horrible ending. I had to power through the first 10 chapters learning about these terrible characters. I stayed through the end to find out what would become of them. Nothing was answered, just a depressing ending.
95% of the story was intruiging and well written. The ending was very unsatisfying.  The title is mis-leading  as the mention of the ghost is in the last 5% of the book.  Read it only if you want to be disappointed at the end.
I gave this book four stars because I didn't like the ending. I was disappointed after such detail leading to the end. The story started out strong,but weakened. If someone wants to read for entertainment I would recommend it.
Easy to read, depth and detail were not always present.....not the ending I thought it would have. The mean spirit in the character Marie was a reminder of the manipulative, self-serving behavior that ruins families and lives.
No spoilers here, but know this is one of the most well written, non feel good books I've ever read. The characters have depth and the scenery is beautifully laid without feeling overdone. Beautiful, and suspenseful,  and sad.
it was a good book and I enjoyed reading it but it wasn't one that I couldn't put down.  The characters were realistic and you had to have sympathy for Adriana.  I was expecting more "ghostly" goings on. The ending was a bust.
Seldom have read a book that I found so little to redeem its creation. Do not bother with this book unless you enjoy reading about pedophiles, torture, blood, and no redemption for anyone! I can't imagine why it was published!
I was about halfway through when I had to stop reading for a few days, to scared to go forward, but I had to find out what happened. The first half is well thought out and an absolutely superb set up for the rest of the story.
Does not hold your attention.
Conclusion. A disappointment.
It was entertaining and had a unique storyline. It was an interesting mix of fact and fiction. Towards the end I was a little nervous the ending was just going to be sad and depressing, but that was not the case. Well done :)
I was greatly disappointed.  Ms Hall is an excellent storyteller and my interest was piqued during most of the book, I just thought the ending was weird and out of place.  There was a lot of build up to a let down at the end.
Dark tragic story if you like such kind of story you can go for it<br/>its just i dont like such story that is why i am giving it 4star other wise would have given 5star<br/>because story expression is good and with clarity
The story dragged a little but I kept reading to see how it ended. The ending was too quick and left me with some questions. The book took me 2 weeks to finish when I can usually read one in a few days. All and all okay book.
A particularly dark and not well written book. I didn't find it worthy of the time I spent reading it.<br/>If you are into dark fiction you might find this a bit more interesting. As a writer I tend to be more critical.
This was a very good book.  It kept me interested all the way through.  It wasn't a book that I couldn't put down but it was a book that I was happy to pick back up.  I also appreciated that it was based on a real story.
I have to admit Hall did craft a suspenseful story based on pieces of history, and it was well written. However, the endorsing was horrible. I am so disappointed I spent all this time reading it to have it end like this.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I usually do not read historical fiction but this one caught my attention and held it from the beginning. There are some holes that I wish the author had addressed but overall a good read.
Kept me engaged.Interesting story weaved around the questionable dealings of a Catholic priest,the building of a castle in Manitou Springs,Co which still remains,and the whispering of occupation in the castle of a ghost.
As with the main character I maintained some hope throughout the story. Hope that this sad little girl had some hope..wrong. I thought also the story needed to move a little faster. Everyone seemed to be stalled in time.
This was horrible!!!!!! The story started out to be very interesting HOWEVER it took a turn toward awful . I do not recommend it. Sorry I wasted my time reading this. The story line is disgusting and the ending shameful
It's well written, but WOW is the story line ever depressing. The antagonists get away with EVERYTHING and the moral of the story is....what? Forgive them? NO, I WANT F***ING JUSTICE. This story was infuriating to read.
It definitely kept me on the edge of my seat. I couldn't put it down. The description and detail invoked all sorts of emotions and the feeling of being with the protagonist and feeling her emotions made it a great read.
Very predictable and overly tragic.  There is no ghost story.  It's just a very sad story of a gifted young woman.  The writing is good.  But I was left feeling very unsatisified with the ending and the book in general.
It has been a long time since I have found a work of fiction that was written well enough to hold my interest.  Kudos to the author for writing such a uniquely interesting novel, void of the usual formulaic story lines.
This book starts as an interesting story and deteriorates into something that barely resembles the original plot.  I was hoping it was a "woman triumphs against the odds" kind of book, but it definitely was not.
I could not put this down! Very good read, story line is awesome. I would recommend this to anyone. Being treated as she was was unheard of in those days. The historical facts at the end of the book is very interesting.
I was so enraptured with this book - and I hated to see it end. What a wonderful trip it takes you on - you truly feel as you are in the book. Every character is so developed!  Every location fully described and alive!
But the last drop was disappointing. Mystery fantasies not really my genre and perhaps I am unfair. Clairvoyance I buy but wilting to a ghost story seems cheap. Not that it was not a riveting tale up to that last drop.
Way too long.  We get it that Marie is odious.  It was a surprise though who the ghost turned out to be.  Disappointing narrative as the history of Colorado Springs was interesting.  More of that would have been great.
This was an enjoyable quick read for the most part.  Some of the descriptions are very good, but I felt the ending was rushed.  The author didn't use the same skill demonstrated in the first three quarters of the book.
This was a pretty good book.  The research for historical points was well done.  It was actually a fairly sad story, realistic with many ups and downs and parts that were just despicable.  I did not see the end coming.
Clairvoyance, secrets and doomed love.  Oh, and of course, a ghost.  A niece tricked into horrible servitude by an evil, controlling aunt.  I enjoyed this book but would have liked to see more development of the ghost.
The storyline  of this book is great. The things that happen you do not expect. It keeps you intrigued from beginning to end. The lies the twist and turns, you want to keep reading  to find out is going to happen next.
I feel obligated to write a review of how disappointing this book was. Total waste of time. The main character was likeable for 3/4 of the book, then just fizzled. Disturbing and disgusting elements thrown in as well.
This book is the sad tale of a young girl and her life.  I particularly liked that the author shared a true story at the end of the book; some of the details that had been represented in this book.  Sad but enjoyable
Having taken a tour of Miramont castle the story came more alive for me. I was able to really picture and relate to the setting. Written very well, it held my attention and is one i will enjoy reading more than once.
I hated this book and every character in it other than Gerard. Not much more to say. If you want to read a creepy depressing gothic story, there are literally thousands of better books to read. Don't waste your time.
I was disappointed in this book, not with the characters, which were good, but with the plot resolution. I'm not one to always insist on a happy ending, but it felt like a huge buildup, with a weak and watery ending.
Started out well over the first few chapters, but progressed downhill thereafter. Storyline not developed along with shallow character development. The ending stops  short and is anticlimactic. Don't waste your time.
I felt like this story went nowhere.  I kept waiting for something to happen...and it always deflated down to nothingness.  Not a horrible read, but I was definitely left disappointed by pretty much every character.
It was a grim and disturbing tale. That being said, the author kept the story line moving.  The book is a  mixture of truth and fiction.  The Miramont Castle does exist and there was a sequence of mysterious events.
Well-written book.  The author does an excellent job of deceiving the reader so you do not guess what is coming.  Engaging read - I actually read this one late into the night and did not fall asleep - had to finish!
This book started out good but was so depressing. I kept waiting for things to turn around for the protagonist. The wrongdoers in this novel were awful, awful people and nothing ever happens to them even in the end.
This is a boring book though rooted in some interesting history; it's worth a few stars to give the author credit for a great idea. The story is workmanlike and has some nice, if over-familiar, twists. I would pass.
This girl in the story had such heartbreak right from the start<br/>I could not put it away, I needed to know what would happen next.<br/>I loved this book, I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good mystery.
This was a pleasant read, though quite predictable. I had hoped for more detail about the Pikes Peak area, but very few setting detail emerged beyond the house itself. Not an exciting read, but a very pleasant one.
Who watches from the windows of the castle in Manitou Springs, Colorado, moves papers and opens doors? How did she come to be here? Where did she come from? The story starts long before and far away, in France.....
Good story. Starts out a bit slow but then begins a rapid descent to conclusion. The mystery behind the full story takes the reader down several avenues. And although the ending was unfortunate. The build was good.
Good read..never found it to be sluggish. Kept my interest from the beginning to the last page. The book triggered my curiosity about miramont so I looked up the history of the town and home. Very colorful history.
I couldn't put this book down. I was disappointed when the story ended  I loved that part of the story took place in France and Colorado.  We are now planning a vacation to Colorado this summer to visit the castle.
For a first novel Elizabeth kept the story moving along.  I would recommend this story to someone to read.  I looked for another book by her not realising this was her first book.  I look forward to her next novel.
The characters were weak, the pace was slow and I didn't care what happened to main character at all.  I normally finish a book no matter how slow it may seem.  This was probably the 3rd book I didn't finish ever.
Not as bad as the negative reviews gave.  It was a little long, but it's a detailed book.....not for lazy readers.  It is a little dark and sad, but not disturbing or morbid.  We'll written and factually accurate.
this was a great mystery! Once I started, I didn;t want to put it down. I would have liked a happier ending, but then you can;t always have happy endings.I would recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries.
This started out okay but the main character had such a terrible life, I could not finish the story.  The writing was good.  I'm just a person that does not care to read sad stories at this stage of my existence.
Once you get through the first few flowery chapters,it's hard to put down.  But the ending was quite abrupt like E. Hall didn't know where or how to end her story as surprising as it was.  All in all a good read.
That is the first of many questions you may ask yourself while reading this book. It brings you through a lot of history in a short amount of pages. I really enjoyed this book, and would recommend it to friends.
Although this is an interesting story well written, with intrigue.  There are no characters that have any really wonderful and redeeming qualities. I was disappointed that nothing good really happened to anyone.
I really enjoyed reading this book but was disappointed in the ending . I think I wanted to know more about the family . But it kept me going from page to page waiting to find out what was going to happen next .
So, glad this a freebook, because, to pay for such tripe would be a travesty<br/>Began well, but ended terribly<br/>Interesting premise, such poor writing
Some lives are just unfortunate, through no fault of their own.  It was difficult to see the happiness of the child turn to confusion and bitterness.  Unfortunately, justice is not always done, even in fiction.
I loved this book! I hated putting it down! It was captivating and it flowed so naturally. Excellent reading. I will look for more books by this author as I am curious to know if all her writings are like this.
Having lived in Colorado springs,I found it interesting to discover yet another reason to visit Manitou. It is well known for supper natural activity. I will have to go back and check the castle out for myself.
A well spotted and developed biographical novel. Deep insight into human nature, from dark to light.<br/> Wonderful characters.Transcontinental intrigue.<br/>If you like a good heart-wrench, you'll like this.
Elizabeth Hall keeps this story moving all the way through the epilogue. In Adrienna's plight emotions run high. Based on true facts, this work of fiction is terrific. A must read for readers who love suspense.
When I started reading this book ' I couldn't put it down…I read it in one day and couldn't  get enough. It is superbly written and unpredictable! I lived it in every page and I highly recommend it to everyone.
This is a sad story that at times brought me to tears for Adreanne and rage at those who failed her in every way possible. Even as sad as it was, I kept reading in hope that she would be happy someday. She was.
Great premise but fails to deliver. Instead of wasting time on this one try Strident House by p.mattern / m.mattern, also based on a real haunted place but a truly engrossing (as opposed to just 'gross') story.
Each chapter brought unexpected twists. There was no way to predict what was to come next, or how the story would end. I was pleasantly surprised at how the story unwound and managed to continue to surprise me.
I couldn't put it down. I enjoyed every word and I thoroughly enjoyed the historical references. I am sad I have finished it! Can't go wrong with this one.
I was disappointed in how it ended - lots of build up and then very anticlimactic ending.  I don't expect happy endings but I was routing for the main character to get some sort of peace for all her suffering.
I enjoyed this book very much. I gave it four stars because there were some gaps in the story, but overall it was one that I couldn't put down, it's definitely a 'page turner', I would share this many friends.
It is so well written that it's hard to separate the fact from the fiction. I find it hard to make a proper comment without accidental spoilers. Miramont's Ghost will never leave me. This is now in my top ten.
This book is depressing and disturbing.  I thought this was a young adult book and would be light reading.  Some of the characters were depraved and disgusting.  It was well written but I won't recommend it.
the author lost me in the last third of the book. I do not normally read "ghost stories" but am an avid reader of historical fiction. Perhaps that is why I was disappointed in the author's influence.
This is a great story. It will fasinate you from beginning to end and if you check about  Miramont you will find fhat a great deal of the senariio is correct..  All in all it was a great read . FASINATING!!!!
I tried, but couldn't finish this horrible book.  It is a very dark, unrelenting story with no goodness.  I wanted to scream at the heroine for being so naïve and trusting.  This book has no redeeming value.
I very much enjoyed this novel.  The story was captivating and I had to read until I finished the book.  The story line and characters were so complicated, but everything was revealed at the end of the book.
I chose this rating because the book really never got off the ground.  The characters were never developed and the plot twists were mundane.  I kept waiting for the book tho get interesting and it never did.
The summary really led you to believe that this was going to be a fantastic scary book based on a true a story, but it was so hard to force myself to complete it. It was slow and drawn out. Very disappointed
I loved how the author made you feel like you were there. I enjoyed how she took a piece of history - a ghost story  and she wove a story that spans several generations and keeps you on the edge of your seat
I couldn't put it down, the story keeps moving at such a quick pace that I had to keep reading to see what happened next. The villains are truly evil and are more than ready to destroy every life they touch.
Tragic and mesmerising ghost story that had me at page one. Cursed with visions. Adrienne struggles in a family of privilege and terrible secrets. I see this is a first novel - I sure hope there's a second!
I enjoyed this book. I would have liked to see the main character get some happiness at the end. I really like how the author put some history in this novel. Looking forward to more books by Elizabeth Hall
I enjoyed reading this novel, it kept me going until the end.  I just wished that the ending was a little different.  I don't want to give the ending away, though....it was  surprisingly an enjoyable read.
It was interesting and I thought it would be a good ghost story, but it was a very disappointing ending. It left me feeling depressed and I told others not to bother to read it because of the way it ended.
Loved the book!  I even looked up the real Miramont's Castle to learn more about it's history and may even visit the area.  I really enjoyed how the book used real life details in the story!  It was great!
In the beginning, I thought the story had great potential. However, as I continued to read I felt that there were too many unfortunate incidents happening to the lead female character who became the ghost.
This book was very intense; sad. To know that people could be so cruel as to rob another of their life. It is one of those books that you are sorry to have it end, but can't wait to know what happens next.
I was a little surprised when I read this book not what I expected from a book with. Ghost in the title. But I was a nice historical type book with some true real life horror in it. ALL IN ALL A GOOD READ!
Depressing story.  I read this great review that said "I just couldn't put it down," so was really looking forward to a good read.  Nothing worked out for anyone in the book.  They were all losers.
I love this book from beginning to end. The twists and turns were great! Than to find out it was based on real facts made it even better. I could read it over and over. Thanks Elizabeth for the great ride!
The book started off intriguing.  It actually kept my attention throughout. The author should have rethought the ending to keep the exciting main objective.  I didn't care for the ending.  Huge disappoint.
Amazing tale. Could easily have happened  yesterday rather then one h indeed years ago . Strong character development  ,neither story or characters will be easily forgotten by the reader for quite awhile !
Pam  Scott<br/><br/>This was a monthly free book through Prime that far exceeded my expectations. Well-defined and flawed characters kept me reading to the very end. To say more would give too much away.
if you are looking for a fast read with an engaging storyline, this book will do nicely. It's not great literature, but the story rolled along at a nice pace and the author does a nice job of storytelling.
The book was very fun to read and carefully constructed. I felt that the books pace and detail changed a little at the end but the quality was still very good.  It keeps you guessing the entire way!  Enjoy
The book had a good story line, but left you wondering. What about her father, did he indeed have two families?  What happened to her mother back in France.  These were important at first and then ignored.
As a story of the very old west,the ghost took some time to appear. Was interested in the clairvoyant storyline,actually wanted more of that. This did not have a happily ever after ending but explainable.
The book was filled with descriptive scenes - too many, I thought.  The plot was so slow I found myself putting it down about two thirds of the way through it.  It was not the ghost story I was expecting.
This book reminded me a lot of the many VC Andrews novels I read as a girl.  Large spooky house, rich family, girl protagonist threatened by incest... Depressing ending, probably no sequels with this one!
An absolutely gripping read, I could not put this book down.  I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to get completely lost in an intriguing story.  Can't wait for Elizabeth Hall's next effort.
Loved this and recommended it to my book club. I got it for free through my Prime membership but would have been happy if I'd had to pay for it. So much better than some books I've read with my book club!
The book was well written and kept my interest.  I wasn't happy with the ending, although it made sense.  I wanted for Adrienne to have some happiness in the end, but, alas, it wasn't for her to have it.
This book started out really good. As the story unfolded, it got more and more depressing until finally I was glad I was done with it.  Wow, talk about an horrific ending! Didn't care for this book much.
It will keep you going till the very end!  Elizabeth Hall spins a tale of deceit , thievery so well you can't  guess what will happen next<br/>.. You will root for the girl,read on to find out the rest!
Thought I had this one figured out, but there were surprises that made it difficult to put down.  Also really enjoyed reading author's info at the end to explain where the idea from the story originated.
This book was a real page turner and hard for me to put down. I enjoyed the fact that it ha  historical facts mixed in with fiction. I would recommend this book to everyone that enjoys stories like this.
This book starts out with promise as a nice story about an odd family.  The young Adrienne is so pleasant and open, the reader can hope for a happy ending for her.  The good guys don't always win though.
Almost stopped reading halfway through because I really disliked the f family dynamic s.. but I hung in there... glad I did.. though still don't like the family dynamic.. the story is a good creepy one..
This story is so exhilarating and sad and adventurous. From the moment I started reading my heart went out to Adrienne. The little girl who lived her life In such loneliness and wronged by her own family
Surprise ending, well thought out, good semi historical fiction.<br/>The names were confusing between two characters, very similar.<br/><br/>It was the free special, worth that and a few dollars more.
This book was well written.  It kept my interest until the very end.  I don't always read the extra information at the end of the book, but it gave me extra information about the story.  Very good book.
Enjoyed reading this book. Felt badly for the young girl who suffered with visions. She went from a somewhat happy childhood to an even unhappier life living with an aunt, who tried to keep her hidden.
I like plot, Voila! I like intricate characterzation. Oh, boy, you get it in spades! I like books that put all the puzzle pieces together at the end. Hall does that, too. So, what else has she written?
Really liked the book and is partially true. At the end it disturbed me that so much  bad happened to one innocent girl.<br/>I would recommend this book. Amazing this was Elizabeth Hall's first novel.
I don't usually read ghost stories so to speak but this one really caught me and I enjoyed it from beginning almost to the end. I was disappointed that there really was a ghost if you can believe that!
did anyone edit this book?! It was often repetitive with descriptive emphasis on details and lacking in information and description in the larger story elements. Felt like I was reading someone's draft
The book started out full of promise, but gradually got more and more depressing. No one is happy as the story moves along. It's difficult to believe that a smart, spunky girl would tolerate such evil.
I really enjoyed this book at the beginning. I thought it would be very interesting. It was until it took a dark turn and it was not what I expected. So instead of being exiting it was uneasy and sad..
This reminds me of a traditional gothic novel. Woven from true events with a healthy dose of fiction and what if?  A lovely afternoon of reading. Spoiler alert: horrific in places and tremendously sad.
The writer keeps the reader in the middle of the story with skillful prose, while the plot seems to move slowly. There are several unanticipated twists. Great historical novel based on a true history.
Incredible number of twists and turns, keeping the reader in the dark about what was to happen next. Fascinating historical novel.  The big surprise was how the author determined the twists and turns.
This book has a mesmerizing story based on true events.  It is the story of a young woman and her short life. A story of adults who will do anything to protect themselves despite the pain of a child.
There is some mystery involved here and gthe ending is a bit of a surprise, but I was a little disappointed in the recommendations that I had read about the book.  Did not live up to my expectations.
characters lacked common sense.  some of the problems and issues could have been resolved with personal integrity, stamina and logic.  i do not like to entirely suspend belief  while reading a novel.
Fictional story written around factual historical events.  Couldn't put it down. Has all the details for a thriller mystery paired with psychic ability.  Like the true history of the Colorado castle.
Best e-book I have purchased so far! I will be looking for more form Ms. Hall.<br/>Weaves a great story with interesting characters & plot twists around real events. I was sorry to see this one end!
Although you don't realize that is what it is. A good story about an unfortunate girl and the trials of her sad life .  The end was unexpected until I remembered the title.  A good read, nonetheless.
I really was enjoying the story until there was rape involved. I wasn't sure if I wanted to finish. There is an area where there is a rape and  hold molesting. I wish it would have ended differently.
This was not what I was expecting. And it was freaky. And sad. And horrible. If you like interesting, not always happy but definitely not depressing books, leave this one on the shelf. Just trust me.
Elizabeth Hall's novel is tragic but engaging. We are drawn into the story and feel for Adrienne. I thought this was a real page turner and couldn't wait to pick it up again every time I put it down.
Took me awhile to get into this book, started out kind of slow and jumped ahead in time several times which I found kind of hard to follow. But once it settled on one time period it was over all good
I loved the overall plot of Miramont's Ghost, just feel as though it could have been written better. A lot of phrases were used repetitively throughout the storyline. Otherwise it was a decent read
Adrienne has her whole life ahead of her but Aunt Marie has a different plan.  Follow Marie,Cousin Julienne and Adrienne through life as the family tragedy unfolds.  Very well written and very sad.
Very interesting story which captured me right from the beginning. The writing style is smooth and captivating.  Highly recommended to all who love a good book. Will look forward to her next novel.
While this is taken from a true story and is well written I found it to be far more melancholy than I usually like. It leaves me sad, and even takes some of the brightness from its setting for me.
Manitou Springs is rich with history and never short on characters. Thank you for bringing that history to life.<br/>Not to sure about the ghost stories, but it does make for an interesting read.
This story is compelling as fiction, but when you learn, reading the epilogue, that so much of it is true, it's a shock.  It's disturbing to think that that this sort of thing really could happen.
As a story with history mixed with fiction I  would have liked a more satisfying ending.  Even telling family left behind making up story with a more satisfying ending. The story telling was good.
This was a surprising book, I enjoyed the way the author spelled out the story, the way the characters were defined and just overall enjoyed the book.  I will be looking for more by Elizabeth Hall
This was an interesting book.  I enjoyed the story, but was a little disappointed in the end.  The main character suffered so much it would have been more cathartic had the book ended differently.
This book has some of everything, including some French Downton Abbey. Not a lot of excitement, not much supernatural activity, but pleasantly written. I think this new author has a bright future.
I really enjoyed this book and came to care for Adrienne. I was disappointed that she never found her "happy ending" and I really wanted Marie to pay for her actions. For me, it was a page turner.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. The ties between France and the States are so interesting. Anyone that enjoys learning about our past in a fact based fiction format will want to read this.
There was no satisfaction to be had from this book. There is no justice for the heroine and the book ends abruptly with questions unanswered. It's all most all dark with no light to give you hope!
Overall pretty good book.....did not care for the ending...hence the 3 star.  Characters were believable but no surprises.....just predictable. Interesting how the book was based on some fact.....
This was a good first novel, by the author. She did a wonderful job of developing the characters in the book.  This isn't the thriller, horror story I was expecting, but definitely worth the read.
I really enjoyed reading this book. The story was good and kept me interested throughout.  I certainly didn't expect the story to end the way it did and that's another reason I enjoyed it so much.
I found the story interesting both in the plot and from an historical perspective. Some readers might find this book disturbing due to its pedophilia, rape, violence and twisted, sick characters.
Somewhat intriguing, but far too many story elements left hanging or ended with sudden disappearance and death. Glad it was a free book. I would have been disappointed if I had paid money for it.
Great start and story line. I was just a bit disappointed with the ending. It felt rushed. I would have liked to hear more about Adrienne's life in the home over the years afterwards.  Otherwise, I liked it.
Based on some factual history this is a story of a French family in the 18th century without the typical romantic line.  It was interesting, but the emptiness and sadness to the end was a downer.
The story line was very interesting, I found myself hoping the main character would get away from the " bad guys" and have a good life. Wanted to cry with her ,live back in the 1800's. Good read.
Totally enchanting! The author weaves you into the storyline with descriptions so clear they appear in your mind. The following twists and turns are unexpected, and unforgettable. Excellent read!
Interesting theme of too many family skeletons in the closet.  I was mad at everyone around Adrienne, especially her weakling of a mother.  If you appreciate dark themes you should like this one.
Loved it.  The story was awesome drew me in and did not let go.  It was slow moving in some parts and I have so many unanswered questions!!  It was well written and the characters well developed.
This book held me spell bound. Twists and turns, ups and downs, it has it all. I am going to recommend this to our book club. I feel it will cause many interesting conversations and speculations.
I downloaded it because it was free and received a wonderful surprise.  Well-written, plot twists, and beautifully descriptive.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  In fact, I will probably read it again.
It had me until one major event just turned me off totally.  And I deleted it from my Kindle.  Kind of ugly story, no white knights here.  Might be someone cuppa tea, if they like the dark side.
The book was generally good though dark.  But I thought the author got a bit bogged down with the ending. The aunt and cousin were very complex characters but the main character was not so much.
I like the historic setting for Miramonts Ghost.  I especially like the historic background information at the end of the novel.  I wish I had read the book before visiting the area last summer.
A twist of fate, and a peek into the future with glimpses of the present. Miramont's Ghost is an interesting Historical Fiction. You don't realize the full tale until nearly the end of the book.
kept expecting this girls to learn as she grew older. for her visions to aid her in some way. she seemed to ignore what was right in front of her and  do nothing. lackluster ending left me flat.
This book was rivitting. Once I started reading it I couldn't put it down.  When I stopped reading, I couldn't stop thinking about it.  I loved the truth and history woven together with fiction.
This book was a real grabber for me. I have lived in this area all of my life. Ms. Hall blended fact and fiction masterfully. I recommend this book to anyone interested in reading a great story.
This is a well-written book. It reads like a historical fiction. I read it in one sitting. Finding out at the end that it is a fictional story based on factual accounts made it that much better.
So disappointing. The storyline starts off okay and has promise, but just seems to get worse with every turn of the page. The ending is just absurd. So glad I didn't actually pay for this book.
Story of a young girl who is constantly abused due to her supernatural powers a hundred years ago.  Sad how people did not understand or accept the gifts people are given.  Good writing.<br/>.
Great read. Couldn't put it down until the end! The kind of story that you can completely lose yourself in not just due to the story itself but also the way it was written. Highly recommend it.
The book was well written and kept my interest, but I found the story very depressing.  There is no "happy ending" here.  I found it interesting that the story was based on real people.
The book was entertaining and I had trouble putting it down.<br/>Historical novels are my favorite books and this book is by far my most favorite now!<br/>Will look for more from this author.
This book would make a great movie--better yet a TV mini-series. It has it all. Great characters, the touch of a ghost, twisted plot, and an interesting resolution. It is a wonderful diversion.
Gave up on this book at 65%.  Started out OK but quickly became depressing.  Read some reviews and decided I didn't want to waste any more time reading a book that kept getting more depressing.
Although this book is well written and difficult to put down, the ending was too depressing for my taste. The heroine of the story lives and dies in misery. I prefer a good trumps evil ending.
not at all what i expected- It was a great read and i had a hard time putting it down.  I kept thinking something good must happen soon, so dark and depressing, but I felt compelled to finish.
Not the very best book I have ever read, but a quick interesting read.  Felt very sorry for the main character, but taking into consideration the era of the book I can see why things happened.
Tantalizing! I like anything with the paranormal, once I started reading I could not put this book down. I enjoyed that the storyline was based on real live events along with fictional events.
A pretty good read based on real events.  Takes you from France to early 20th century Colorado.  Somewhat suspenseful, but I kept asking myself why the main character "didn't see that coming".
I lost more sleep with this book, because I just could not put it down .  I just kept reading.  It is a well written book.  I will definitely be on the lookout for more books from this author.
It was an example of how people react to somebody who is different from what they perceive to be normal. Also is an excellent example of how our not letting go of injustices holds us prisoner.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The characters are well-executed and the scenes easily imagined due to the descriptive writing. Recommended!
This beautifully written story really got to me.  It provides a sophisticated rendition of the classic ghost theme that ghosts are the souls of people who die but cannot let go of their life.
Well written, good character development. You learn a tid bit and have more questions, learn a bit more... I did not expect the ending - a pleasant surprise as stories can become predictable.
In an effort to add additional authors I might like I took advantage of Prime books offering of Miramont's Ghost.  A good read that kept me angry at the antagonists and waiting for their end!
Knowing it was based on some actual historical events and mysterious events made the author's fictional story very compelling, even though it was rather dark and depressing! Interesting read.
I enjoyed this book until about 3/4 through...then it started getting really wierd and sad and a depressing ending. It was written well but I just would have preferred a little better ending.
Excellent fictional story taken from real events. Easy read once story unfolds with twisting finale. After reading the story, one would definitely be enticed to visit the historical locations
Such a tragic story. So many lives messed up by one lie after another, and the need to keep up appearances. It's hard to wrap your head around the evil acts inflicted on these innocent lives.
To be fair I read this book because it was free. It was not the type of stories I normally read. I did like it enough to finish. It moved through the story very good. I even liked reading it.
My wife read this book before I did. She was so enthralled with it that she told me that I just had to read it. I did and found a perfect gem.<br/><br/>She bought the book because we visited Manitou, CO last year, but did not visit Miramont Castle due to time constraints. After reading this book, we plan a trip to CO once again.<br/><br/>Review: the book is smoothly written , drawing the reader into the story with each chapter of a young French girl of the late 19 th. Century. It is the story of a family happy on the surface, but with hidden sorrows. Every character fills the page, every scene is perfectly drawn. The climax, the revelation of secrets, is not surprising, but it is logical and satisfying, if for no other reason than it could certainly be true.<br/><br/>A must read for anyone who enjoys a historical mystery/ romance tale with an eerie overtone.<br/><br/>Warning  for sensitive readers: the book has a strong scene which might offend. To say more is to give a spoiler. But it is absolutely integral to the purpose of the book.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
Entertaining, but a bit depressing.  I would read other books by this author.  I live very near Miramont Castle, only about 10 mins. away, so I grabbed this book, and I was not disappointed.
Not the ending I thought was coming, so I enjoyed this book a lot, lately everything seems to be heading in the same direction, but this book mixed it up from the others I have been reading.
This book was very intriguing. I couldn't put it down. I like that a lot of it was based on true history and made me think of how it really was back then. Someday I want to visit the castle.
I was waiting for the ghost story and it was in the epilog.  The most interesting part of the book was the end where you find out that it's based on real events.  I was kind of disappointed.
This was a captivating and tragic story that absorbed my attention for several days. My heart aches for Adrienne, and while I am not happy about the ending it was very fitting for the story.
Very compelling storyline initially, but the end seemed rushed and honestly unfulfilling.  I felt that the story wasn't true to itself....it had so much potential to have an intricate twist.
The writing was OK, but the story was depressing. And the ending just fell flat! Can't say I would recommend this particular book. Will have to try another by this author before I "give up."
I was SO engrossed with this novel at the beginning; the character  details and descriptions were wonderful! I must say though, that the last third of the book left SO MUCH to be desired! I flew through the book, expecting an excellent conclusion but I was drastically let-down. It seemed as if the author would not commit to the fact that the book was historical FICTION; there was an amazingly intriguing back-story possible for this work that would have made this novel absolutely perfect!!! I must think that the person on her team who was hired to ask the "what about this" or "why did this happen" questions was not present. It is such a disappointment when a novice such as myself (I'm an Scientist/engineer) could envision a much more satisfying end than what is provided by a pro.
Unrelenting depressing story with a completely unsatisfactory ending.  Complete waste of time! Wished I would have looked at reviews before investing time and money on this ridiculous book.
This is so well written. A great psychological study. You want so much for it all to end well. It as great that it is based on some historical facts. Truly a fascinating and enjoyable read.
I was very disappointed in the story. It's so full of tragedy. Good absolutely never wins. The story does keep you involved, you keep expecting something good will happen but it never does.
It started out okay, but about a third of the way through I caught myself skimming out of boredom.  Some people might like it, but it just wasn't for me.  And the ending was a total downer.
Although based on history, I found this book to be very sad and very depressing. It just never gets better. Writing is OK but too melodramatic for me. Can't say I would recommend this book.
A story which starts in a very promising way based on a true castle in the US.The first half is unputdownable but unfortunately the plot just loses direction in the second half of the book.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The detail, the character development, and the storyline were intriguing. It was one of those books that kept me interested in what was going to happen next.
A true work of art. You always wonder of the history behind a haunting, this one sad story. You're always hoping for light where there is only darkness until it just fades away. Great read.
This book kept my attention the whole time. Just couldn't wait to see how much Adrienne could really see in her visions. How her world would change. With hope that it would end differently.
A story of a messed up family, very sad, very spooky.<br/>Sometimes you hear a story, and you are not sure you wanted to hear it, this story comes close to that without crossing that line.
The ending was super disappointing!  What a letdown.  It could have been very exciting and tense but alas it turned into a boring history lesson with a weird advertisement for forgiveness.
This book is well written and kept me interested throughout. I like the start that intimated the ending and the solution. Although would have liked them to find the hidden room in the end.
I not too long ago started to get deeper into the world of literature. But after reading through a good portion of this book I can say that this is a very intriguing mystery suspense book.
I finished this book over a weekend. I didn't want to put it down, the main character Adrienne felt very real to me, even with her supernatural powers. Very well written, highly enjoyable.
This book is very dark and sad, i kept waiting for something to turn around, i dont always need the happy ending in every book  i read but this was a little darker than i would have wanted
I didn't feel like the story had any real closure.  Things happened that brought up questions that wet never answered.  The story didn't truly seen to have a story, as word as that sounds.
I could not get into this book. The characters are plain and one dimensional<br/><br/>Book was received for free as part of Amazon's kindle first program. Very happy I didn't pay for it.
To discover that this work of fiction has a basis in fact makes the story even more appealing.  Elizabeth Hall's explanation for unexplainable historical events is unique and entertaining.
I wish someone had warned me of the triggers in this book.  So, I'll warn you:  there's incest, rape, pedophilia and abuse by a clergyman.  I will promptly be deleting this from my Kindle.
I loved this book until the ending. It really held my interest. I thought the end was very weak and I was really disappointed by it. I would definitely look for other books by this author.
Really well written and very sad. I found myself wanting  the character(Adrianne) to get out of life she had. Not the way she did but away from the castle. I would recommend to my friends.
A well researched novel, although the ending seemed rushed. The characters were good or bad,and while you hoped for good to prevail, you may have also wished for more developed characters.
A very long short story.
Terrible and depressing.
This is the best book I have read in a long time. The twists and turns were never ending and kept me reading more and more. I could hardly wait to read the next chapter. Read this book!!!
Writing is jerky and disconnected.  It only begins to flow about 2/3 the way in.  This could have been such an interesting tale, but the disconnected, staccato writing takes away from it.
Fair reading. Story line alright at 1st then got tired of nothing but main character feeling sorry for herself. Depressing book don't really recommend if looking for an entertaining read.
I read this most interesting book - a bit of a page-turner, because I do believe in ghosts.  However, when I reached the ending, I found that it was based on a true story...  Fascinating!
This book was well written.  It is a gripping story of one beautiful girl's tragic life.<br/>It hard to believe the harsh treatment and complete misunderstanding of a<br/>gifted person.
I did not get but several chapters in. I just could not get into the flow or rhythm of this book even though I tried a few times. I'm sure it is a great book and has been enjoyed by many.
Well written, excellent character development and held my interest BUT, as stated in a previous post it's an "unrelentingly dark tale about victimization" that I found disturbing.
Miramont's Ghost grabbed my attention with the first paragraph. I found it hard to put down. Ms. Hall created a captivating story around the true history of the castle in Manitou Springs.
Great read if you like historical fiction.  Very strange turn of events that I didn't think would happen.  It sure kept my interest and now I want to tour the home in Manitou Springs, CO.
I thought the story was well written but I didn't like the ending.  I kept hoping the protagonist would overcome the issues and challenges thrown at her.  Unfortunately, evil does exists.
I couldn't put this book down. It grabs you from the first page and keeps you reading till it's over! I would recommend this book to anyone who likes historical fiction and mystery books.
I chose this rating because the beginning of the story seemed to drag on and I almost quit reading it. But I continued and finally got into the story. The end was not what I had expected.
This book did not disappoint. It developed and held my interest from beginning to end. Highly recommend!  I especially like the sprinkling of historical facts that helped shape the story.
Thoroughly enjoyed this  book! The plot was full of twists and turns, many of them unexpected. Characters were well drawn,and pacing was good. I will look for more books from this author
The Book was very dark and the leading character started out with much hope, but by the end I was over it.  She was completely hopeless.  Almost did not finish because it was so pitiful.
Well written, but a bit slow to action. A good way to flesh out a legend with backstory. I had a little difficulty getting in the mood for it, but once I settled, it was a pleasant read.
I spent the night in this castle at a time when no one else was allowed to stay there.  In 1980, we knew the sneers and when we were falling to sleep heard the piano playing in the parlo
It started off with a good plot and seemed to move along well but then it kind of dragged on a bit after that. By the end of the story I found myself skipping whole pages just to finish.
It was very dark book without a happy ending.  At least if the heroine is going to be treated miserably throughout the book she should end up with a happy ending but that never happened.
This story was interesting and entertaining until about the last quarter.  The end was lacking and seemed of poorer quality, almost as if from a different author.  Overall, an okay read.
Interesting that the castle is real and that the author uses historical records as a backdrop for the story line. Reading it on my Kindle,I didn't realize this until I finished the book.
I began the book because of the setting in Colorado. I enjoyed the characters and the story line. The fact that many things can be traced to history only make the story more fascinating.
I liked the story and finished the book quickly.  I had some difficulty liking the characters, though.  Too naive, never realizing what was happening until too late.  Overall, it was ok.
This wasn't a bad book, it did hold my interest, but I guess I expected a little more substance, especially at the end of the book. It was worth the read though for something different.
The author did not draw his characters with a clarity that made their subsequent actions believable.  The ending, though acceptable, made one wonder why one had bothered to read so far.
I could hardly put this book down, but found the end very depressing and almost frightening.  I did not give it a 5 because of the unexpected ending.  Otherwise, it deserved a 5 rating.
A long read that seemed to repeat itself with details. I felt it could have been a written to be a bit more emotionally so that you could put yourself in the position of the characters.
This book left me feeling unsatisfied.  Not one of the main characters was a decent human being. I kept waiting for something good to happen but it never did.  Just left me feeling sad.
I love this book. The descriptions of things are excellent. The characters most interesting and real. You feel like they are coming to life as you read. Just started and enjoying a lot.
This story kept you on the edge of your seat.  Was very hard to put it down.  It would take a new twist just about the time you thought you had it figured out. Would make a great movie!
It started out with promise. However,  I stopped reading at Chapter 28. It became very dark and depressing and just kept getting worse. I lost interest  in the story and the characters.
This is part true historical and a small part fictional. Started reading and did not put down until I finished. Very good read. Recommend a quiet evening for you will not put it down...
This was a fascinating story and kept me reading when I should have been up and working. I wish the ending had been different but it's based on fact and the idea of a ghost.  Good read.
I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in historical fiction with a little mythical twist. It was well written with turns not expected and kept me hooked until the end.
I really did like this book but it didn't really turn out like I thought. Borders on the supernatural.  Was a easy read kept my interest and I finished the book with in a few days time.
I didn't want to stop reading it.  It was sad, but it it was also thrilling not knowing what was going to happen next.  I also like that the story is based on a real family and castle.
Interesting, but kind of boring, it did not grab my attention.  It took me awhile to finish. The plot was good, a story where nothing good happens.  All said it was a pretty good book.
The ending seemed very disconnected from the rest of the story, and the tone changed significantly too.<br/><br/>Interesting to know the history behind the inspiration for the story.
I am LOVING this story!  I've been reading on the train to and from work (my only "free" time to read) and literally cant wait to get my seat and pick up where I last left off!
This book just seems to be lacking something. The story was good and kept me coming back, but now that it is finished , I.cant say it was a favorite. Just couldn't get caught up in it.
Suspenseful, gripping story with great characters and atmosphere. A little melodramatic for me at times and a couple plot issues, but overall a worthwhile read. Very satisfying ending.
Three hours of my life I won't get back.... A long drawn out story that was summed up....with more interest.... in the afterword into two pages.... Don't waste your time with this one.
Not really a ghost story. Not really a mystery. Not really an historical fiction story. I wish Ms. Hall had decided to stay with one theme instead of trying to do too much in one book.
I couldn't put it down! It is an easy read, with much mystery to keep you coming back....I would read another book by this author. The romantic in me wanted a different ending, though.
The book was pretty good. It was a bit hard to get into in the beginning, but it picked up in the end. The ending of the book caught me by surprise, definitely was not expecting that.
Well written, intriguing, and enough historical references to keep anyone's interest.  Highly recommend this reading to all.  Intriguing reflection to clairvoyance.  Quite believable.
The plot is not realistic. Knowing at the first of the book that some of the persons are historical would have helped, but many of the actions of even those persons are not realistic.
Such a tragedy this family lived.  The extent they went through of keeping secrets and lies.  Everyone loses in the end.  The story kept me intrigued and anxious for the next chapter.
I don't care for non feel good story. Too depressing for me. And I had thought the storyline vent midway through , u guess that's because she had to git it to actual historical facts.
I love to read, but do not usually have the time to enjoy this pastime as I used to.  This is the first book (albeit a short one) that I was able to read in one sitting for some time.
I was engaged and invested in the well being of the characters. That said, it seems like the bulk of the story was background to support what could have originally been a short story.
Thought this would be more about the actual Castle history and the ghost, instead the story is mostly fiction. Next time, I will read the reviews better, but it was still a good read.
Very good introduction to characters. Ended a bit unsatisfactory, after getting to know these people, what became of them? Even the family left in France. And maybe more about Pierre.
I loved the historical side of this book. The added fictional side added a wonderful page turning need. I gobbled it up. It has also led me to want more books in my library like this.
The story was filled with twist and turns with the biggest twist near the middle<br/>And the biggest turn 2/3 of the way thru.. Will worth your time to read and<br/>Enjoy this story
The book was written pretty well but I kept waiting for something positive to happen to the main character. It kept going from bad to worse and worse than that. Very depressing book.
This is the first book i have downloaded and I loved it!  I couldn't put it down!  Very suspenseful and interesting -- especially since it is based on real events.  Incredible story!
Frequently throughout this book I found myself thinking I knew what was coming next, and every time I was wrong. This story is full of surprises and intrigue. I couldn't put it down.
The story was well written.  The only reason I didn't give it a five was I found the flow of Adrienne views difficult to follow.  Perhaps a different type set to indicate the change.
Unbelievable sad but a very interesting story to read. I'd love to visit the actual castle someday. Never went into depth, but you wonder if it's her grandmother who is a ghost also?
A most enjoyable tale!  Fast paced and well written, it begs you turn the page!  An enlightening piece of realistic fiction.  Put the book down periodically,and just think about it!
The story moves quickly and was well written enough to hold my attention but it wasn't compelling and I didn't have a lot of sympathy for the main character despite her predicament.
A must read.....I would try to stop reading and found myself reading more because I couldn't put it down! I didn't know that some of the story was actual fact, very interesting.....
The story was slow to build and the main character role ends abruptly as does the conclusion of the book. It's almost as though the author lost interest in finishing. Disappointing.
What a dreary book. I enjoyed the first half, and I liked the way the author described the protagonist's clairvoyance. After that it became an exercise in sadism without redemption.
Wasn't bad, the imagery was definitely there. A ghost story about a known location, in which the ghost does not appear until the end. Predictable, but an enjoyable read nonetheless.
I was very disappointed with this book.  The way they just finished off the main character was very frustrating to me.  I'd be pretty desperate to try another book from this author.
An interesting story which takes the reader to unexpected places. The ending is quite a surprise as well, along with the plot's twists and turns. A good read,keeps reader engrossed.
Too depressing. I patiently read through and hoped for something better... The timing of reading this book was bad since I just finished reading the Gone Girl...and I also hated it.
I lived in Colorado Springs and am very familiar with Manitou, so this story was very fun for me. If ghost stories and historical fiction are your thing, this book won't disappoint.
The story was good and kept my interest but at some point I would have liked the main character triumph a little. Adrienne was made to seem weak in the end as far as I am concerned.
I truly liked this story but was angered by things that happened. I was angry there was no justice. I was so connected to the main character that I cried for her. I would recommend.
Well written although not a "happy" story.  Makes me interested in traveling to see the Miramont Castle in Colorado.  This is a fictional story of what might have  occurred.
The beginning of the book held my attention. Towards the final quarter you could easily guess the end, which was disappointing to me.<br/>I would not recommend this book to anyone.
Very captivating..just when I thought I knew "who done it", another twist to the plot.  Easy to follow the characters. I like the historical features of the time that are described.
Very good read.  Captured my interest immediately and made me want to keep<br/> reading.  I would highly recommend this book and hope this is the first of many by this author.
I hope Hall writes more historial fiction. She does so etremely well. I also hope she finds story lines with a bit of redemption. I will watch for a new novel by this gifted writer.
I really loved this book and highly recommend it.  When I get a book that I can't put down I will give it 5 stars. This was one of those books. I want to read more from this Arthur.
Honestly, this book started out great. It hooked me right in, and I couldn't put it down for a while. The end killed me, though. There were a lot of loose ends that weren't tied up.
I am a Colorado native and have visited the castle many times. Is it haunted...yes..and quite picturesque as well. The story takes an interesting spin to give "Henrietta" a history.
I chose this book due to my interest in clairvoyance.  I found myself wanting to crawl through the pages and comfort the main character.  It is well written and engaging to the end.
I've gotten to a point in my life when I bail on a book if it doesn't grab me. I had to bail because this story just dragged and felt like it wasn't going to grab me any time soon.
If you are looking for a story about a ghost, he will be disappointed. But the description of the origin of the ghost, her experiences and the reasons for them, is very compelling.
I read this whole book in just one day. I simply could not put it down. The author has a unique ability to make you feel as if you are right there as part of the story. Great read!
It was slow going into the story...finally got into it after half way.  Her gift being suppressed was tragic.  I loved the clairvoyance background between her and the grand mother!
Unless you like dark, depressing stories, don't bother wasting your time reading this book. I slogged through it hoping for something happy or redeeming to happen and it never did.
This is a very interesting story with lots of suspense and situations that are filled with jealous hatred. It also has a religious connection to present day problems in the church.
I really enjoyed this book. The characters are well drawn and the story held my interest. The facts revealed in the epilogue explain why the author was inspired to write the novel.
There is lots of tragedy and sorrow but there is always hope for resolve. I was surprised at the ending.<br/>I can't wait to tour The Miramont Castle on our next visit to Colorado
This story is a real tragedy. The main character is very well written, but the story keeps you thinking she will have a better end. The whole thing just saddened me. Too much evil.
Quite an interesting story about a little girl who was a see er of visions. It seems to have a basis in history very interesting and chilling indeed. Definitely a book I recommend.
Very good hard to put down.but did not care for the ending I thought she deserved better than that.than to be under THIER control all her life.and never have any of her own dreams.
This book kept my attention the whole time. The many twists and turns along the way made it interesting. The author did her work checking the history of everything she wrote about.
This is one of the best books I have read! I usually just read at night before going to sleep but I read this one during the day as well. I could not put it down. Very well written
I didn't finish. I hated how the aunt is plotting against her and no one realizes or tries to protect her except her nanny. I couldn't keep reading. Too much hate and evil for me.
Well written and kept my attention throughout. I was a little nervous about the clairvoyant aspect but this was not overplayed and used somewhat realistically.I enjoyed this book.
Well written. It was easy to "get in the heads" of the characters and develop empathy for them. The ending was a bit of a surprise but a fitting explanation for the ghost.
I really enjoyed this book. It is very well written with rich imagery and interesting characters. The story had a lot of twists and I found myself eager to keep coming back to it.
I enjoyed this entire book due to the story and mood conveyed. The denouement was a shade abrupt, but I understand this is a first novel.  I will be eager to read her future work!
Fiction and non-fiction in one great book! I loved this so much, I am going online to see if I can access two reference books listed.  Please Elizabeth Hall write me another book!
I haven't read a book like this in awhile....I suppose it is because books about haunting are mostly predictable.  I am "haunted" by this story.  It is not scary...it is chilling.
I never venture away from my normal authors. So glad I decided to this time. Loved the story and felt the pain of the characters.
This book was pretty good. I was not particularly into the way it ended but it was the authors choice. It depicted the life of woman with a gift and it was misunderstood by most.
This story was engaging and well told, but fairly predictable. The characters were all ones you've seen before.  I basically enjoyed it, but didn't encounter anything really new.
Having toured this castle made this book especially interesting. I could almost feel myself following Marie and Adrienne as Julian gave them their guided tour upon their arrival.
The entire time I read this story I hoped the main character's life would get better. It never did.  This poor girl!  I feel this was a waste of my time. I was very disappointed.
Just finished reading and enjoyed it very much. I usually do not read novels but this one sounded intriguing. It did not disappoint me. It held my interest to the very last page.
Why did the author just drop the most interesting part of the plot? Very disappointing in this respect - and had so much potential!!! Maybe she needs a different agent or editor?
Great story! I couldn't put it down until I had found out what happened. The author did a wonderful job intertwining two different time periods and stories into one great ending!
An absolutely depressing book with no redeeming value.  I'm sorry that I downloaded it.  I kept waiting for something good to happen to Adrienne, but it just got worse and worse.
This book was a good read.  It was not scary but did hold suspense.  I particularly enjoyed the historically accurate details contained in the book.  I would recommend to others.
read the sample and was intrigued. bought the book and feel like a fool. this was a complete mess. i dont know where to begin. do yourself a favor and skip this one...wish i did.
Love these kinds of stories. Well written. I was hoping Adrienne would escape and find her way in the world. I found the parts of the story based on historical facts fascinating.
Just had to plod through this book the main female characters is so pitiful .... Totally unable to think for herself just letting life happen because she cannot think for herself
This was a thrilling and heart breaking story. The character were well written and the story goes where we all hope it will never go. Some surprises and some predictable moments.
The author draws you in and is so descriptive with her words that you feel like you are there. The characters are great, who needs an evil step mother when you have an evil aunt.
I couldn't put this book down at first, but I did not like the direction it took at the end. I wanted things to work out for Adrienne in the end. It was a very depressing ending.
It was a good read.  I wanted to see Aunt Marie take a tumble down the stairs .... I also had mixed feelings about one taking their own life, so that twist bothered me ... a lot.
I enjoyed the mix of fact and fiction.  The character development in the first hAlf of the book was excellent.  And the twist at the end.  Didn't see it coming.  Read and enjoy.
It feels very two dimensional. Not enough substance to this book. I can't picture what's going on in the book because the setting has largely been ignored. The plot is very slow
I had a hard time liking any of the characters.  The concept and time frame was interesting but the whole thing left me feeling kind of icky.  I wouldn't read this author again.
The ending was shocking and captivating.  As the characters evolved, my feelings towards them took many turns.  However, they did not compare to the unexpected twist at the end.
Once I started, I simply couldn't put it down.  Heartbreaking  and riveting, it's an excellent debut.  I'll be looking for Miss. Hall's next book but my, what big shoes to fill.
Kind of interesting.i would have enjoyed it a lot more as a short story, this was drug out and repeative in my opinion.  An interesting tale as it was based on some known facts.
There was so much to like about this book;  it's hard to put aside to do other things.  I enjoyed the historical value about it and Manitou Springs.  I was sorry to have it end.
Started a little slow , but by about 6 chapters in, it got entangled in my mind and I could not wait to get back to reading.  Very good.  I would buy another by the same author.
I'm sure glad I didn't have an aunt Marie and cousin Julien when I was growing up!!!! Great character and environment development.Several surprises, especially in the Afterword.
A very well written tale worthy of its title. Based in fact, the  fictitious embellishments woven into its fabric provide continuity and logic. Miramont's Ghost is a great read!
Very cynical and depressing. Bad guys get away with torturing a child while assuring her soul is condemned forever. If I wanted to be this depressed, I would read the newspaper.
Loved the beginning, hated the end.... The story was good, loved the historical aspect. I even researched Miramont Castle farther. But I thought the ending TOTALLY fell flat....
If you are interested in an unresolved mystery and pain heaped on tragedy, then you might enjoy it. I did not. To be fair, it did have some actual history included in the story.
I was up all night reading. Didn't want to put it down. Very compelling story. More intriguing knowing the historical facts of the castle and people. Would definitely recommend.
I liked this book... though the ending was a let down. It's loosely non-fiction based and since it is, technically fiction, the ending could have definitely been better written.
Written well, interesting, historical (to a point). I enjoyed it and have discussed the location's historical significance with some friends from that area.<br/><br/>Good job!
An engaging read with some interesting insights into what the history might actually have been.  Readers who live in Colorado and New Mexico should particularly enjoy this book.
I just couldn't handle what happens to the poor girl. I was barely able to finish it. Did a lot of skimming. I feel the need to read something ridiculously upbeat and happy now.
Easy, pleasant reading. Starts gently, ends in a place and a way very unexpected.  Author maintains and nurtures the suspense very well.  It was a good recreational read for me.
SPOILER ALERT...<br/>by Laura Blankenship<br/><br/>I found this book to be slow at times...but a really good read.  The ending came as no surprise...And quite honestly I pinned her for being dead the whole time...
I was hoping for a different ending and then when that didn't happened a different epilogue, but no. But that's my preference, the story made for easy reading during down times.
I enjoyed this book very much. It kept you in suspense the entire story .  I really wish there could have had another ending. Justice for Aderian would have been a better ending
The author builds the story around some historical facts. This was a sad tale of an oddly passive and angry young girl who seemed unable to take any responsibility for her fate.
I thought the story would deal with a haunting, but it was all the events that led up to this poor girl's demise.  I am okay with depressing stories, but this one was overkill.
I enjoy historical fiction. The characters and storyline are interesting and I couldn't stop reading. I highly recommend this book and will be looking for more from this author
If you are looking for an historical romance with a happy ending this isn't it. In fact the ending doesn't seem to match the tone of 90% of the book and is quite disappointing.
Very good story but the ending was very disappointing. Was expecting a more pleasant ending but I guess every one got what the deserved except the main girl. Still enjoyed it .
I was so engrossed in Adrienne's story. I felt so bad for her at the end because she deserved much better. I was surprised to find this was based on real people. Two thumbs up!
Parts of the story were very interesting. The villain,Marie,is unbelievable, as she is endowed by the author with no redeemable qualities. The ending was unsatisfactory for me.
Err<br/><br/>Okay<br/><br/>Historical fictional characters were believable. Interesting notes at end with historical facts relating to characters. Enjoyed reading the book.
I really enjoyed this story. The historical nature and the mysterious way it unfolds was very entertaining.  I couldn't wait to find out the end,yet did not want it to be over.
I could not put this down and finished in two days. What a great story. Lies, deception, mystery, kidnapping, death. I could not imagine what would happen next. Excellent book.
In the beginning I had some reservations about the book,but thought,why not. To my surprise it moved qickly and had me pulled in with the first  chapter,I couldn't put it down!
Unlike so many murder mysteries in which the victims stay victimized (or dead), our heroine raises herself from her oppression through her her own inner strength and resources.
This is a great tapestry of life in the era just after the French revolution. You feel for the trials of this girl. Also has some depictions of the frontier life in western US.
Liked this book very much. Was different and you couldn't predict the outcome of the story. Couldn't put it down. It was a sad ending. Will look for other books by this author.
This is a story that will keep you reading to th end.  It is a dark depressing<br/>Story that does not find release to the misery.  Read when you sure in a good state of mind.
I had not expected the story to end the way it did. After I finished reading I looked up information on the actual castle from the book and was fascinated by the similarities.
This was a great story that ended in an unexpected and somewhat disappointing way. I had high hopes for Adrienne and was sad she didn't achieve my hopes. But good read anyway.
The only purpose I can see to this novel is to show how bad knocks and egos can turn people in to sociopaths and a rapist/pedophile.<br/>There is no redemption in this novel.<br/>Avoid for your psyche's sake.
I chose this book based on the recommendation of my mom. It took me longer to finish due to traveling, but this book was well written, captivating and always held my interest.
This was truly the most depressing book I've ever read. If you want to read a book that will make you want to throw yourself in front of a bus, this is it. Otherwise, skip it.
This was a very good read.  It started a little slowly but eventually became a page Turner. The ending was unique and surprising.<br/>Try it I think you will enjoy the story.
This is a very professional piece of writing with believable characters, and much insight into human nature, both good and evil. I look forward to future works by this author.
Short read that provided interesting facts surrounding Miramont Castle and its inhabitants. Worth the investment of time. Glad the author provided a list of facts in the back.
She takes pieces of a true story and builds completely believable and tragic circumstances around it.  I don't usually take the time to review a book but this one is worth it.
Loved it  Hope she writes another novel soon I couldn't stop reading it.  I love this type of  novel. I  could picture what they looked like. It was like I was there with them
The book was too long at getting to the point. I was bored reading after two chapters. I skimmed through the rest of the book.
I expected more out of the book. I haven't been to the castle but know people that have. There wasn't as much about a ghost at the castle. It took too long to build up to it.
Kept me reading. The ending was not what I expected. I did not understand the first chapter until the very end.  This was a great study of human nature, the good and the bad.
Living in Colorado and having been to Miramont Castle, the history was fun to read though loosely based. The story left a pit of sadness in my stomach but it was a good read.
I'm glad that I used an Amazon Prime offer to try this book. I just couldn't get into it. I rarely leave a book unfinished, this is one that I had no inclination to continue.
The book started out strong... Then last part that should been great was a lot of the same just repeating earlier thoughts almost as if it had copied and pasted to add pages.
Well written with great character development.  Strong insight into the emotions of the main character. I can usually figure out the end but this one completely surprised me!
If this is fiction based on fact, it is quite well done. But Adrienne's complete and utter debasement and abuse was too depressing. Don't look for a Disney happy ending here.
I enjoyed this book with its twists and turns. It was intriguing enough that it was difficult to put down. My first time reading this author and I highly recommend this book.
We visited Miramont Castle last year, so I was really impressed with the story line. It was very well written and held my interest. I have recommeded this book to my friends.
I really like historical novels, and this fits the bill fine! Great story line and good characters. I would have liked for the romance to have had a bigger part in the story.
Held my interest but the reader doesn't get the satisfaction of the bad people getting their due. Ending left me feeling very sad. The lead character should have fought back.
Found this a pretty interesting read...was kind of disappointed with the ending....upset that it did contain more proof.of pedophilia  within the clergy...no matter what era.
I got this book through a free offering by Prime. I found the characters to be fully fleshed out  and charming. Ms. Hall kept my attention from page one on. Very well written
Let me put it this way. I started at 8pm. It's 4 am and I'm done.  Sad but intriguing... The only thing that bugged me was perspective shifts in the same paragraph sometimes.
I was mostly impressed by how well the author painted the physical picture of the characters, structures, and landscape of the era. A reality based story that is compelling.
I can't remember the story enough to answer the questions, so I guess this was not a memorable book.  For someone looking for a ghost story, the ghost comes only at the end.
This was a nice story in the beginning but failed to give me an exciting end. I would have rather it have been a more exciting short story. It takes too long in the telling.
Very good mysterious book up until the ending the last chapter-end was very disappointing- title does not really fit- almost like author just got tired and abruptly ended it
Much too long. Writer needed to cut to the chase and it would have been better.  I would not recommend this to any one..  especially since the epilogue told the whole story.
The story kept my interest mostly because I kept hoping the main character, Adrienne, would have some joy in her life. The surprise was she shows us how to have joy in ours.
This one had so much potential, but the author squanders it with a weak ghost story ending. The absolute silliness of a ghostly presence ruins an otherwise well done effort.
At some points the story was uncomfortable to read. Still I could not put it down. The author writes well. I really understood the main character.  However not for everyone.
A depressing story with very little redemption in the ending. I kept waiting for some vindication or anything to make it worth trudging through that bog of a story,  but no.
The story was well written although disturbing and I had wished it had ended differently. But it is worth reading as you will be drawn in with the characters and story line.
What a great read. Characters were amazing. The story line kept me engaged from the first page to the last. I would highly recommend to anyone that likes a good ghost story.
Very good book that makes you feel sad, angry and happy, but really makes you think about your feelings regarding things that you cannot control or at least think you can't.
Thu drug omnibus tabbed  sedrftgvcfrdx ygm,,<br/><br/>Madison e ruT e Eh ruE Erik tv ttc dc<br/><br/>S!! V buY n moP ow<br/><br/>,,,,,,,vvvvvvvvvyyyyyyuuu<br/><br/>L
I enjoyed this book.  It keeps you guessing what will happen next! Wish it had a different ending! Its not really a ghost story though more like a biography of a French girl
Late 1800s France. Sorry about a grandfather, granddaughter, castles, churches, dysfunctional family, and unfairness. Loved it. Would read another from this author anytime.
This book was well written. It was easy to follow. I loved the surprise I got near the end. I really didn't expect such an ending. It kept my attention all the way through.
I didn't like the ending she should've been able to get her revenge against her aunt and cousin Julien. Sad to hear how these men of the cloth are so evil to harm children.
I thought this story was well-written and had some interesting twists and turns.  Definitely held my interest and I couldn't put the book down until the story was finished!
Very depressing book. You keep thinking something is about happen and turn things around but no, and the ending also lacks closure. It is very suspenseful and well written.
A complex story with strong characters with ill intentions.  Rooted in a dark history, the author weaves an interesting story that accounts for many of the possible events.
Location of Europe and the developing West were good backgrounds to visualize the story. Suspense of what would be the outcome for the clairvoyant skills kept my attention.
Good story, drew you in very quickly.  Was not too happy with the ending, quite hurried but still very enjoyable.<br/>A good read to just get away and meld into the story.
Recommended for those who enjoy Historical Fiction. Enjoyed the characters and their dysfunctional relationships. Might need to take a trip to Colorado Springs this summer.
This book was well written, the story was well done and believable.  The characters were well developed.  I couldn't put it down!  You won't be disappointed with this book.
Once I got into this book it was very hard to put down.  Hall's characters' depth pulled me into her story and immersed me into her story.  I was sorry to run out of pages.
This is not a ghost story! While this story is beautifully written and then imagery transports you, it is a very dark and sad story. It was not at all what I was expecting!
The story was about an abused child by the hands of family. An a pedophile priest. The book description was not described as such therefore I would not have read this book.
Very good, sometimes a bit slow,but it kept me going through til very last page.<br/>I was a bit bummed at how the story went at one point , but the ending made up for it!
I liked the story, but was disappointed that the protagonist was not stronger until I read that the story was based on historical events. An easy, lying on the beach read!
I like to read fantasy and not books based on facts, especially when the facts are dark and distasteful. I almost felt tricked into reading this and felt dirty afterwards.
It took me a while to get into this story.  I almost stopped a quarter of the way through.  Even though the story is dark, I'm glad I stuck with it.  Overall a good story.
Just not my kind of book.  I want to read for enjoyment, but this book is dark, sinister, and depressing.  I kept hoping for a plot twist to the better, but it never came.
A good story, well told.  More detail than I thought necessary for a good telling of the tale.  Not my favorite genre but I did enjoy it and felt the urge to keep reading.
The title, Miramont's Ghost, doesn't fit the story. The ghost is such a small part of the story, the title is deceiving. It's an interesting story but not what I expected.
This story keeps you spellbound throughout. Very believable fiction; things don't always turn out for the best, and misery does seem eternal. I enjoyed every minute of it!
Always have wondered about that castle... you get creepy feelings just walking by it!  The architecture is amazing, &The; historical society does a great job maintaining it
I enjoyed reading this book knowing that, at its heart, it was a true story.  If you want a happy ending or a story in which good prevails over e il, don't read this book.
Poorly written. Ridiculous premise. Author shows lack of knowledge. Should have stuck with Adrienne & her visions, rather than moving on to Julien. Very unsatisfying read.
This was the most depressing book I have ever read. I thought something positive would eventually happen...I ended the book disappointed and let down. Would not recommend.
One tragedy after until it becomes almost comical.  The main character has second sight but never seems to see what is coming next for her. I wouldn't recommend this book.
I enjoyed the book, especially since it was woven around true events. The author repeated some of the characters' descriptions too often. But otherwise it was a good read.
The book was easy to read and kept me turning pages. I was disappointed in the ending but since much of it is fact,that can't be helped. I would read more from this author
The story begs for someone to rescue young Adrienne. Throughout her life there is betrayal and heartache. This was an intriguing story as you wait to find out her revenge.
A hauntingly good read.  You will be haunted by the circumstances, not by the ghost. Many quirks and twists keep you wanting to know how it ends. It was a bit predictable.
I love how historical events were entwined in the story. Descriptions of people, places, and things made me feel like I was watching rather than reading the story unfold.
The story is interesting and apparently based of facts after a fashion. It does bog down a bit the the heroine (I think) gets the short end of things throughout the book.
I really enjoyed this book. I never wanted to put it down. The ending was not at all predictable in my opinion. I will read more from this author in the very near future.
Interesting historical account of the origin of supposed haunting of an existing building. More fun than digging through actual historical accounts of an existing castle.
This story started out so good but was very disappointing in the delivery. It wasn't what I expected and I was very disappointed in the ending. Just not what I expected!!
Very interesting!! I moved to Colorado Springs two years ago and have heard about the castle. I was happy to read the research and learn about the history f the castle!!!
Loved the history and loved the story, but I was really disappointed at the end but of course it is based loosely on historical events so I guess I understand the ending.
I am sorry to say I found  this book rather long winded. Ended up skimming most chapters reading first an  last sentences until last 3 chapters an  still "got" the story.
There's nothing like reading for many hours and getting a surprise. Not many authors have given me such a degree of emotions as this author did...Well done Elizabeth Hall
I didn't know what to expect going into this book. It has several intertwining stories that keep you intrigued. The book ends a lot different than it began! A great book.
Five stars! Wonderful story line, keeps you entranced throughout. the story sets a good background and moves through the characters lives. No spoilers here, a must read!!
I got this book free on Prime, and enjoyed the first two-thirds. Although a very easy read, it intrigued me. I ended disappointed and wishing I had picked something else.
This was at some points a hard read for me. I lost interest in some chapters and just wanted to skip to the end of that chapter. Also, the ending was a bit disappointing.
I read this book quickly and enjoyed hearing of Adrienne's story.  I so wanted her to be happy, but just knew that would never happen.  Marie is such a devious character.
I found this to be a predictable slow read. It then rushed through the end in a very choppy manner to a rather unsatisfying end, as if in a hurry to finish up the story.
I liked the history in this book. And the descriptions of the areas where these families lived. I also liked the switch that happened when she had her "visions".
I don't just hand out 5 stars to ANY book. Dark and defeating.... but you need that sometimes.  Renewed my interest in historical fiction loosely based on actual events.
The beginning of the book was great. Wonderful writing, but I didn't like the dark turn the story took. Would not have read it if I knew the subject matter it contained.
I was not quite impressed with this book. I'd say it was just interesting enough to keep me going in hopes of it getting better but unfortunately it just never happened.
This a real page turner, a bit tragic but good reading. The characters were well developed and three dimensional. The Settings varied but were heightened by the weather.
Started off interesting but went downhill during the last chapters. The fact that it revolves loosely around real places, times, and people did not make me like it more.
This was not much of a ghost story. Only the beginning and end. When I finished reading this book I wanted it to go on only to answer all the unanswered questions I had.
Such a horrible ending. The whole book led you to believe this girl/woman would be "rescued". I loved the story until the ending. What a big, big disappointment.
It's a really captivating story it left me wanting to know more.. I really didn't like the ending it left so many unanswered questions. I think it needs a better ending.
I enjoyed this book even though it was not what I expected.  Then to find out some events and characters were based on actual events and people made it more interesting.
Sometimes a book will catch me off guard with how the story will end and this truly did. Well written story with well thought out characters. Definitely worth the read.
This story had several twists. It did keep me interested.  I usually read murder mysteries and psychological thrillers. This story was not as 'exciting' as I had hoped.
The characters were developed well, and it really picked up speed in the back half of the book. There were some interesting twists too. Overall an enjoyable experience.
This story drew me in, kept me reading and guessing throughout. The afterward was quite enlightening. Excellent first novel....I hope this author has more in the works.
I found the premise interesting.  Unfortunately, the story lagged and led to no where.  After the book abruptly ended, I was disappointed in the lack luster conclusion.
This is not a book with a satisfactory conclusion. Kinda regret picking it up in the first place. If you're looking for a meaning to a long book, this is not the place.
This book kept me totally in suspense.  Portrayed Marie as a wench with the hope that something dreadful would happen to her. Will check for other books by this author.
I loved reading this story!!! Well crafted, and it kept my interest from start to finish.  I loved the  protagonist and hated the bad guys.Every word makes the picture.
I always enjoy a book that contains links to local history, so I was not disappointed.  It was a page turner from the first word.  I enjoyed it and it was written well.
Once I started reading it, I had a hard time stopping. It's a good ghost mystery. This was her first, can't wait to read the next one. Part is fact and part is fiction.
When I read for enjoyment, I want to see characters develop and I want to like them ( or dislike them)- feel something. Unfortunately, I never got there with this book.
I enjoyed reading this book. I enjoyed the history of the family in Europe and then what happened in America.  The ending kept me in suspense until the end of the book.
I am taken by fiction novels  that include real places, real events, real people in history, but fill in with wonderful imagination the 'what if it happened like this'.
Good character development. Surprised several times....lot's of twists and turns. Always like the historical aspects. Anyone who enjoys a mystery should like this read!
When I downloaded this book I thought it was going to be about ghosts and a haunted house, I was very mistaken. It was written very well however and I still enjoyed it.
I decided to read this book based on another review saying it was scary. I found that this book was not scary enough for my taste, but an interesting story nonetheless.
I loved this story. Very interesting since I have lived in both Colorado and New Mexico in those areas. The story behind the castle is something I had not heard before.
No cohesiveness, the beginning and the ending of the book read like two different books altogether.  It was well writing, but the story didn't come together at the end.
This book had me glued from the minute I purchased it. I couldn't wait to get to the end.<br/>Some parts seemed to drag a bit but all in all I'd recommend this highly.
I wished it had started with “based on a true story” like movies do as it might have been a little more believable.  The evilness of the characters is hard to believe.
The novel would have been a little more interesting if I had read the epilog first.  Knowing it was based on historical figures may have improved my reading enjoyment.
A nice first book by the Author.  Some elements were a surprise while others were predictable. I am sure any future books will be as good as this one, if not better :)
This book keeps you in suspense on what will happen next. Very well written, it was hard to put down. the ending was a shocking surprise. bI would recommend this book.
Enjoyed this book very much! Was interesting to learn of the historical facts that the author built the fictional take around.<br/>Great twists and turns throu out...
This made for a nice weekend read.  I love the weekend and being able to turn the phone off, and curl up with a good book.  Thank you Amazon for all the great choices!
Great book with a few twists. Not sure I loved the ending. All in all a fairly good pool sitting kind of book. Easy read and did not always predict the turn of events.
This is a great book with good imagery. It makes for a pleasant read and is exciting as well. I am enjoying this book and would recommend it to others for a good read.
The book started out great and kept me very engaged with the characters, but I was very disappointed in the ending.  But I guess every story can't have a happy ending.
I loved it until the last chapters.  It got very dark and I was looking forward to a happy ending.  I do like the author's way of writing - easy to read and stay with.
I really enjoyed reading this book. Elizabeth Hall took an interesting<br/>historical story and made it her own.  I will look forward to seeing more from this author.
Creepy. Sad. Engrossing. A page turner! Sent me racing to to read more about Colorado Springs, Miramont and other things mentioned in the book. Don't read it at night.
Really enjoyed the read an easy book to get into. Lost that edge as the story continued by the end was quite weak and sloppy. Not an end you could feel satisfied with.
Very good read. Could not put it down! Captures you in the beginning to where you can't stop reading. I do recommended!
This was a short, fun novel based on historical record. I wish there was either a bit more or a bit less of the supernatural aspects but all in all a good investment.
A good story and told well. Not exactly uplifting though. Not every story has a happy ending, certainly not this one. I would recommend it though. Well worth reading.
I liked this book a lot. It was a interesting story and I liked the period it was set in. The end was not what I expected and would have liked it have been different.
Very well written  I love the characters specialy the granddaughter. Being psychic. And the grandfather being a count in France. It really  draws you in to the story.
I am only 78% through this book on my Kindle, but it is very hard to put down. I don't normally read this type of story, but I may have to read more from this author.
Thought I would read a ghosstory but instead it was about a tormenting another human and I really got tired of the book when it introduced rape and child molestation.
It was a good read.  I liked how at the end, she gave you all the true facts, so you can see what was fiction and what was fact.  Enough facts to make is interesting.
Really enjoyed this book. Wonderfully written; really made me empathize with the main character. Very suspenseful! Will definitely look at other books by this author.
good read toward half way through however would have liked to see more activity towards the end it just kind of left you hanging. I was looking for a get even point.
I enjoyed this story.  It was well written and had a good plot. However, so much more could've been done with it. I was also disappointed in the real life ending. :)
This is a book hard to put down.  The  intrigue and mystery, the helplessness of a child caught up into old wives tales, gossip,and despair, keep all your attention.
Overall a very good book, but the story itself was very slow moving.  It felt like parts were drawn out and would have been more effective if written more concisely.
Chose this rating bc the story is too long a read for the bad ending. It's like the author was in. A hurry to just end the book. I really liked the historical value.
I couldn't put it down because I couldn't wait for Adriene's life to turn around and get better and it never did. I was so shocked at the end, it was extremely dark.
It was well written and engaging. Hard to put down. I enjoyed the historical background in the book. I would recommend this for anyone that enjoys historical novels.
The story was compelling but sad.<br/>Some sections moved slowly while other went to fast. Good read though.<br/>Interesting that it was based on some true events.
This story was an enjoyable way to pass some time . Not to heaven on supernatural occurrences allowing the inner feelings of a young girl growing up to shine through
A very dark read with unexpected twists and turns. I could not stop reading it. I gave it four stars because the ending felt abrupt as though it was an afterthought.
I got this book free.  The middle part of the story gets a little tedious.  It is longer than it should be.  Some descriptions of character reactions are redundant.
Page turner that holds your interest. However. Unsatisfying ending that closes out everything, but does not really wrap it up. Leaves too many unanswered questions.
This was an interesting bit of historical fiction, for an era I hadn't read much about before.  But it didn't feel like, at the end, that the end fit the beginning.
I really liked the book untill near the end. I was shocked at the ending. I really don't know why I expected it to have a halfway decent ending. I was disappointed.
dreary, depressing, boring. skipped to the end to find out it was no better than the rest of the book. The best part was the factual comments about the real castle.
It was easy to get caught up in this story! I looked the castle up on line to get a better feel for how it looked and now I want to visit and feel her ghost myself!
I really enjoyed the book right up until the end. The ending felt like the author looked at her watch and said "Woops, I'm late" "She died" The End.
This is a pretty good novel. It is well written. It reminds me of something Stephen King might write. If you like strange stories you will probably enjoy this book.
I gave it five stars because the story is captivating and well written. It's a chilling tale of the inhumanity that people are capable of. Sad, but compelling read.
Very well written characters fully developed excellent plot<br/>Was very surprised to read at the conclusion that the story was based on actual events. Great read!
I struggled with the rating. I wanted to give it a 4 or 5 star however I was terribly disappointed with the fate of the central character. I was so rooting for her.
Very good read. Enjoyed the history and character development. However the ending made this a 4 out of 5 stars. I wanted justice  regarding the aunt and the priest.
Painfully repititious.  I kept thinking it would get better... it didn't.  It was free but still a big waste of time.
Very interesting amalgamation of fiction and non-fiction. It started a bit dry and slow, but ended with a fascinating twist and finish. Well done, and recommended.
I truly enjoyed this book and it definitely had an ending I was not expecting.  I would certainly recommend it for those who like mysteries with a different twist.
I thoroughly enjoyed Miramont's Ghost, although I was hesitant to choose this selection at first.  As I progressed, it was difficult to put down. Highly recommend!
This was a drawn-out plot, with one-dimensional characters. The ending, when at last it arrived, was anti-climatic. It was suspenseful, but unrewarding at the end.
I really enjoyed this book, it certainly held my attention.<br/><br/>The author was very descriptive and I felt as if I could see everything as it was unfolding.
Unusual story that I could not figure out in advance.  Sometimes dark, sometimes mysterious, it is a fairly good read. Won't do for my Christian book club, though.
I thought this would be a "Chick" book but decided to start reading it anyway,  I couldn't put it down, I would highly recomend this book to adult readers.
Excellent read. The writer captured and maintained interest.  The characters were human and fresh. I'd continue to read this author and would read this book again!
While an interesting story, the characters lacked depth and the story tended to drag on and on. I found myself skipping through at the end, just wanting it to end.
Several unexpected twists and turns. Love the fact and fiction blend. Little disappointed in the final end but not sure  what other way it could have been written.
this book is well writtenan an interesting read but so tragic that ultimately it left me disappointed. I am inspired to look into the history of the castle though.
The book was a mix of intense emotions and gripping moments. I didn't see the ending coming but it caught my attention and overall the story was thought provoking.
Read this if you enjoy fiction based on fact. This story was spellbinding. The characters were well developed, creating strong feelings for them. Hard to put down.
Ms. Hall weaves a tragic story with wonderful similes and flowery metaphors. One can picture the scenes from far away and long ago as if he was there. A must read!
Awesome example of blending fact and fiction. Impressed with the pace and gravitating writing of past and present while maintaining integrity to writing, no fluff.
I very much enjoyed reading this book. I knew some of the history of the castle and putting this fictional story to it kept me more than entertained.  Well written
I am always happy when a book has unexpected surprises. A very engaging and different story line. I will want to know more about the miramont castle. A quick read.
Writing fictional stories based on real events is difficult, but Elizabeth Hall did a wonderful job creating a story to fit it.  The ending certainly surprised me.
Really good story and characters. Didn't care for the French that was here and there but I guess it was needed  I couldn't put it down after the first few chapters
This was a very good story. The struggles the main character had to go through in her life were very sad. She really had no one to turn to except her grandfather.
Enjoyed the book. Wish it would have had a more happy ending, but to my surprise this was based on a real story.  Very cool.  Definitely would recommend this one.
Strong characters and good pacing had me hanging on every word. I would definitely recommend this book. I loved that real events were the framework for this book.
Sad because the aunt and cousin were so evil that Adrienne never had her chance at happiness. It's telling how times have changed for women though for the better.
It was a very well thought out with a surprising ending. It was even more interesting at the end when it is revealed some of the facts that this book is based on.
I loved the book as I live in Colorado and know where Miramont is located. The book was well written and I didn't expect that ending at all. I was sorry it ended.
I found the book to sad and disturbing. It had gotten good reviews. And it was one of Amazon prime choices. I would get a sample before downloading the whole book
It was a good book to read on a plane (as I did); entertaining but not a novel of much depth.  I found it interesting that it was based on a few historical facts.
Very interesting plot that held my attention.  I was disappointed by the sordid ending.  Interesting to know that it was based to some extent on a true situation.
Wow! This was a surprisingly good book. Although I wish the author would have given more insight into what caused the demise of the main character and her mother.
The book is rather well written with vivid characters and interesting settings. But the latter part and end is just sad. Not at all what I would call a good read.
This was a good story.  A bit slow and somewhat dramatic but good just the same. If you like French high society people and twist and turns in a plot;  go for it.
The story started off interesting enough, but throughout the book, I kept waiting for something good to happen and it never did.  I was disappointed in this book.
I really like this book although I thought it was going to be more about an actual ghost.  Nevertheless it was a nice change from the usual mysteries that I read.
dreadfully boring. i only made if halfway through the sample. just one declarative sentence after another. very bland descriptions being stacked upon one another.
This book left me feeling miserable for Adrienne , a testimony of how fully I was encased in this book!! To the point I thought of & dreamed about the characters.
Interesting story created around a historical site. I enjoyed reading the history around the actual mansion. I have added the mansion to my list of places to see.
While the subject matter turns grim, this first novel by the author is an entertaining read.  More intriguing than I expected, I was compelled to finish the book.
The focus of this story switched from a rich tale of a well developed character to a week story of her being at the mercy of other very underdeveloped characters.
Cool book. I didn't see the ending coming. Really enjoyed it. I live about 90 minutes away and hadn't heard of Miramont before. Now I plan to tour it this summer.
It is a good book. Well  written , kept me in suspense up to the last page  and kept me  hoping for a positive ending....  but no....the ending was depressing...
Intriguing but eventually disappointed. There's no hero and every body dies. It was as if the writer got bored with it and slapped the Last few chapters together
It is a good story, but the ending is why I didn't give it five stars.  It is upsetting!  But it is inevitable.  It's amazing that this is based on a true story.
This was a very compelling read.  I thought it was even more interesting to discover that a lot of the story is based on fact.  The characterization was amazing.
SPOILER ALERT - This was a very long book, with a small pay-off, IMHO.  I was disappointed that the villains did not get their due, and the heroine just gave up.
Was completely hooked from the first page turn! Nice to see fact turned to fiction so that it was amazingly believable! Will look for more of Ms. Hall's work....
It was very easy to get wrapped up in the characters, once I started I couldn't put it down. I recommended this book to my daughter who is now exited to read it.
Interesting until the end. That was abrupt and rather unsatisfying. I think it's because the title is slightly misleading. However, it's definitely worth a read.
The story was a page turner for me (that is not necessarily a good thing in this case- read it in about four to five hours, really wanted to know what happened next). It started out well for the first few chapters, however I was rather disappointed in the way it veered off, maintained the same depressing tone all through the rest rest of the story.<br/><br/>It is a dark story with very graphic details of some of the ugliest sexual inclinations of humanity, as well as the worst way to escape what was a terribly horrendous situation - not my cup of tea.<br/><br/>Had several loose ends, and it did not end well in my opinion.<br/><br/>Three stars for the the author's ability to tell a story, one star for the storyline and the ending.<br/><br/>Bottom line, the author is a good story teller, but the story told was just bad; the ending left much to be desired. Wish I had not invested the time.
Complex characterizations, beautiful scenery, with a touch of supernatural thrown in for good measure. I feel a need for a road trip coming on to see the castle.
I never could really get into this book.  The writing seemed amateurish and the story just not that interesting although it was supposedly based on a true story.
Based on real history; this is a story of an evil that moves through one part of a family and their interpretation of other family members with paranormal gifts.
The story and plot were well written. I started and finished the book in a few days because it was intriguing. Would recommend as the story has some truth to it.
The plot is based on real history but adds to the story a number of possibilities. If you read this book look up the facts it's based on. Makes the story better.
I lost an entire weekend!  This story was brilliantly pieced together.  The writer makes you feel like you are right there and I just couldn't put the book down!
The book held my interest, mainly because I thought surely this young lady's life would finally become enjoyable.  Unfortunately, it did not.  So incredibly sad!
Book was good. Held my attention to the very end. while I like a good ghost story, this was not my cup of tea. Book seemed to be written by two different people,
It was an excellent read.  The book has a big surprise at the end.  make sure you read the afterword.  It leaves you to believe that a lot of the book was true.
It was ok. There were a few times where Adrienne seemed to get stronger then just went back to her wimpy self. It seemed like the story could've been much more.
Ending was completely out of character, the story was great until the last third of the book. All the details that made the story great were ignored at the end.
I enjoyed the book very much very hard to even lay down I love this kind of mystery but I did not like the ending the ending was just too two sad and unexpected
It was well written and held my interest to the end.  I am a lover of happy endings so was somewhat disappointed in the ending, but over all it was a good read.
I didn't know much about this time period so the history was interesting. I appreciate the facts presented in the end! Made the story even better after knowing.
I was surprised at the ending - shouldn't have been; I just didn't put enough thought into it.<br/>Reading about the history of the castle made it all clearer.
Not bad, not great. Evil aunt persecutes innocent young girl who has psychic powers. Weak mother ignores the problem. I finished the book but it was a struggle.
Pertinence of book name doesn't become clear till the very end.  Held my attention.  Made me really dislike some characters, but they got their just rewards....
Heartbreaking and enthralling. Blazed through it in just a day! It was well written, in my opinion, and I would recommend to those who like historical fictions.
This story was weak from the beginning, I read until the last page waiting for the characters develop and then it was over. Not worth the time it takes to read.
I was pleasantly surprised at how good this book was. A good story and you will really sympathize with the main character.  Definitely recommend this to anyone.
writing is extremely good it really didn't have anything about ghost until the end an extremely sad and moving story so much I felt sad like it was a real story
Very interesting book. I really like how the author gave so much information about the characters throughout the book, I felt like I knew more than one of them.
I gave this book a 3 star, only because it was slow till about the middle of the book, after which I couldn't put it down, curious of the events that had taken.
Great book it was hard to put down, wished it would have ended on a lighter note, but every story can't have a happy ending. Would highly recommend this story .
This story was a tedious book to read.  It lacked any gripping plot until the end.  I'm glad it was free because if I had paid for it I would have felt cheated.
I really enjoyed this book. Anyone looking for a happy ending should not read this but I don't read fiction for this reason. Fairly well written and engrossing.
This book connects France to New Mexico in a clever turn of events. This book reads like a classical treasure. I find it to be a keeper in my library. I would read it again.
Enjoyed reading a work of fiction that is historically based and takes place during the turn of the century. A touch of Downton Abby in France and Colorado USA.
Not my cup of tea at all. Horrible characters, one horrible thing happening after another. The main character, while the on,y good person, is insipid and week.
I found the story captivating and interesting until the end. When the author tried to combine fiction with actual history, the story just seemed to fall apart.
Started out with a potentially great storyline, but then went in a different direction that caused the story to branch into too many directions. Disappointing.
As the Editor said, this was a page turner and the ending unexpected.  Really enjoyed this nice, easy read and set in a historical period that was interesting.
I really enjoyed the story. I wasn't happy with the ending but stories based on history never end how I want them too. It was a well written, interesting book!
A dark tale grounded in documented historical facts. Skillfully written and will make a believer out of the most skeptical regarding ghosts among it's readers.
Would have liked a happier ending.  Actually the whole story left me feeling depressed.  Think I'll look for a happier book to take away the gloomy feelings...
The book is very well written. The caricatures are very real. I did not like the direction the book went. There were so many more directions it could have gone
It appeared to me that the book was about mistreating this young woman in every way possible.  I actually missed the significance of the historical background.
This story pulls you in from the start through details and very believable relationships.  As it neared the ending, I could not stop reading until it was done.
I did not like the injustice, the hatred of Marie and the powerlessness of adrienne. I wanted to read more about her visions. It just left me feeling hopeless.
Well written.good story line.historically interesting.characters developed.would recommend as a book anyone would enjoy.I'm going to look for this author again
Never have I been so disappointed in a book or a character...I never write reviews, but please spare yourselves some frustration... back away from this book..
The story captivated me from The beginning. Adrienne`s life narrative begins with the innocence of a child. Elizabeth Hall does a fine job with her 1st novel.
This book was lively enough to keep me interested and reading to the finished  I was hoping for a different ending.  A happier one, however, it was not to be.
An easy read.  I love it that the fictional story is based on a real mystery and a real ghost<br/>I would love to travel to Colorado to see the site someday.
The author has mixed history and fiction well. Adrienne's character is brought to life well. The subject matter is unusual for the time period but believable.
Good writing and the story was engrossing in the beginning, but it just got disturbing and depressing at the end. Felt it was a waste of my time and emotions.
Interesting title. Fun read.  Held my attention throughout the entire book.<br/>Characters were believable. Reading was fast paced. Mystery level only medium
I found this story thought provoking. It was an edge of your seat type of thriller. If you are at all interested In the paranormal I encourage you to read it.
Excellent book, held my attention completely.  Very graphic in detail and story line is entrancing.  Highly recommended!<br/>Looking forward to her next one!
This was very interesting to read. Never boring. Not too much sexual content, only what was needed to tell the story. A very good book based on actual events.
Words fail me. This was a great mystery but very different from what I normally read.  I highly recommend it to those who 're looking for something different.
This book was very good - I read it in two days<br/>I have to admit it was very sad - a study in tragedy.<br/>So many books, so little time. . .<br/> . . .now to fess up - I really hated the way it ended. I'd like to hear what others think.
Dark and depressing.
Reread the last several pages multiple times. Amazing to see the character let go of her justified pain after being tormented for so long.True to life story.
This book doesn't get interesting until you have read 75% of it.  There is no mention of a ghost until the last two chapters.  Well written but not worth it.
Having been to the Miramont Castle I was anxious to read this.  I enjoyed reading it but I really didn't like the ending.  That's why I gave it only 3 stars.
The blending of fact and fiction as well as disappointing ending leave me feeling let down.  The character development is wasted with the way the story ends.
It was actually a pretty good book. It was the first book I read by the author, and it was a great read. Keeps you on edge about what is going to happen next
This was a story that kept me interested from beginning to end.  I like the fact that the story, even though fiction, was written about a real place and era.
Was not pleased with the ending.  I was not expecting a suicide.  I compare this to the gothic novels from years ago, because they seem to end on a sad note.
Great story line. I enjoyed reading this book very much. I found it fascinating and realizing at the end that it was based on a true story added to my rating
Elizabeth Hall is an excellent writer. The story is gripping, with well developed characters. I could not put the book down. I will read anything she writes!
Enjoyed this easy read.  It did drag on somewhat when Adrienne arrived in America.  I could feel the tension between the aunt and niece throughout the story.
Any ghost story that keeps my attention from start to finish and gives me shivers deserves 4 stars.<br/><br/>Now, I want to go and tour this haunted house!
Seemed very farfetched.  Held my interest enough to see what happened though.  Depressing story in many many ways and I'm almost sorry I finished reading it.
Enjoyed reading this book, started a little confusing but then couldn't stop reading.  Liked the ending with the explanation of of the story it was based on.
I enjoyed this greatly.  Good story and believable characters.  I will be looking for other works by this author.  You see 4 stars I would actually give 4.5!
I love historical fiction and when it's based on actual events, I find it even more intriguing. This book is well written and it held my interest throughout.
Good read but disappointing ending. I was looking for more and it just kinda stopped. Lots of build up. Don't read this if you're looking for a happy ending.
A true Gothic, reminiscent of my favorites. Hall's writing is dark and atmospheric, and the story is compelling. I look forward to another from this author!
I loved the writers ability to balance action with realistic dialogue. I would have given it four stars but I only give those for happy endings. Great book!
I enjoyed this book.  There was history involved which I liked.  The story line is good and it ends as expected.  I would definitely read more of her books.
At the end I was quite dismayed when I the main character died, but after doing a Google search regarding the castle I realized how much I enjoyed the book.
An easy read with a fluid progression. I found it a bit corny in the beginning, rather repetitive at times in the descriptions, but still held my attention.
Was mostly depressing and the characters I liked got killed off quickly. If I had read the history of the house before, it might have been more interesting.
I enjoyed it, I didn't know the story of the Ghost of Miramont, though I had seen the castle in Colorado Springs.  The mystery of the story was interesting.
Slow moving, sad story, with only 1 or 2 like-able characters, with a very anti-climatic ending. I was determined to finish but oh-so-glad when it was over.
I think it started a little slow , then I got half way through it ok sounds good, but I hated the ending.  I feel I wasted time reading this. sorry but true
I liked the book overall, but there were a lot in the book that was just a filler to make the book longer. I would like to go visit the real castle one day.
Mediocre writing, high on the melodrama but an okay quick read. The actual history of the castle is very interesting. More so than the fabricated backstory.
Amazing story. Interesting. Didn't realize it was fiction about true events. Manitou Springs is an interesting place and of course a beautiful place. Good !
Wish I had know at the start that this was based on a true story....b/c I found myself being skeptical  about the happenings. I will now probably reread it.
Very good story and a great story-telling style. You can see and hear things just as if you were there. I couldn't put it down in the last half of the book.
This story grabbed me from the first chapter. It wasn't what I was expecting. It was so much better. Mystery, drama and an unexpected story line. Read this.
I didn't see that ending coming. It's a very well written story; a real page Turner! I'll never pass Miramont Castle again without thinking about this book!
At the end of the book I sit and ponder...Where does resilience of spirit come from? Each character has her own story. There are many ways to save yourself.
Interesting at first but then the story begins to drag. Since the main character is likeable the book is utterly depressing. This book epitomized the saying that "Life sucks and then you die" . I would not recommend it.
I kept reading thinking the central character would get out of her situation. The ending could have been changed to be more dramatic, but it was still good.
Captivating story.  Will be of interest to anyone  who likes historical fiction.  I want to visit Colorado again.<br/>There is much to see in Manitou Spgs.
Kept me going.  Think I was more interested in the setting than the story.  Although upon learning it was based on some fact made it more interesting to me.
The book was worth a read if you're looking for something quick. Not a whole lot of detail or focus on the historical aspects. The ending was disappointing.
This book was so promising, but ended up completely depressing. I feel like I need to go hug a kitten to shake of the gloom and sadness this book envelops.
This was an engrossing book with more depth than the usual ghost stories, unbelievable that it's a true story. Not a literary masterpiece but praiseworthy.
I read this book during my stay in the hospital.  It kept my attention.  I would stay up very late reading. The ending could have been a little less brief.
Ended up being an interesting story, but the first half of the book dragged and some parts seemed unneccessary at times. At least there was a twist ending.
It dragged in some areas then seems to just fly by without much explanation of much towards the end, could have been a really cool story but it was JUST OK
For her first  book writing Elizabeth Hall came out with a well written and intriguing novel that kept your interest from beginning to a surprising finish.
THIS BOOK IS A PARTIALLY TRUE STORY.  I WAS INTERESTED THOROUGHLY TO. CLOSE TO THE END.  I WAS DISAPPOINTED IN THE ENDING AND FELT A NEED FOR MORE CLOSURE.
I typically do not read this type of books and was not sure I would enjoy or if it would keep my interest.....it did and I had finished reading in no time.
Interesting read considering that the book is loosely based on real events, but the title is somewhat misleading. I wasn't thrilled about the way it ended.
Good mystery, well written. I like that it's based on  historical events and real people. The characters are easy to love or hate they are written so well.
Kept my attention to the end.  Showed women; evil and good but also strong-willed and weak.  Not my usual genre so was surprised that it held my attention!
Well written, but overly long to tell a tale of how innocent, good people are abused and die; while their tormentors go free and unpunished. A sad story...
For those who enjoy a wonderful historical mystery, this is the book for you. It is filled with engaging characters, family drama, love lost, and betrayal.
A fast paced story that you hate to put down. Lots of history and touches of psychic abilities as well as a thriller aspect. You won't believe how it ends.
This book was well written and apparently based on some historical facts. I had no idea where this book was going based on the title until nearly the end.
This was a good read.  I enjoyed the bit of history that was mixed in the story.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good mystery .
It is a beautifully written tale that seems to just plod along. I struggled to get through it just to find out if it would end as I had predicted. It did.
The author takes a real place with its real-life mystery and builds a fictional story around it.  It's a cool idea, but the story never really grabbed me.
My sister recommended this book to me . I didn't like any of the characters, The story may have been have  taken from real life, but it sure was a downer.
It was a good story but the last part of the book was sad as was the ending.  I liked the characters as they were interesting. The bad guys were too evil.
It liked the twist's and turns, never really sure where the plot was going.  Normally  I shy away  from ghost stories this one was worth the time! THANKS.
Wonderful read. Keeps you interested. Like the mystery that keeps you going to the next page.  Would recommend to anyone that's likes the 1800s & ghost!!!
Full of similes and metaphors that bring life to the story. Enjoyed and would recommend to anyone who likes a story that is a bit different from the norm.
Great story a hard to read with some of the content and my history a but a great historical mystery. I will look forward to other books by Elizabeth Hall!
Being her first book, the author did a great job of winding the book around so many true facts. She will only get better and better. Write on dear friend.
The writing moved the core story along, but the conclusion was much darker than one might suppose from the story-telling.  I found the denouement jarring.
A lot of build-up but ultimately unsatisfying. Left hanging, much unresolved. Wish for more time spent on death of Ghost and time as presence in the house
The story held my interest right up to the very end.  However, I never expected it to end the way it did.  Sad! Well written but I expected a ghost story.
I live and work near the actual Miramont Castle, so I was interested in reading about the history.  There was too much Fiction in this book for my taste.
It was a good read, the ending somewhat of a twist. Really was able to connect with the main character and her frustrations. A different sort of a story.
Interesting to learn about Miramont Castle, which I have toured in Manitou Springs.<br/>Beautifully written, held my interest throughout, captivating...
An interesting beginning to get you hooked. The storylines of some characters didn't seem completely fleshed out... A very bleak tale with a weak ending.
Very good read. The story was very entertaining and could possibly be true. I'm definitely going to visit Miramont Castle the next time I go to Colorado.
Loved the story told through Adrienne's eyes.  A lesson to not worry about what others think. Just be you.  Would've like to see Adrienne find happiness.
I enjoyed reading this book and plan to read more from this author. Characterization was good and the plot was very good. The ending took me by surprise.
I started reading because I lived in Manitou Spgs once. I got hooked because it seemed typical Gothic until the very end and it got very morbid and sick.
Too slow, too repetitive. It has a descent plot, but the characters are toó weak. I finished because I never leave a book unfinished, bit didnt Enjoy it.
Ms Hall has done an excellent job on her first novel.  The subject and characters are wonderful and what a surprise ending. Well thought out and written.
It was an interesting story, the subject matter is a little questionable but it does happen. I thought it was interesting to mingle fiction with history.
Very well written and interesting characters. This book was difficult to put down. As I live in Denver, I am most interested in visiting Miramont Castle.
Very interesting and captivating. It held my attention for sure! I thought it was written well and I had a hard time putting it down. Different but good.
The book was ok. The end was slightly disappointing in that I don't feel that everything was resolved. I think the book did not live up to its potential.
A spellbinding novel, full of twists and turns, and an ending you won't expect. Aimed at the female reader, but not at all typical of women's literature.
It held my attention. Sorry it wasn't longer. Very nice ending. The characters were very intriguing. Would recommend for people who like historical eras.
I enjoyed the story very much. It had several surprise twists & turns.  It's a mystery based on fact and well done. Ending is sad and a wee bit haunting.
Well written...interesting plot and character developments keep you reading. Content is believable; then it is based on a series of historical documents.
***SPOILERS***  What a huge disappointment.  Don't be fooled by the name - this is not some great ghost story.  I got this as a free download and in spite of some of the disturbing reviews, chose to read it.  I will say that the writing was good, the characters were for the most part, well developed and interesting; it certainly hooked me early on and I was intrigued.  The last quarter of the book was so awful, but I trudged through it in spite of the sickening rape scene and disgusting pedophilia.  I normally don't have a problem putting a book down, but I'll admit that I held out some hope that something good was going to happen to the protagonist, but the ending was just awful.  Not to mention that her creepy cousin was rescued and whisked away from what he should have gotten!  Why would anyone write this garbage?  Don't waste your time.
History with a different twist. If you like mystery and deceit, you will like this one. I will more than likely read other books written by this author.
Could not put it down.<br/>Ending was not what I expected<br/>Turned out to be a sad tale. Unfortunately events like this did and some still do occur.
I didn't enjoy this book at all. It started out very promising, but it went downhill quickly. I kept reading because I thought it would improve, but no.
I enjoyed reading this book but at times the details were often repeated causing me to skip over sections.<br/><br/>Overall it was a pretty good book.
Was really surprised at the end.  Combination of fact and fiction.  Kept waiting for the ghost aspect but you have read through the end to be surprised.
I have always loved reading ghost stories, and one involving a castle, based on fact,  and not too far from my hometown is perfect!!  Thanks Elizabeth!!
A bit fanciful regarding the visions but a compelling story which kept me turning pages to the end, and even more interesting to read the factual info!!
This book just couldn't grab my attention. I thought it be more about ghosts and yet it wasn't. I didn't even want to finish it that's how bored I got.
So good that I didn't want to put it down.  Creepy kind of scary, and so interesting since I live in Colorado Springs, and visit Manitou Springs often!
I read this book on a whim. It was totally captivating. The imagery, character depth...it will draw you in. I would highly recommend reading this book.
It is is interesting and page turning book. It could look like a Cinderella story in some point, but it shows a totally different and surprising turns.
OUTSTANDING NOVEL - THE TYPE OF BOOK YOU WANT TO READ WITH A CUP OF HOT CHOCOLATE ON A RAINY WINDY NIGHT.<br/>MY WIFE READ IT AND THIS IS HER COMMENT.
This book is well written, and fast paced. Although there are some repetitive sentences at times, I guess they are there to reinforce what is happening
Loved the book and couldn't put it down. Really disappointed in the last 25 pages. I felt like there was no true resolution. Maybe that was on purpose.
I did not care for this book. I kept reading thinking something interesting must happen or the characters will be more developed but no. Disappointing.
This story was depressing and drawn out. I found this book to be a waste of my time. You may feel differently depending upon your tolerance for drivel.
Good story but too drawn out.  The twist of the story made it good but sad.  Didn't realize there was some truth to the story till I finished the book.
I was terribly disappointed with this book.  While it was adequately written, it was such a waste of time and the ending was so disappointing as it appeared to be politically motivated.
I liked this book even though I was sleep skeptical in the beginning. Ghost stories really aren't my thing and thankfully this book didn't let me down.
Gripping tale had to keep reading to find out happened I Had hoped for a dramatic and happy ending<br/> Seems like the  villains got away with murder.
The first few pages are amazing, one of the best openers I've read in a long time. Though the ending want particularly satisfying, it's worth the read.
Not a mystery but more like a campfire ghost story. While it kept an interest for the majority of the book, I was left with disappointment at the end.
This novel did not end like I thought it would. I appreciate the author telling me the historical background at the end. It fits in with today's news.
Undeveloped characters and boring plot, but it will cure your insomnia. I could not connect to this book and I really tried. I would not recommend it.
Not too much to say. I should have been a quicker read. The story began well but slowed down too much and ended as a moral tale. Not worth the bother.
Interesting but sad story. I found it was tough to read at times but a good ghost story no less. What can I say, I'm a sucker for a great ghost story.
Good read up to a point.  Was the author in a hurry to finish the book?  Disappointing ending.  I would have taken the story in a different direction.
Interesting story line, the historical detail was lovely and helpfulness of the main character was encouraging.  Nice historical involvement included.
I don't normally read this type of book but I was very intrigued by it. It kept my interest all the way to the last page. The ending was not expected.
I love historical fiction. The story took twists and turns. I was totally surprised by some of those twists and the story did not go where I expected.
A well written tale of loneliness, heartbreak and what it is to be always on the outside. If you're looking for a happy ending, this is not your book.
I wouldn't say "I hate it," because the writer can put a good sentence together.  The writer has more talent than this particular story shows.
I immediately became entranced by Adrienne and her alienation from all around her. I really didn't want it end like it did- she deserved more in life.
Not what I expected but written well. Had thought it would be more suspenseful and haunted with a historical tie in that would be more familiar to me.
Ridiculous plot, gratuitous abuse content. Seemed like another writer finished the novel without reading the previous chapters. Don't waste your time.
I love historical fiction, especially when it takes place in familiar, local places! I will be going to visit Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs soon!
A story, based on actual events. The author's creative license keeps the story well placed. I would have liked more showing and less telling, however.
Historical fiction. Good book. I'm always amazed at the cruelty of selfish people. Well written and very compelling story of love and family and loss.
I am glad I didn't pay for this book. Total waste of time. If you are in to campfire ghost tales, this has the rape and suicide plot to set the story.
This book holds your interest and keeps you guessing until the end.  Knowing that Miramont's castle actually exists makes it all the more intriguing.
This was a enjoyable book.  Good descriptions of the Colorado Springs area.  I liked the premise of the book and the tie in to real historical events
Was very interesting in most of the book but without giving away the ending I must say that the ending and the last 20 pages were very disappointing.
I liked it - it kept me engaged the whole way thru.  It was a quick read.  I liked that it was dark, but I did not find the ending satisfying at all.
A book that captivated my attention.  Great twist to the story at the end.  Would have liked to have had this plot mor developed than just the ending
Misleading title. Although the protagonist is likeable, her story is depressing through and through.  Very few likeable characters in a cast of many.
I was surprised by the feelings portrayed by Adrienne, the story starts a little slow but there are surprising twists & the ending is also a surprise
I finished the story in just two days. I found it hard to put it down. I have always loved historical fiction especially when a good plot is present.
I fell into this story and couldn't put it down. Definitely for any one looking for a good story with some truth. I recommend to all my girl friends!
I would have given this book 5 stars ignited weren't for the ending. I felt the story with this ending was almost too tragic and a bit of a let-down.
If you like well written, dark thrillers set in historic eras, with thoughtful character development, or you like ghost stories, you will enjoy this.
The concept of the story was good overall, but it did not flow well.  I found myself getting bored with the read and putting it down for a day of so.
Enjoyed the book.  Live in the area of Colorado Springs & Manitou and was pleased with the accuracy of the descriptions in the book. Great storyline.
What a depressing book! Don't waste your time expecting it to get more interesting - it never does. Just sort of fizzles to an end. Glad it was free.
I liked the story even though I kept looking fora happy ending for Adrienne.  The author did a nice job of pulling all the pieces together at the end
Follow a clairvoyants life from France to America. This book will keep your attention with a smattering of realism.  In my option, a timeless classic.
I decided to read this because of the great reviews. I was disappointed with the storyline, it started out well but lost my interest halfway through.
It was an interesting story but I felt that it dragged in a lot of places.  Characters were good but took along time to get to the meat of the story.
I bought this book and read it right away.  I love Ghost stories and true ones even more.  This one was disturbing and a bit dragging but still good.
It was an ok book. Extremely depressing. Given what she put up with during her say years, I would have thought she would have been more of a fighter.
Hard to follow at the beginning but shows the good and bad that is found in society. Alicia :-(o shows how bad people can be even so called good ones
Loved that this story was loosely based on real people. Wish the main character had been more resilient and did not have such a defeated disposition.
I found myself reading late into the night, getting carried away with Adrienne's suffering. Miramont's Ghost is a compelling yet heartbreaking story.
The basic story was of interest, but characters were not particularly well drawn.  The unhappy ending resolved nothing, and the plot was predictable.
The book was choppy and characters seemed to be left behind without closure. I had a hard time getting into it and having the book hold my interest.
I got this book on a whim, I'm glad I did.  Very interesting, the characters were well thought out, and I felt like I was in the French Countryside!
It was good since it was based on a true hotel in Colorado Springs, Colorado and the priest who built it.  But the story is sad and ends very badly.
The author has a great writing style ,but the story itself is depressing ! Forced myself to finish reading!  I don't think it would sell as a movie!
I found this book to be written in such a way that it bored me. I found the plot to contrived. I read about 30% of  the book and chose to delete it.
The book dragged on until the end and then all of a sudden it was over. Adrienne deserved to have the love of her short life sweep her off her feet.
Fun story. Excellent historical fiction. Since I live in Colorado, I will make a point of visiting the castle the next time I am in Manitou Springs.
A very emotional book.  Something happening all the time.  Never expected the ending to happen the way it did.  Looking forward to reading it again.
Well written. Keeps your interest. Surprising ending, I never saw that scenario coming. Interesting epilogue that gives actual history to the story.
This is a gripping tale, hard to put down from the beginning!  Loved it!!  Recommend for anyone who enjoys historical fiction based on a true story!
Well written mystery novel. I kept hoping for a nonexistent happy turn of events<br/>Beautiful landscapes with many fine details as to surroundings
Interesting book based on fact.  Would have loved to have seen mother and son get their just rewards but I guess real justice is only in fairy tales
Ms. Hall hijacked all of my senses. I saw through her descriptions the beauty and the grisly. Great prose. Iloved the worthy and despised the perps.
Although a sad tale, the descriptions of France and Colorado are wonderful and you are drawn to the character of the heroine, Adrienne. A good read.
Held my interest until the very end, several twist and turns.  Checked out on internet the place and story read about the same only one is a story.
How does a place cone to be haunted? Ms. Hall does a fine job creating a backstory for a known ghost. Just when you think it can't get any worse...
Great characterization...drama...suspense!  Kept me on the edge of my seat to the end. Hoped for a happier finish...but a haunting one is good too!
Very well done with tons of atmosphere and well paced so the reader figures out the secrets at just the right moments.  I really enjoyed this book.
A well written light mystery. Holds your interest and reads quickly.  End was sudden.  History was documented, interesting, and thought provoking.
This book was like reading three or four books at one time and then you get to the ending and find out it was based on a true story.  It was great
Liked this a lot, stayed up too late a couple of times.  Was especially surprised at the history and factual information at the end.  A good read.
Great read, very captivating. Hard to put down. Wish it had a more upbeat ending though but I guess that the writer wanted to give it a good twist
Writing moves well.  Apt descriptions. Enjoyable! Recommend this book for anyone who enjoys romance and period pieces.<br/>Based on a true story.
An interesting story with quite a surprise ending.<br/>I'm sure you'll enjoy reading a story that has a certain amount of real history behind it.
I thought the book was both entertaining and interesting . I usually do not read this genre of books but found that this was again entertaining .
The story was easy to get into and I was pleasantly surprised at how much I likes this book! Good twist to the book. I would recommend this book.
I really enjoyed reading this book. It kept my interest to the end although I wished the author had written in more about Adreinnes clairvoyance.
I just picked this book randomly. It was okay but did not like the ending. The first 2/3 rds was not bad but the final end was very unsatisfying.
Moved smoothly. Expecting more of romance savior to rescue.  So had some disappointments.  Not a bad read.  Not sure read more of authors novels.
Don't waste your time or money. This was a fairly interesting book until the travesty of an ending. I despise a poorly thought out ending.Awful..
I enjoy historical novels with the basis being true,this made it more interesting.  Me Hall did a good joy and I would like to read more from her
Quite a nice read....... Although it took me a while to sort out all the names and relationships.  Mysterious and compelling. Sad but forthright.
The novel was enjoyable in its gothic trappings. How sad that Hall chose not to end the story in a manner befitting its very detailed beginnings
The story was a good one. But it sort of fizzled in the end. It felt a little abrupt and disappointing. Otherwise, I like the rest of the story.
It's always interesting to read a story based on historical facts.  If I ever get to Manitou Springs, I will check out the castle and its ghost.
I enjoyed this one. The long transcontinental left me feel as lost and hopeless as the lovely protagonist. I found the history interesting also.
I would recommend this book to any reader.  It is great story that kept me interested to see what happened with the twists and life of Adrienne.
This poorly written account is far too fictional for my taste.  Having  visited the castle  (beautiful, by the way) I felt compelled to read it.
Interesting story. Surprising turn of events. I normally don't choose this  subject<br/>matter and probably wouldn't have read it if I'd known.
The story line and details in most of the book I enjoyed very much. But the ending was a little bit of a disappointment. It just felt cut short.
I received a kindle for my anniversary while traveling. I chose Miramont's Ghost as a Kindle First and read this book aloud to my husband as he drove. We both were deeply engrossed from the very first chapter. For a first time author, Elizabeth Hall writes amazing well. She paints a vivid picture for the reader. Her writing style is rich, but not long winded and overloaded with extraneous words. The story is intriguing and well thought out.  The books starts out light and lovely, describing the protagonist in her childhood, well loved and protected by her grandfather. However, the story line progressively gets darker and some of the characters become downright evil. If you want light at the end of the tunnel, do not look for it in this book; there is no relief or revenge or retribution.
Reading the other reviews, I was expecting a bone chilling ghost story. I was disappointed! Not bone chilling, and no where near a ghost story.
Don't remember.  I read to escape.  Only remember the most poignant part in any of the 100 or so books I read each year.  Vaguely, it was okay.
This is a very good book. I am not much of a book reader if the beginning is too slow but this was definitely interesting from start to finish.
Found it to be an interesting read and since I love the supernatural and believe that this ghost is a possibility I read it with great interest
The book was good but I feel like the ending was very sudden. I wish the author would have gone a little bit more of the ghost part at the end.
I only read about 100 pg's and put it down for now.<br/>Just could not get into it.<br/>It was different then the format/subject I read most.
What a great read! The story kept me turning pages. It was also linked to a piece of history I was unaware of. Definitely a book to read again!
I chose this as a free pick and a mutually ended up enjoying the book.  Did not realize until the end that it was loosley based on real events.
Very average.  Characters not flushed out.  Never really got attached to any of the family.  Conclusion is sudden with little built up intrigue
A very intriguing story. Keeps you wanting to know what is coming next. Hard to put down. You have to keep reading, couldn't wait for the end..
I was slightly disappointed in the ending of the book but overall it was an enjoyable and entertaining read that kept me hooked the whole time.
This was a good story based off of true history.  It was tragic so don't expect a happy ending, but it was well written and kept me interested.
I read historical fiction (aka 'romance') to free myself from depressing thoughts. This book did not do that. However, it is very well written.
Well written, but depressing. I kept pushing through the book hoping something positive would happen to poor Audrienne.  A little disappointed
An exciting ghost story and interesting look into the post Napolean era. It gets a little bit slow at times but makes for a very good reading.
The book was well written in keeping with the history of the era. Unfortunately it couldn't hold my attention, it was a little slow in places.
Enjoyed reading it, with all the events that happen and the historic references, but it was sooo sad, it didn't feel happy after finishing it.
One of the most well-written books that I have read in awhile. Totally enthralling. I read it in one day because I just could not put it down.
A nice mixture of mystery, history, love lost, and letting go.  Full of characters to love, and characters to hate, and eventually understand.
Great read. I love the historical parallels. The characters and imagery help you feel as if you are there. I would highly recommend this book.
The history was so real. You can picture events happening and feel the pain and joy of the characters as one generation turns in t o the next.
I was expecting a completely different story than what I read. I was disappointed and a real letdown. The story wasn't too bad just drawn out.
I feel like I cannot say much without spoiling the story, so I will limit myself to saying:  A well-written, enchanting, and worthwhile read.
I love this book,it was very interesting and mysterious the characters are so real and easy to picture. But I kept hoping for a happy ending.
Don't get me wrong, this book is well-written and interesting; I couldn't put it down. But it's very depressing and leaves you feeling empty.
The book started off well.By the middle it just lost momentum and was just gloomy and all the character were miserable. I skipped to the end.
For me, this was a different story line.  But it was very intriguing, well written, fast paced and full of unexpected twists.  Great mystery!
The storyline is intriguing since it is partially based in fact, but it is a very sad story. It's hard to find a silver lining in this book.
The author did a excellent job of integrating fiction into this version of historical events.  I enjoyed the story and found it interesting.
This is perhaps  one of the most depressing book I have read, a Greek tragedy in making. I am not sure what the author was trying to convey.
A little bit of a slow start, but when it picked up I couldn't put it down!  This really is not a ghost story...don't be fooled by the title
The characters are all too real in this engaging and entertaining fiction.  An easy read that takes you to another time in a far away place.
A very convoluted retelling of a ghost story from Colorado. I was hoping to enjoy some historical fiction. This book just left me depressed.
This was a delightful read. The main character Adrienne captures the reader.  The insights into post revolution France are quite intriguing.
I was a little disappointed with this book.  It was rather predictable - not badly written but not as enthralling as I'd hoped it would be.
This was a great book. I got it free, so I wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised, and I would like to read more by this author.
An excellent writer.  I will be watching for future books written by Elizabeth.  Movies fast and challenges your reasoning and imagination.
Great read loved the family dynamics. Amazing feel of places and timelyp<br/>Well fleshed characters and excellent plot that moved quickly
The story line was clear and well planned; the characters were generally well developed. It was just a little more fantasy than I care for.
It kept my interest while waitng to get to the "ghost" part of the story, and was disappointed to find it in just a few pages at the end. There were interesting historical facts at the end though.
I tried following it through at least half the book and then the story and the characters became long and boring. Nothing very imaginative.
I was expecting a paranormal ghost story...but this isn't what the book is.  It is a love story with a ghostly ending.....it was a fun read
This was quite disappointing because it was written so well, but towards the end it just turns into a dreadful story. I'm sorry I read it..
I live in Colorado and have been to the castle. This book is a good read but such a sad story. Glad I read it after being to the real site.
I found this book grabbed hold from chapter one and held my interest till the very end.  Can't wait to visit the castle in the near future.
Total waste of time.  One of the worst books I have ever read - but it was a free Kindle book and only proves that you get what you pay for
It started out great.....very disappointing toward the end. Definitely kept you intrigued but could have done without some of the contents.
Pretty good. Lots of ups and downs. You really root for the main character Adrienne. The ends is shocking. The epilogue is very interesting
So sad, but you won't be able to put it down.  The end is different and not something<br/>You would believe to be true.  Such a surprise!!
The story is very good.  It kept my attention and I did nothing else all day except read.  I would recommend it to anyone liking a mystery.
I would recommend this a good read. Well written. Liked how the story kept you wanting to know more and could not put it down. 4star rating
Was hoping for a mystery. Got a wretched story about a wretched life.  There was no beauty, no hope. Just misery and death of the innocent.
All the old castles, murder, and characters make you unable to stop reading. You can still visit the  castle in Manitoba springs, Colorado.
I was unable to put this book down.  sad story...unhappy ending.  I would have liked to see Adrienne get away....still an engrossing story.
The author wove a spell with her writing. One could picture the characters as they  came to life.  Would recommend this book to my friends.
The first part of the story was interesting but the end was just depressing. I'm not sure if it was a waste of time to have read it or not.
Left me so sad.  So empty.  Not what I expected or wanted. Drawn out in places , I understand the concept but hope should always be there.
I picked from a free offer on Amazon Prime. So glad I did because I loved it from start to the last page. Thank you for writing this book.
Historical fiction is not easily done well. This book had a wonderful blend of fiction, mystery, and truth to make it a captivating story.
Excellent book.  Highly recommend this book to everyone. Excellent story line kept your interest and attention making it hard to put down.
I enjoyed this book very much.  Could hardly put it down.  If you like stories of this time period,, and mystery you will enjoy this book.
This is one book I could not put down especially as it ended.  The facts that were used as a basis for the book really enhanced the story!  It is a sad story, however, and I was sorry to see the main character treated so badly by her family just because she had a "special gift" that turned out to be a liability in those times.
The author keeps the story moving. It was hard to stop reading at the end of each chapter. Many twists and turns. Good historical fiction.
It held your interest from beginning to end. I couldn't put the book down.  It was interesting how the author used real facts with fiction
I love this book! It's so well written that I could hardly put it down. The way the author writes about her characters was so captivating!
Well written.  Held my interest throughout.  Each time I thought it was going to have a predictable outcome,I was surprised.  A good read!
It seems the anticipated "get even" never quite happens.  The story always keeps the reader's interest making it difficult to lay it down.
A very dark tale. Moves swiftly and has historical background. I want to go to Colorado and see the castle. I will read this author again!
I couldn't put the book down but I think that's because I wanted justice and closure for Adrienne. Unfortunately, it just left me haunted.
Pretty fair read,enjoyed for the most. Had a few surprising moments,that add to the story. Not a bright up lifting tale,sad story really.
This book packs a lot of emotional response - especially considering the "back story" revealed as part of the basis for the tale.
Thought I would be reading a story about a ghost.  Most of the book is a very sad story about the life of the woman who became the ghost.
The story is about mean and sick people. There is no redemption of any kind. Too bad. A more optimistic view somewhere could have helped.
Could not stop reading what a surprise ending. I wish it would have ended with her returning to France maybe another book. Great writing.
Surprisingly good book. Great villain. Well written and kept me engaged until the end. Highly recommended. Will read more of this author.
The story was oddly compelling, and I really liked the historical overlay. It starts to fizzle out a little at the end, but I enjoyed it.
I couldn't put this book down. A definite must read! You will find yourself constantly wishing better things would happen for the heroine
Well written story that doesn't go in the direction I was sure it would. An interesting look at the character of people born into wealth.
Ms Hall nails this one with story, style and suspense.<br/>A haunting tale of a very real castle, based on fiction that touches on fact.
I love that the story rang true,throughout the book. All very well could have happened. Didn't love the ending. Did accept it as the end.
This story kept your interest throughout the book even the epilogue. I would recommend this book to everybody. Lots of unexpected twists.
Good read. More true to life of that era than a lot of books I've read. Any one who likes ghost stories and books with history will like.
A little history. A little mystery. A little romance. Nice way to spend a rainy Saturday. Will definitely look for more from this author.
I found the story too sickening.  It was disappointing that Adrienne was not rescued but then I guess not all of life has a happy ending.
I enjoyed this book a lot. I didn't see the ending coming at all and didn't anticipate a lot of what happened. I definitely recommend it.
Twists and turns and unexpected events kept me up late at night to finish this read. So happy to finally read a well written kindle book.
Started off very good- gripping.  Then is started to sag like a roof with heavy snow.  Got to be too sappy, too horrible, too desperate.
The ending was really interesting. I thought that throughout the book it foreshadowed what was going to happen, but I ended up surprised
I felt that this story was very well written. It definitely kept my attention the entire time. I loved that it was based on true events.
The characters are very unique and the story line suspenseful which keeps your interest to see what is going to happen. Really liked it!
Was overall a pretty good read. I was disappointed by the ending, but we don't get to pick the ending when someone else writes the book.
Great beach reading!!! Captures your interest and keeps it !! Unexpected plot twists and changes. Highly recommend for escapism reading.
All sorts of potential in the first half, but most themes introduced in the first half abandoned in the second half. Very disappointing.
you know basically where the story ends since it starts with the ghost twlling it but it was pretty captivating from the first paragraph
Starts out rather well, then gets depressing; the weak characters are just frustrating and the ending has no redeeming qualities at all.
I enjoyed this book, but wanted a different ending. Very interesting that it had historical events tied in, but a bit dark for my taste.
I loved the way the narrator makes the reader feel as if they were actually in the story.  Wonderful dialogue and character development.
It kept me reading so I gave it 3 stars. The ending was anticlimactic and not what I hoped for or I would have given it a higher rating.
The book was very interesting and kept your interest thought out each chapter. I wished the ending would have been happier for Adrianne.
The story captures your attention right away. The characters are artfully done. The ending a surprise and I couldn't put the novel down.
A very good story. A very sad ending. Storyline understandable for the time period.  I recommend it to any reader interested in history.
Although this book did capture my interest, ultimately I felt a certain lack of satisfaction.  The historical aspects were good, though.
This is a interesting read, but a sad and heartbreaking one. You read each page with the hopes that she can find peace or at least help.
I really enjoyed this story. It was hard to put it down. So well written, I had no difficulty envisioning the people, places and events.
Well written and gripping. The author does a great job developing the characters and creating a bond between you and the main character.
Such detailed focus on the childhood of Adrienne leads to an odd, poorly executed and largely unsatisfying ending. I'm glad it was free.
I loved this story.  It was very different than anything I've read before and gave a lot of history combined with an intriguing mystery.
I could not put this book down.  I am normally not a fan of historical books, but this one kept me interested until the end.  Loved it.
I read this in one day because it was so intriguing I had to get to the end. It is a gruesome book...not one to read before bed. Enjoy.
Very spellbinding book, once I started reading I could not stop.  Very interesting and mysterious.  Would recommend. reading this book.
It was a bit predictable in some places.  But I. Liked the paranormal aspect of it quite a lot.  Loved the haunting and final release.
I am going to watch for more books from her.  This being her first book I loved how she picked a place in history and wrote around it.
The writing was that of an experienced writer I am almost sure of it. That's exactly how good it was. Would have liked a better ending
I hate the way it ends, but overall it's a really good book and the author's vocabulary as well as the way it is written is wonderful.
Based on the legend of a ghost in a mansion. Author is very creative and has a great imagination. A well developed and narrated story.
Woven together so well.....really held  my attention.  Also very sad and disturbing at times. Well worth reading. Five stars for sure.
This was definitely an interesting read. The author did a great job of describing each character so well and the end was not expected!
Just when you think you have figured it out, the author throws you a curve. Intriguing story about a real castle. Verrry interesting!?
Took me only a few days to buzz through. I'd recommend if looking for something simple and not particularly taxing on the imagination.
I would easily recommend this book. The characters are well developed. The plot keeps you invested in the story from beginning to end.
Kept me guessing till the end. Very good for those who like historical mysteries.  I loved the way the author brought you full circle.
A gripping story that pulls you along. It is a gift she poses es that causes so her so many problems with family who don't understand.
Interesting story.  The fact that it is based in actual history makes it even more intriguing. I would recommend this title to others.
It was not a bad read I just didn't like the ending,supposed to be a true story so I like actual true stories not mixed like this was.
Couldn't put it down. I was hoping for a happier ending,but it was fitting. Especially after reading about the actual historic events.
It kept my attention. I wanted to finish, you know, so I could find out about the girl. You'll like it if you like historical fiction.
This book was so depressing.  Thought it would get better but never did.  I could say more but don't want to give away the story line.
Loved it until it got too weird and gross. First half great....second half way off the mark. Well written, descriptive but really.....
I enjoyed the book very much. It was an excellent read. Keeps ones interest. The ending was a surprise.  I highly recommend this book.
But then it went from a really good book to a weird, strange and scrappy book. I think the author must have gotten bored or just lazy.
I was caught up with the story right away. It's very well written with detailed descriptions of the characters and their surroundings.
I thought this book was especially well written and liked the fact that some of it was actually true.  I would recommend it to anyone.
A very sad story to read but well written. I was absorbed through the entire hook. Now I want to travel to Colorado to see the castle.
Very sad story filled with heartache and pain. I could mot put it down.  Would highly recommend as it also holds some historical info.
Unlike any book I have read lately.  Could never have guessed the ending. Enjoyed it very much  hope to read more of the authors works
I kept thinking I had figured out the story only to find another twist. I did enjoy the story even though sadness permeated the story.
The ending wasn't what I expected. But then , I guess somebody had to haunt the castle. Kept me interested right up to the end though.
Moves along at a somewhat forced pace. Also ends abruptly. I would donate this book if I had bought it and probably not recommend it.
It was well written, but very sad. Why couldn't Adrienne stand up for herself? Or her mother. They just let Marie walk all over them!
I think I liked this book more than any other I've borrowed from the kindle lending library. Historical fiction is my favorite genre.
I just did not like this book.  Too depressing.  I skipped to the end to see if it got better (unusual for me) and it only got worse.
History comes alive with the added twist of a writer's imagination.  I liked everything except the priest abusing little girls.  Bill
This book was certainly better than I originally thought it might be. It kept my interest and was definitely more than a ghost story.
Not what I was expecting although I guess it was okay.  The writing was fine just not what I was looking for.  No ghost till the end.
I prefer happy endings. After spending so much time reading a story, I want to feel good at the end. Will not read this author again.
This book is very well written, the story is beautifully crafted, very romantic and Renaissance-like feeling.  It was very enjoyable.
It was okay, the title is deceiving. It wasn't so much about a ghost as it was about the tragic and sad life of who became the ghost.
I absolutely loved this book. It is haunting and tragic; the writing and characters rich with detail. Definitely one of my favorites.
An interesting story based on a true story. Glad I don't live that long ago, but love historical fiction. A little slow, a fast read.
A fun read and a twist that could or could not be expected. Read to many books and that's what you get. Well written and imaginative.
I picked this book up a few times before I finally got into it. Once I did though, I could not put it down. Lots of twists and turns.
Well written. Unusual story line, and the documentation given after the end of the book leaves the reader wondering - fact or fiction
Could not lay it down and found the history of the family to be fascinating.  Now I want to see the building that inspired the story.
I<br/>I felt it ended very abruptly it just left you wandering what happened to the priest was he ever confronted about what he did.
Enjoyed reading this book very much. I couldn't put it down.  I would highly recommend it. I will look for more books by this author.
One of the best I have read in a long time. Sad but entertaining.  Will check out her other books.<br/><br/> I highly recommend it.
Basic historical fiction ghost story. Still a fun read for history or paranormal enthusiasts.<br/>One graphic scene towards the end.
i liked that it was part fiction,part fact a little hard at the begining but got better and i liked the ending did not se it comming
The characters were flat and acted as if they were bereft of good sense.  It depressed me.  The ending seemed abrupt and unresolved.
My heart went out to the main character; very well written story, read the last pages in one night I just couldn't put the book down
Wonderful story but then leaves you without any resolution!! All this build-up and no justice! I felt really let down by the ending.
Loved the story and the plot.  Made me research Miramont Castle.  Now I want to visit.  Love history and this was very well written.
Loved this story. Wow, clung on to the story line all the way to the last page. Read it if you want to be drawn into the characters.
I loved it, had just enough intrigue and tragedy to keep me on the edge and waiting for the next time I could pick it up and read it
I really fell in love with the characters in this story.  I had a hard time putting the book down!  I would definitely recommend it!
Had hopes it would be good but it wasn't. Waited for something interesting to happen very disappointed. Not worth buying or reading.
It is a good tale, nice play on a haunted place in the mountains of Colorado. A bit sad for my tastes, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.
I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a well told story. I really couldn't put it down. It draws you in and won't let go.
Well written book. The "tough part" of the story was handled well. I love to read books that are based on historical places.
I love historical fiction. This book weaves a tale that's almost believable! Characters are well developed.  Plot is based on facts.
Wasn't sure at the start. Ended up being a pretty good read and hard to put down. Enjoyed it more than I originally thought I would.
The story was well written. It was a little on the dark side but the story flowed so easy and was so interesting that I didn't mind.
This book was hard to put down.  I lost sleep staying awake to keep reading.  It kept my attention.  Several surprises in the story.
Excellent I couldn't put it down!I it was like being in the castle and walking the hallways!and looking at all the beautiful things.
Very dark, very sad but based on some truths. Interesting read and will be hard to put down. But don't look for a fairy tale ending.
This is a well written tale based on fact. It shows what one tormented woman will do to cover up the truth. Great character studies.
Nice read. Well written fable with interesting historical figures with an unexpected ending. Kudos to EH. WRITE MORE STORIES PLEASE.
It held my interest and the characters are realistic, and the story is unique.  I lived in Denver in my youth and often visit there.
I don't usually read fiction but this book caught my attention immediately. I was happy to learn this book is based on some truths.
I didn't realize this was based on a real place in Colorado. Even so it's more of a drama than a ghost story. I didn't care for it.
Frequently able to predict but some sudden, sharp unexpected turns, not necessarily pleasant but strong enough to keep one reading.
Loved this book.  There were no sub-plots, just descriptive story telling with highs & lows. It was the epilogue that blew me away.
Compelling story well written. Hard to set down. An ending that makes one think and consider emotional choices. Highly recommended.
Ghostly from the beginning. This page turner leaves you wanting more...and there's nothing better than a book based on true events.
Awesome read, I highly recommend it. Well written, interesting plot. Keeps you on your toes, trying to guess what will happen next.
The premise for the story was very interesting.  However, it just seemed to plod on and on.  If it could go wrong, it did go wrong.
Nice historical content.  Only negative is in the title.  It was too far into the book before the reason for the title is revealed.
This is the saddest story I ever read.  Nothing good ever happens.  If you're depressed, this book is definitely should be avoided.
This was a totally different story line and it kept you on the edge of your seat and did not ever go the way you expected. loved it
Wish I had read all the reviews first.  Started off ok, then spiraled downhill, couldn't wait to finish it (and not in a good way).
The story did keep me turning the page waiting for something that never happened.  The story was depressing and the ending was weak
The story was great, the build up was good.  It did feel like the ending came a bit too abruptly, but it was a very enjoyable read.
Great integration of fact with fiction. Could not stop reading it. Definitely recommend reading. I am looking for more of her books
I gave the book three stars only because I felt unfulfilled because the heroine wasn't vindicated. I did enjoy the epilogue though.
The book was a great read and I found myself picking up the book to read more every chance I could.  Well written with a good flow.
The moment I started reading,I could not put it down. I finished it in one night.<br/>It is great reading including the afterword.
Great book- finished it in one setting  found the book to be an interesting read. Look forward to reading more books by this author
I liked the detailed writing about the main characters life. Very easy to read. Sobering story. Sorry to see the main character go.
I enjoyed the writer's descriptive style, but the ending left me disappointed and wondering what was the point of writing the story
Much better ghost stories available. Quite tedious in the telling of the story and development of the characters.  Not recommended.
I appreciated that this book was very well-written and engaging. I could hardly put it down. However, I found it a depressing read.
Interesting story of a Colorado landmark. The ghost part comes in very late in the story. But it makes me want to visit the castle.
The story is wonderfully written and even more captivating knowing it is based on actual events. Great read and interesting facts.
GREAT GHOST STORY ABOUT A FAMOUS HAUNTED MANSION AND IT'S OCCUPANTS.  LOTS OF TWISTS AND TURNS TO THE PLOT.  I ENJOYED READING IT.
Frankly, I never finished reading it. I found it a little too drawn out. It moved back and forth in time which was hard to follow.
It was so different and hard to follow.  It seemed like it was all over for a while but I never expected the girl to be the ghost.
The author made a good effort to provide a historically accurate story, but the pizzazz is just not there.  I was glad to be done.
This was a nice read!  My favorite plot twist I suppose would be the beginning tying back in to the end so well.<br/>A good read!
You won't stop reading until you get to the last page.  It keeps the reader curious of what is gonna happen next.  Nicely written.
This was a believable story of family dynamics with interesting twists. I wanted the heroine to persevere and in her way she does.
From France to America, history and mystery, along with clairvoyance, who could ask for anything more?  I thoroughly recommend it!
I did not like this book. The assualt scene was to graffic as was the suicide. Not a fan of books that deal with pedofile priests.
This books was captivating and intense. It does an excellent job bringing you back in time and making you feel like you are there.
Not much to say an ok read to pass a rainy afternoon  I am not much into supernatural stuff so my Luke warm review may not be fair
Took a long time to get to the plot, then a little disappointed in how things wrapped up.  Felt like it left open some loose ends.
Found out after reading the book that it was based on a true story.  Would rather have read the real account.  I do not recommend.
Picked this out of my prime list and was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed reading this book. I like to read history of sort
Had a hard time not continuing to read the story.  Very well written. I recommend this book to anyone who likes to read mysteries.
I probably won't read anything else by this author. I only read it because it was free. I kept hoping something nice would happen.
I read the forward then part of chapter one<br/>Gave up from boredom<br/>If this book gets interesting at some point let me know
History, romance,mystery and suspense combine to whisk the reader away on an adventure of gothic proportions.  A smooth yet exhilarating read.
Terribly sad story with no point except to incite pity for the protagonist and anger for the villains. Waste of time and emotions.
I like the mixture of history and fiction it made for and interesting story line. I wasn't expecting that twist in the story line.
What a great book. Couldn't put it down. So Vera intriguing and interesting to know so much is factual. Love it. I will read again
This book was actually quite entertaining. Very fascinating to see how the true past was woven with fiction. I would recommend it.
I must admit that I found it hard to put down. So much negative energy. Well written and a need to find more of the authors work..
Nice lit reading.  Another. Time ,another era.  Hopefully we will never go backward to this kind of treatment for being different.
The beginning was so slow I got through the introduction and into the first chapter and quit.  Moved onto more interesting stuff.
Great character development and lots of surprises. Just a few disturbing parts you have to get through but the y 're short-lived.
Read it in 2 days, couldn't wait to find time to finish it... Very well written keeps you in suspense through out the whole book.
I couldn't finish this one.  It was plain it wasn't going to end well and I didn't want to waste my time.  I am glad it was free.
The writing was very description, flowery even.<br/>The story was engaging and flowed quickly. Overall it was an enjoyable book.
This book took about 20 chapters to get me where I wanted to know what was going to happen to Adrienne.<br/>It was a good read .
The book seemed to drag at first but was better towards the end.  It was kind of a true story but I didn't like the way it ended.
Was an interesting read. Wanted there to be more and thought the ending could have been a bit different. Enjoyed it nevertheless.
Interesting book based on historical information.  I would read another book by this author.  Will recommend it to my book group.
The characters are under-developed, and vernacular cliches abound. I put this one down once 40% finished. I couldn't be bothered.
Really enjoy old English and French history. You couldn't put it down. Was a great story with some facts for a snowy cold weekens
Loved the intrigue and mystery wrapped around the facts in this historical novel. A surprise ending. Not the happily ever after .
Interesting enough to keep the pages turning.  Redundant at times, but interesting and enjoyable, a little sad some times though.
Well written. An interesting read. I was glad she finally took charge of her life, and death. A nice time in to historical facts.
Ar first, I liked this story. However, I did not like the ending. However, the author does provide sources for her story choices.
Good story especially interesting historical background.  A bit dark with more evil or weak characters than good ones to balance.
I enjoyed the book and when I discovered it had some historical truth it made it even more interesting. Over all a very good read
Based on true events... sad but a very satisfying story· Left me wanting more·  Wish their was more French history of the family.
What a great surprise this book was!  Lots of mystery to wonder about and it had me from the first page. I hated to put it down.
It kept me wanting to see who would kill each other first.  Always question why the author did not get her out of her situation.
Enjoyed the book very much! Was slow at times, but did manage to keep my interest! I would definitely read another of her books!
well written book, that was compelling to read, but very depressing, overall. Could not put it down, but would not read it again
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. I loved the characters and more than once felt the hair on the back of my neck stand up.
It was an interesting story, kept me interested in the story. The author made it easy to read and you don't get lost at the end.
An odd mystery, yet not.  Not fast moving, old setting, could have been a shorter if the author had redirected some of the plot.
It is a well written book but I was a little disappointed with the ending. It felt like too much suspense was built for nothing!
A somewhat entertaining read, but lots of doom and gloom and which NEVER lets up.  Weak ending....and yet overall, well written.
Well written but too dark for me.  Felt a bit unfinished, the main character was put through the wringer and sort of left there.
I didn't care for it.  It was very dark and depressing.  As far as I'm concerned there were no redeeming qualities in this book.
I put one star but I didn't mean it…….I hope this book is the author's first.  It is very disjointed and the plot is ridiculous.
Interesting read and it held my attention but was a little disappointed with the ending. So much of the story didn't make sense.
Fantastic novel which was full of suspense. Very well written. This was definitely a Page-turner. Would recommend it to friends.
Loved reading this well written, descriptive book.  The days of old captured my every moment.  This was a hard book to put down.
This book kept me interested all the way through. It was a good mystery and I even learned some things about French countryside.
I only got this book because I needed something to read. I found it impossible to put down at times. Turned out to be very good.
The story starts out about a young girl that has visions . About 3/4 it goes down hill and just  becomes morbid and depressing .
What a twist!  I give this book 5 stars!  Never would I have guessed.  A must read for those wanting a thriller from the passed.
Good read. Every turn of the pages leaves you shocked.  Unexpected turns throughout.  Enjoyed it. I would recommend you read it.
This book kept my interest. Lots of twist and turns. Makes me want to visit this castle if I ever get to this area. Interesting!
Engaging storyline although dark,sad.  A good page turner.  Finished in two days.  Book is fiction but based on historical fact.
The end was disappointing, the story somewhat depressing.  Too bad, the plot was decent, but it could have been so much more...
Really sucks you in, but the ending pissed me off completely. I think the author didn't know how to end it. It was a a cop out.
Ok story, but it didn't capture me quickly.  Easy to read.  Recommend for young adult and older.  Kept me slightly entertained.
This wasn't a favorite read but I did enjoy reading it. I was surprised to find out that a lot of it was based on a true story.
Inventive story loosely based on fact. Very depressing story. If you are looking for something uplifting, this is not the book.
If the story wasn't so disturbing I think I would have given it five stars. What makes it worse is the story is based on truth.
this book took me a while to get used to. It kept making funny (not haha) turns. I was surprise to find out it was mostly true.
A well elaborated and  very addictive story!  The kind of book that once you start reading it,you're not going to want to stop.
great book, especially if you have seen the house!  Brings is all to life.  If you haven't seen the house it is worth the trip!
Boring.  Kept on going and going and going...it had a promising start but lost it midway through.  Don't recommend this at all.
Farfetched but an enjoyable read. In view of the scandals in the Roman Catholic Church of pedophile priests quite contemporary
This novel is riveting from beginning to end, made even more intriguing because it is based on real people and places.<br/>pb
It is written well. Even the slow parts keep you wanting to read. And when you get to the reveals you are blindsided. Awesome!
A captivating  story that draws you in  to the characters,the  story they have to tell and the events. Will tug on your heart!
I liked this book. It told a story of a girl who was different and how she was treated.  I liked the history behind the story.
Interesting read kept me interested andwanting to read more. Especially liked that it was linked to actual places and stories.
Interesting, loved reading it. I can't remember being so angry. I am so glad I left the Catholic church<br/>Christine Bullion
I could not put it down, I  highly recommend it. It is very well written and the historic facts afterward made it even better.
Seriously one of the best books I have read in a while. Couldn't put it down. Unexpected ending that stirred so many emotions.
Best read I have had in quite some time.  If you like history mysteries, this book will keep you riveted to your reading seat.
Nice details ..the mystery is good. Great way to twist the events and happening. I could feel the sadness. Will look for more.
Liked the writing and the characters. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a little X-Files in their historical fiction.
Wow! This book was amazing. It had enough true history mixed with fiction to keep me interested and reading nonstop. Excellent
I liked the way the author wove "gossip" with history. Entertaining short read. I'm looking forward to reading her next novel.
Keeps you interested in reading the next page. What a great new author to keep an eye on. I love the mix of facts and fiction.
The story is long and very tragic. A believable tale of evil and cover-up. A reminder of how tragic things were in the 1800's.
An interesting story woven using some historic facts.  The moral of the story is probably the most memorable fact in the book.
The book held my interest. I was surprised at the ending. It ended like it should, not the ending I was guessing it would be.
I kept hopping for a shred of happiness for Adrienne.  Parts were hard to read.  It kept me intrigued and turning every page.
Not at all spooky, just a depressing, frustrating storey that left me with questions and wondering why I read the whole book.
Interesting story that ended too soon. It felt like there was more story to tell. It wasn't predictable, which is refreshing.
I enjoyed this book , but I am 81 and read a lot and yet don't always remember a lot unless I<br/>start re-reading it,  Lila
Very well written, but terribly sad. The characters were very real perhaps that's why it affected so much. A good read though
This was a good read, I enjoyed that this novel was based on a real place and wove many historical references into the story.
One of the worst books I've ever read.  If it weren't for the continued train wreck like allure, I wouldn't have finished it.
I liked the first part of the book better than the rest. I know the title says "ghost" but it is difficult to accept!
If you like a sad storyline without any hope of happiness, then this is a book for you. This  book just wasn't my cup of tea.
I liked the book, based on fact and some fiction and I pray if it is true , Adrienne made her presence known, then went home.
Disappointed in this book...I guess I didn't  read the reviews ..I kept thinking it was going to get better...very depressing
Facts intertwined with fiction produced a work I could not put down.  Read it, enjoy it, and you will finish it quickly, too.
There are no ghosts! Just horrible family members with mental problems. Not really mysterious. There are very few mysteries. Just depressing. The first half is decent, and you think it's leading up to this big cathartic ending where the lead character gets SOME sort of justice. But no, her life keeps getting worse and worse. People keep torturing her. Chapter after chapter telling us how alone she is, how horrible her life has always been, how her family keeps finding more ways t hurt her, how many thoughts and plans she has of escaping, of finding justice, of punishing those who are hurting her. But in the end, none of it happens. I feel like I need counseling after reading this garbage.
Adrienne had me captured from the very beginning.  I felt myself entering her soul. I felt her emotions right along with her.
This book is very hard read at times because it can be violent and sad but it is so powerfully written it's  hard to put down
Enjoyed this one but ending was lackluster and I'm not sure there was even a climax.  Still, would look for this author again
One of the best books I  have ever read. I couldn't<br/>. Wait to read the next page. I. Will be sure to read her next book.
Great novel. Read in two nights.  Beginning is confusing and ending surprisingly sad. Story keeps you guessing until the end.
Story was unconventional and kept my interest until the end.  Dislike being told how many words to write for a review though.
I don't read a lot it has to be a really good book and this book sucked me in from the very beginning I couldn't put it down
The book was just fair. A bit too much repetitive detail. It held my interest, but not a story I'd rave about to my friends.
Just when you expect the story to become clear and the characters to overcome, it fell flat. Definitely not what I expected.
this was an incredibly sad story - i just kept waiting for her to overcome the obstacles.  more detail will spoil the story.
Did not understand that I was reading a ghost story into the end. Such a sad and abrupt ending! I wanted for her to survive.
Story was good but so slow. I would say only the last few chapters were great. Long story and just uneventful until the end.
I really enjoyed this book but i was let down by the end of the book.  Great story too follow but the ending was a key down.
It was not what I expected but it made it more interesting that way especially since there were facts weaved into the story.
Good story, interesting and well written. Details of the era were informative and was surprised to find out parts were true.
Couldn't put it down.  Great characters. Good pacing. Interesting. Good plot twists. Tragic. I can't wait for her next book!
I found the story interesting but wordey. I believe the author has significant talent but does need a more competent editor.
Suspense till the very ending.  Makes the reader ponder many emotions and motivations. Very hard book to put down.<br/>Anon
Not exactly what I expected but good nonetheless. Pretty cool to know that a large part of the story is true. Worth the time
I kept reading, hoping for a happy turn of events, but ended the story feeling sad and disappointed. I prefer happy endings!
I would recommend this book to anyone who likes books set with a historical background and has a pinch of paranormal flavor.
An intense story that was difficult to put down. Well written characters and spellbinding plot kept me coming back for more.
This story was well written and kept my attention. I like it very much!! The characters were well thought out and had depth.
A very engaging read.  Makes you actually feel for the young girl, and hate the villains.  Great first novel for this author
This story kept me reading, gave it a 3 star rating because it was good. Great ending and liked that it was part if history.
Intriguing and sad about this girl so misunderstood. Sad to think this probably happened in the world back then. Wasted life
It just didn't grab me. I had to force myself to keep reading.  I was disappointed.<br/>I don't think I would recommend it.
Although I found elements of other fictional stories, it was a good read. Once I was half way through I couldn't put it down
I was not ready for the depth, thoughtfulness, and charm of this novel. It was incredible. I highly recommend it to anyone.
It was suspenseful and I wanted to keep reading but it just left me thoroughly disturbed and sad.  Too dark and sad for me.
This book is very enthralling. I liked the storyline and how the characters were very believable. I also liked the setting.
Interesting story but somewhat long and drawn out. It got a bit depressing at the end. Some of the story is based on facts.
Very captivating but ends on a note that will leave the readers burdened. Not a light read but storyline is smooth and rich
Great blend of historical and fantasy! It kept me interested throughout the book. I'd for sure recommend it as a good read.
The author captured the historical telling well, easy to be drawn into their era and follow the tragic tale of the heroine.
Not a bad story, more of a "pre-ghost" story.  Characters were somewhat black and white, but still kept me engaged.
A sad story. Would like to visit the "Castle" And find the hidden rooms. Always good to read stories based on fact.
Fabulous story, magnificent setting, it is so much more than historical fiction.  Can't wait to read more from this author.
Could not put this one down full of twists and turns interesting start to finish. I would definitely recommend this book.!!
it was a good read. Not exactly a nail biter. but it had me wondering who/what/when<br/>I think it would make a good movie
As a lover of history and mystery, I found this story to be intriguing enough to hold my interest. It was hard to put down.
I would recommend this book as a beginning mystery. It kept my interest. How would you as a reader choose to end this book.
If you are someone who craves happy endings this isn't for you. Well written, engaging, but terribly depressing at the end.
It kept me in the book but it didn't have the suspicious thoughts about the ending as I like.<br/>Good for causal reading.
I love to read all kinds of books but I had a very hard time finishing it. I kept waiting for a better plot to materialized
I couldn't believe this was a first novel! Liked the historical notes at the end and how she used them to create her story.
This book was well crafted. The layers and details were superbly set. I enjoyed this book and would recommend it to anyone.
This book is well written, a real page turner. The twists and turns and ultimate outcome make it an usually gripping story.
The book storyline kept changing.... unfortunate that the story ended the way it did... Not always a happy ending though...
Really liked this book! Almost did not read due to some negative reviews, but I highly recommend! So glad I did not listen!
Good story - good characters - good plot. Full of suspense. It was hard to put down after the midpoint. Simply a good read.
Enjoyed reading this book.  Found it hard to put down especially the second half.  Interesting story built on some history.
Great characters and a haunting story. Beautiful and sad. this was the author's first novel and I'm really quite impressed.
Thoroughly enjoyed this story which kept me guessing all the way.  Would make a good book club book.  Great for discussion.
Good read but sad. I would have liked it to end better. Story was interesting and based on some true events. Worth reading.
You do not want to put it down. Very interesting facts to learn from, and written in a manor for enjoyment. I recommend it.
Got off to a slow start, but was very good.  A little different from what I'm used to reading, so I'm surprised I liked it.
This was an interesting book. I found the first part of the story moved much quicker then the last. But was worth the read.
I really enjoyed reading this book.  In fact, I could hardly put it down.... until the last chapter or two. Worth the read.
Captivating read!  Well written with great character development.  I couldn't put the book down and read it in one sitting.
What a great story this was. I couldn't put it down. The plot kept me hooked. Please keep writing more books like this!!!!!
It was easy for me to read. The words flowed together well. I was disappointed with the ending.  Best wishes to the author.
Pretty good read, keeps the reader guessing. The ending of the story is quite unexpected. Well done and is entertaining ...
the story held my attention all in all it was really a good story line. it moved right along and did not drag which I like
A story of a girl with special powers.  Not everyone is accepting, which put her in danger.  Watch out for evil relatives!
Enjoyed the story very much as I know about the Shrine at Lorreto and find all that history very interesting and puzzling.
Adrienne deserved so much more goodness in her life. You are left wondering why....how...could it end this way? So unfair.
Story dragged on and on.  No redeeming qualities. Sorry I paid money for it.  Would not read anything else by this author.
Very suspenseful, this one really took some turns.  Makes your heart ache, the twist this one takes are really surprising.
It was fascinating but had a very sad ending.  Good but not so good that I would keep seeking out other books by Ms. Hall.
A can't put down read. Would have been 5 stars but was a little disappointed with ended. Other than that I really enjoyed.
I  really enjoyed this. It held me captive wondering if Adrienne would pick up and leave. The ending was well thought out.
A good book. I had to keep reading to find out what would happen next. Surprised to find out it was based on a true story.
This book is a page turner. I had no idea how it was going to end! I live in Denver so now I HAVE to check out this castle
Good story all the way through, but didn't love the ending.  Author is great at descriptive writing and good story teller.
It was ok... An easy read with a couple of decent twists... I would have liked to have connected with the characters more.
Great book--very difficult to put it down.  The ending was not what I expected--but it certainly went along with the book.
I loved this book. I couldn't put it down. The sad twist at the end made my heart break. I was hoping for a better ending.
Well written, but unsatisfying plot and ending. Not one of those books that makes you fell better or wiser for reading it.
4 star because it kept my interest. It's a quick read. Story is based on true story. But,not a great read. Good beach book
A historical mystery that leads you along a journey of tragedy and betrayal.  It was a good read and I would recommend it.
Very disappointing. Only finished because I didn't have anything else to read.  Story was okay but it's not about a ghost.
Miramont's ghost was a book I couldn't put down. Simply fascinating to read. I would recommend reading this fiction story.
This book is a heartbreaking story of a young clairvoyant girl in 19th century France, made to believe she was damaged and freakish and thus unfit to live among others.  She is unprotected by weak parents and exploited by an evil aunt and cousin.  The story goes from sad horrifying as Adrienne's life gets worse and worse.  The ending is tragic and it is never clear if the truly evil characters in the story are ever made to atone for their sins.  The book is well-written and I did not want to put it down.  I kept wishing I could somehow sweep in and rescue poor Adrienne from the horror of her life.  Not really a ghost-story, but a gripping read for sure.
I am so glad I chose this book as my Kindle First. What a great read! I don't think it is as dark as others have described. Is it a happily ever after story? No. While it does deal with sensitive topics, they were well written and only one part was graphic. The writing is excellent and I read this book in a day, unwilling and unable to set it aside for more than 10-15 minutes before I was drawn back to it.<br/><br/>The historic notes provided at the end really help provide some background that helps parts of the story make more sense. You can't help but root for Adrienne. The ending was surprising but fitting for where this young girl's life ended up.
Story sucks you in. You continue to have hope for Adrienne. Fiction book but liked that it was based on true story vents.
Good reads! Enjoyed. Well written and detailed. Felt like I was in locale of France. Will read more of Miss Hall's books.
This story kept me on the edges of my seat. Right up until the incident with the kitchen knife - then I was disappointed.
A good historical mystery based on actual people times & places.  Plot is based on the people, time, & places. Good read.
A little difficult at first to get into however once engrossed in pages hard to put down. Poor little girl shame on them.
I enjoyed reading about a place where one can actually visit and read some of the fictionalized history about it as well.
The POV is inconsistent, and the author twists an otherwise great setup to make it fit less interesting historical facts.
Too sad. No justice for Adrienne, or retribution towards Marie or Father Julien.<br/>This will haunt me for a long time.
It kept my attention, but fell short at the end. I felt that the first half was good, but the last chapters lacked depth.
This was an very interesting book and will read some more of Ms. Hall's books<br/>I loved this so much. Avery good read.
I really liked this story. It was captivating, well written and heart wrenching. I could have read it for 300 more pages!
This is a Good piece of historical fiction, although the book was somewhat predictable.  I very much disliked the ending.
I enjoy reading novels based on history and was happy to discover in the Afterword the pieces of history it was based on.
I loved how this book me back in France from many different character ideas. It was a mystery a love story and historical
Good book. I enjoyed reading it. It definitely had a message to convey at the end! Sadly likely more truth than fiction..
Is there a follow up or another one after by Elizabeth Hall. She is a wonderful Author and keeps the reader wanting more.
A haunting little story of how a ghost came to be - this story was well written, sad,  and left me wanting a little more.
Loved the descriptions of France and it's small villages! Then , on to Santa Fe and some interesting history of the area.
I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes a quick, good read.  Entertaining with a a real twist you'll find surprising.
It was a page turner but ended weak. However, the factual info after the end of book made the book much more interesting.
For the first half of this book, I couldn't put it down! After reading the second half, I wish I had. Very disappointing.
Captivating!!  Held my attention to the very end.  Can not wait to make plans to travel to Colorado to visit the Mansion!
I almost always enjoy stories that are based on actual real historical information.  This made me want to visit Miramont!
I was intrigued from the beginning. The characters were so real and tragic, they held my attention right to the very end.
Not Bad. I kept waiting for the mystery to unfold, but it never materialized. Still, it keeps you interested and reading.
It was a very tragic well written story. I also enjoyed the historical elements the story is based on. Would recommend it
The book started with and interesting story, but just sorta fell flat<br/>There was no resolution, or feeling of closure
Wonderful story. It was very  hard to put it down. Looking forward to her next book. Talented writer. Highly recommended.
The book had a wrong ending.  It could have ended with a better acknowledgement towards the mystic element it began with.
I liked this story and liked that it was based in fact.  The story<br/>held my interest.  Reading it went fast and easy.
The book kept me entranced all through. I wish the priest would have gotten what he deserved. But otherwise a great book.
It moved right along.  It was disturbing that a young woman's<br/>Mother would not protect her from her extended family.
This story is interesting, historical, and a page Turner. You do not want to stop reading. I would definitely recommend.
I enjoyed this book a lot. Nice pleasant read. The end was good but not as I expected so u have to read the entire book.
Somewhat interesting but a very poor ending.  I stuck with this but was disappointed in the ending.  Cannot recomend it.
This was a most unusual story. Very imaginative. I was hoping for some justice but that didn't keep me from enjoying it.
Interesting story. The ghost so not revealed until the very last. Too bad her bones were never discovered.  Still there?
It grabs and pulls you in.  A sad story as well.. This is a brand new author..  I would consider her next book as well..
Enjoyed the book.  Some pretty dark charcters.  Interesting historical fiction.  Makes me want to check into the story!.
Enjoyed the story and history behind the book.<br/>Author made you feel like a movie was playing before your very eyes.
I really liked this book. It had me wanting to never put it down. It was happy, sad, terrifying, and magical all in one.
Interesting story about a girl who is mistreated by her family.  I like the historical reference of France and Colorado.
Interesting fictional plot based on factual events. Couldn't wait to see how it would end. Wasn't ending I had hope for.
Very well written and page by page made me feel like I was there...historical and ghostly..what more could one ask for..
I enjoyed the book and would give five stars, but I occasionally found that I was able to easily predict ahead at times.
This was a good book but didn't turn out they way I thought or hoped it would so I was a bit disappointed in the ending.
I enjoyed this story but initially it was hard to get into. Be warned, it's very dark, but overall, an interesting read.
Very well written. This novel was a fast read. The characters are intriguing and horrific. Do not expect a happy ending.
A great read filled with real life characters and interesting places wrapped up in an engaging storyline. Don't miss it.
Really liked that it was based in Colorado Springs and Manitou Springs. I am wondering how historically accurate it was.
This was a wonderful story...I could not put it down!<br/>The writing was well done and allowed for easy visualization!
I enjoyed this book and would recommend it.  I had hoped it would end differently but the story moved along never boring
It was interesting even tho it was fictional.with some true aspect to it. I will try to find another book of this type .
I would recommend anyone that ever was in a position that was life changing, but learned to let it go and rise above it.
Kept reading hoping for a better story to the plot.  Sad all the way thru, in my opinion and then, a predictable ending.
This was an easy read. Kept me turning pages. Nice work of historical fiction. I look forward to visiting Colorado soon.
Good,suspenseful book but has a lot of loose ends that left me disappointed with the ending. Makes you wish for a sequel
Intriguing mystery in the tradition of Victoria Holt. I like the fact that the story is based on truth. Would recommend.
I chose this book based on the description i'd read.  I enjoyed it, and didn't anticipate the ending.  I'd recommend it.
An excellent read looking forward to reading more of her works as they become available, couldn't put it down. Loved it.
To predictable, needed some surprises and a happy ending bit of a downer. Lacking imagination on the part of characters,
Very interesting and who could predict the twist and turns of Adriennes life. Good Read..I would read this author again.
This is a most depressing and disturbing book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.  I am sorry I read this book.
Found this book to be a nail biter,never saw the ending coming. Would of liked a few parts to of moved a little quicker.
Awesome book, I read it in two days.<br/>It's worth the money. Great author. Couldn't put the book down if I wanted to
I was enjoying the setting, the characters, and the story line until things got graphic and disturbing then I stopped reading.
I felt it was a complete waste of time! Anything I say to critic it might give away the end but I was left unsatisfied.
Not my kind of book. Found the characters lifeless and the story line drab and slow. Weak conclusion too in my opinion.
This is a good book. It kept me reading til the end result. It was a fast read. I don't usually read this type of book.
The book was a slow read. Depressing from start to finish. No grammatical or spelling errors, just gloom, gloom, gloom.
I really enjoyed this story. It was heart wrenching and compelling. The kind of book that I hate to put down.Well done.
This was a great novel, so intriguing even tho often books set in that time period can be dull.  Great read for anyone.
I couldn't put it down. Not your standard fare, with twists and turns in every chapter. Great for suspense enthusiasts.
I love when history merges with fiction to put a good spin on a historical event.  This story is a quick but good read.
Enjoyed the book, one of the best books I have the pleasure of reading recently.<br/>Looking forward to her next book.
This is a good read and a wonderful way to create an answer to a century old mystery with fascinating characters<br/>.
This situation was very sad and the tragic end of Adrienne was not the way that I would have liked the story to finish.
Kept my interest .Easy read. A good book to fill time with. Written with enough story line and plot to keep me reading.
The story was interesting. I was aware until the afterword the story is based on real people, places, and occurrences.
There are several interesting characters, all very different from one another.  The ending was a bit unexpected to me.
This book had the feel of a classic Victorian novel, but with some very modern twists that led to a surprising ending.
It's a good book, keeps you guessing & on your toes. I wish it would've ended differently but it's still a great book.
I read a lot of books and right now I can't remember much about the book other than I really enjoyed reading the book.
This book keeps you on the edge of your seat.....but let's you down in the end.......But....... I did enjoy it!!!!!!!!
Maybe if I could have gotten past chapter five, but a readable story just was not there for me. A real disappointment.
Was a.good book the history is fascinating also. Being a Colorado native the book is good. Enjoyed areas I lived near.
What a nice surprise.  Lots of history spun into a fast paced story.  Held my attention throughout.  Hard to put down.
I liked the fact that fiction was woven around historical and documented facts.  This author is a gifted story teller.
Not a book to curl up with for a warm feeling.  After reading it, I feel like I need to poke a eye out to feel better.
Amazing to think that people may really have lived like this.  Much of the story was loosely based on real characters.
It was okay. The beginning was promising, then the plot went downhill. Terrible ending, no sense of closure or finish.
Very well written. A real attention getter<br/>  At times I couldn't put it down. I really enjoyed reading this book.
Story was interesting. Found I had trouble putting it down at times. Outcome not what I expected. Enjoyed this author.
Really good book. Very entertaining and kept me in suspense as to what would happen next. I will recommend to friends.
Couldn't put it down. Great story. Easy read. I really liked the history too. Very interesting. Very very  very good.
I like this book. It was spell binding and very entertaining. I like to read books that have a historical background.
I liked the book life was so different in those times. I was a little surprised at the ending, but it was a good read
I Loved the writing style. Story was rich, but the ending dropped off. Would recommend for a friend. Great storyline.
This was a surprising book.  It didn't end as I expected but it was hard to put this book down.  Interesting concept.
The book started promisingly but seemed to wrap up very rapidly at the end leaving you despondent and with questions.
I would rate it a 5 star.  It was a sad story.  I was hoping for a happy ending.  I would recommend it to my friends.
It was a good story except it just got more and more depressing when I realized it wasn't going to be a happy ending.
Enjoyed the book, well written, with a surprise ending! Would have preferred a happier ending. In all very enjoyable.
Once I started reading I could not stop until the last page. I recommend curling up with this book on a long weekend.
A decent plot, but it took awhile to get my interest and it wasn't a book that I had to read more of in one sitting..
Kept my interest. Wanting to turn the page to see what twist was going to take. Sad story to think that could happen.
Looking forward to reading other books by Elizabeth hall.  She did do her research, nice job. I couldn't put it down.
Not to give anything away. I will say, once I started reading, I couldn't stop. It's not your USUAL story. Good Read.
Didn't like it at first but peaked a interest later on I would recommend it .  Keep reading and it will surprise you.
I enjoyed this book! Read it from beginning to end in a day. It was hard to put down as the story was constant drama.
Actually liked the book until it became clear that nothing good was going to happen and then it was just depressing.
Ok story-had a hard time finishing. First 3/4's or so, I had a hard time putting it down; but fizzled toward the end
I enjoyed the beginning of this book.  The fictionalized portions were much better than those based on a true story.
This was a great tale! Read it in its entirety on my flights to Boston and back!!  I definitely recommend this book.
Saw the cover on a kindle ad and decided to try it. Very good book! I like the way it moved along. Hard to put down!
Very interesting with lots of real facts mixed in with the fiction. Would like to visit this site one of these days.
Nothing good happens in this book. If this was a paperback or hardcover book I would have thrown it across the room.
Paints a vivid picture with Her words. Allows the reader to fully put their imagination to use. Very enjoyable read.
The story kept my attention but was light and easy to read.  Based on some history always makes a story interesting.
This was a well written book. I was drawn in from beginning to the end. I have recommended it to friends and family.
I enjoyed the suspense, and the old world setting of this book. Be prepared for the surprising twists along the way!
Something about the book was lacking. I was intrigued by the concept, but it fell short of my expectations. Skip it.
Loved this book.  It kept me hooked from beginning to end.  Another good read but I didn't expect the outcome at all
Wonderfully crafted tale that drew me along straight to the end. Couldn't put it down and read it in under two days.
I read this straight through, and plan to check to see if perhaps there's a sequel/prequel about Marie's early life.
I had high expectations for this story. Unfortunately this story dragged on and on. I would not recommend this book.
The story transported me back to the 1850 to 1912 while addressing the issues the church is facing in 2000 century.
It is a good ghost story we wish they would've introduced the ghost somewhere earlier in the book; interesting read
The story is well built, and the end was unexpected for me... although I should have guessed from the book's title.
Fantastic story and didn't even know it was a true story until I finished it!  Highly recommend it!  Well worth it!
Quick read; nice work of fiction. The pace is nice, just enough details to keep you going without getting saturated
I enjoyed the story it made it even better that parts of it were true.  Very interesting story line wonderful read.
I loved this mystery.  Never wanted to put the book down. If you like mysteries I would highly recommend this book.
Liked the introduction, am saving the  book till a later date.  will review when I can relax and read all my books.
A few more twist and turns needed but overall a delightful suspense<br/>One of the first books I've read in awhile
So many secrets in this book. The write up does not give you a clue about what truly is included in the story line.
The story was a little slow to start then became more interesting. Not sure why the ghost part was only at the end.
Just kind of keeps going, it was a really good first half, and then really got slow and lost the point of the story
I found it impossible to believe that the little girl could know what was happening on the other side of the world.
I was greatly disappointed at the ending. I know that so many people have gotten away with this sort of thing.
I liked how the story followed the young girl. Also, the ending is important to me and this book didn't disappoint.
This story starts out with a lot of promise, but sprials down into darkness and despair. I didn't much care for it.
A very entertaining novel, hard to put down, loved the ending. I will definitely read more novels from this writer.
The writing was balanced between rich description and an intriguing storyline.  Got too melodramatic at the finale.
My kind of book.  Miramont's Ghost wove a fantastic possibility around a real place.  Well written and captivating.
I couldn't recommend this book to anyone. It was very disheartening and I hope I never read anything this bad again
A well written book, but depressing. I thought it was going to be a good ghost story, but a depressing book instead
Not the the conclusion I hoped for. I did indeed enjoy the history lesson. It was very descriptive in the settings.
Very well written. Looking forward to reading more from this author.  Read the book start to finish in one setting.
This book was very well written with lots of little twists and turns that kept me guessing. I couldn't put it down.
This story is just plain sad.  It seems well written with a good story line but dang, the ending is just plain sad.
A page Turner.<br/>I wish you didn't have to add so many words to express how you feel about a book you just read.
I couldn't put it down.  It is .well written and gives a look into the past that makes me want to do some research.
I did not expect the ending to go like that. I enjoyed the book very much.It was a story and historically accurate.
I'm sorry I bought this book and sorrier still that I wasted my time reading it.  I'd advise you to skip this one!
The concept intrigued me however, the story line just got sillier as the book progressed. Read it for a light read
Awesome piece of work! I Could not stop reading it...for anyone that loves a good  story  with  a surprise  ending
The book was an interesting read.  Although it is "fiction", I plan to look deeper into the history of the region.
Loved following the mystery with every step.  It was compelling all the way with a good bit of shock for interest.
I lived in this area for many years so I was drawn to the story. I enjoyed the story. It did need a better ending.
This is a must for lovers of historical fiction and mystery. There were surprises and twists throughout the story.
Loving this book. Not quite finished yet but enjoying all the twists and turns. Can't wait to find out the secret.
This is one of those books you just can't put down. Goes through the generations with a surprise ending. Loved it.
i'm still remembering it after reading it several months ago....  the twists and unexpected turns in the story....
Interesting story.  A sad story about how a ghost comes to haunt a particular house and why but not a scary story.
Now that I've read this and recommended it to friends and family, I'd love to see the story played out in a movie!
Well written.  I was looking for action and this was not. A good story once it got going but depressing by nature.
Good read - a real place and real people with a bit of fiction thrown in. A bit too melancholy but enjoyed anyway.
Hard to put down. Great that it is partly based on fact!! Interesting scenario.  I highly that recommend this book
Horrible book! One downer after another. Poor author must have had a miserable childhood. Sorry she took my time!!
Easy read.  I just wished for a different ending. More follow up with the two main villains would have been better
I loved it, and even more so since I live in Colorado.  History included, and it made the site come to life again.
Good book. It held my attention I would recommend it to my friends. I enjoyed reading at the end the nonfictional.
The book was good for the most part. Some parts dragged a little. I liked that part of it was based on real people
I had a hard time putting the book down.  I was very disappointed with the ending.  I like to see justice for all.
Up for two nights reading this book.... I had a hard time putting it down, just needed to know what happened next.
Bought for my wife's kindle. Miramont Castle is a local landmark so she found it very interesting and informative.
A very historical story of love, sadness, and betrayal. How the life of a person can be changed? Very interesting!
I felt I was in a dream world thru most of this book. And when I was close to the end, the dream stopped suddenly!
This is a wonderful story but extremely sad - there is no real "resolution" which is why I didn't give it 5 stars.
A very engaging story...a page Turner! An ending I didn't expect! Wow! I enjoyed reading this book. Two thumbs up!
Interesting take on a local ghost story written as a historical fiction.  I truly felt bad for the main character.
Enjoyed the story. We live in Colorado so we can relate to the area that is talked about. I found it entertaining.
fairly welll written but a very negative overall feeling from the story. I really wished I would not have read it.
Started out really well but, it seemed to just be cut short.  Felt let down after the build up of the characters.
Some factual history always makes for a great story. I still wanted to know more about the story so looked it up.
It took way to long to get to the real story. Then it was over. The ending is a real let down even if it is true.
Interesting during the early 1900's and the Catholic Church in the US.  The negative efforts of one's own family.
Loved it-couldn't hardly put it down.  A little different from your normal murder mystery, but still a good read.
Slow moving.  Disappointing ending.  Lacks any real surprises or sub-plots.  Don't waste your time with this one.
Interesting ending ... not at all what I expected.  Interesting that it's "based" lightly on real people.
I chose thus rating because the topic was well written and researched but too sad for me. I prefer happy endings.
Very exciting story of a factual background. It kept me glued to my seat till I finished. It is a good selection.
This book was a quick read.  The main character was a sad one that I kept rooting for all throughout.  Good book.
Awful book. So sorry I ever read it.  Depressing with no redeeming value.  Do yourself a favor and skip this one.
This novel was quite slow and did not keep me in suspense or wanting more.  I had to make myself finish the book.
This story kept me intrigued right up until the end. A ghost story loosely based on historical fact. A good read.
Loved the historical data woven into a very well written book! Would recommend this book highly as a "must read".
I liked it because it was different then other books that I have read. And most of it had true historical events.
The story started out slow, but then I couldn't put the book down. It had. Great mixture of suspense and romance!
I enjoy it and want to get to the end to find out what happens. Very surprise ending, keeping in mind the prolog.
I thought the book was very engaging - I enjoyed it for the most part.  But it turned out to be such a sad story.
The story was great and the ties to Colorado Springs made the story come alive. Would highly recommend this book.
Recommend to everyone.. this is a really good book.. and really surprised to think it is a true story. Great book
Great book. Interesting characters, quick read. Now I'm going to have to travel out to see the mansion in person!
This story will keep you in suspense with its many twists and turns.  I enjoyed it very much it was a great book.
This was a good read and it did truly surprise me at times. I didn't figure all the twists out, so that was nice.
I couldn't put this one down - poor Adrienne, I wanted her to be ok so badly. I didn't see the end coming at all!
Warning – this book is very depressing and unsettling. I wish I had read the one star reviews before I read the book. I kept reading it because I was waiting for it to get interesting; that never happened. There are books that can show the darker side of life, but it’s OK if there is a purpose to the story, or it leads to a better understanding of human nature or has some redeeming quality. This book wasn’t one of them. I don’t know what the purpose of this book was and I’m not sure there was even a plot. It wasn’t chilling; it wasn’t haunting; it was only depressing and miserable. I'm sorry I read it.
Very interesting story.  It was definitely not the ending I was expecting (which is always a pleasant surprise).
Keeps you willing to finish the book and help Adrianne. A very good story of love and hate. I enjoyed the story.
I enjoyed this mystery-a spin on "The Shining" set in early France. I would have enjoyed a more powerful ending.
The book began well but lost its way  about half wHen through and never<br/>  recovered. I would say it was ok.
I read the reviews. The story line interested me. About half way through I was skip reading just to get it over.
I enjoyed reading this book, especially the ending :) Very sad that Adrianne didn't get back to see her family!!
I like the story but there is no punishment for anyone except Adrienne and Lucie. They did nothing wrong either.
Interesting.  I felt I knew what was going to happen but a new twist was thrown in toward the end.  A good read/
I really enjoyed this book. It was a little slow at first but picked up quickly and then I couldn't put it down!
Extremely well written, engaging story, characters you'll easily come to love!  I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.
Good blend of fact and fiction. Great for the airplane.<br/>Would have been nice to bring the ghost in earlier.
This was a good read. It was a little long at times, but I love how fiction and real events were woven together.
Enjoyed the storyline, could envision the scenes and the emotions, hope to read her next book if she writes one.
The author sets a scene and creates characters that carry the story.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and hope for more.
Captivating story .  Written so that you would be there right by her side through the whole time. Very gripping.
Slow start but then turns interesting. I don't know if I would buy it again. I was disappointed with the ending.
Read over two nights. I was immediately drawn in to the characters. I cried with and for them. Highly recommend.
A good read, the ending was a little less than I thought it would be. Overall story was fresh, good character's.
I chose this star rating because I was hoping for a happier ending. But very well written and held my attention.
What a terribly depressing book that goes absolutely nowhere with no likeable characters whatsoever.  Hated it.
Loved how real history was incorporated in to the fictional story.  Enjoyed it very much. Was hard to put down.
I enjoyed the book however the author was a bit overly descriptive. Easy and fast read that will not disappoint
This was book that hooked me from the very first page. I never saw the ending coming. Well done. Worth the read
Once I really started reading this book it was hard to stop.  It had a surprise ending and the story was great.
Contrived plot with many implausible turns. Not much to like about any character save the deceased grandfather.
Enjoyed the book with its twists and turns wish there was more to the story so many unanswered questions sigh!.
I enjoyed reading this book, it made me cry many times. Would encourage you to read it. It's very well written.
It's was hard to get going  with this book; only to be disappointed by the ending.  But you can't win them all!
Interesting read, especially knowing that it was written fleshing a story out of events that actually happened.
I love ghost stories.  I especially liked this one because they told the story about why the place was haunted!
If you enjoy a really good fiction based on true historical events and people, you will love reading this book!
Turns and twists keep this book a page turner. The end is quite surprising. A great first novel for the author.
Sorry, but this book just never got better. I kept thinking that it would, but even the climax did not fulfill.
I kept waiting for something good to happen in this story.  Poor Adrienne she never caught a break. Very dismal
Grabbed right in didn't realize it was based on some facts. Enjoyed it very much, was sad but captivating story
Excellent book & story, did not want to put it down. Then to find out based on true events made it even better.
Not a bad read. It was quick and interesting. I read it in two days. Keeps you interested with the many twists.
Unusual story with some strange plot twists. Except for one scene, it is very nearly a young adult level novel.
Wow. The book started off well and the writing was very good.  The main character was intriguing at first but then became somewhat pathetic.  Everything bad kept happening to her and I was waiting for her to rise above it. That didn't happen. She had no fight in her. She just accepted all the suffering and then killed herself???<br/><br/>This was not a ghost story, just a very depressing story.  There was a slight mention of her spirit at the very end of the book.<br/><br/>I would not recommend this book but I hope the author writes something else with a little more "spirit" in it!
This book had my attention from the very beginning. Really well-written, rich detail and character development. This author is very talented, I so wish she had spent as much time on the ending as the rest of the book. The story ended abruptly and did not wrap up what became of all the main characters. I was riveted by this book, though it did get r e a l l y dark, and I was wildly disappointed, even mad, with the unsatisfying, abrupt ending. It also would have been spectacular if the protagonist that you spent the whole book rooting for had some justice and any semblence of a haply ending.
The ending was really sad, but how else could it have turned out?  I was hoping against hope she would escape.
A good read and heartbreaking story. Not one I would read again, but a good historical fiction to get lost in.
There are a few interesting turns to this book, but it feels unedited. It filled the time but that's about it.
A bit disappointing that it was not a ghost story. I can definitely say it was a [somewhat] interesting story.
I choose 5 stars because this story caught my imagination. Very well written. I enjoyed it. I hope you do too.
A very enjoyable read. Good mixture of fact and fiction. Decide for yourself what is fact and what is fiction.
Kept me interested.  Don't believe in ghosts but this story was a page turner.  The ending was a big surprise.
I was traveling and needed an airplane book.  This filled the bill perfectly.  I thoroughly enjoyed the story.
This was an interesting book, but it did take me awhile to become interested but then I could not put it down.
I didn't personally like the way the book ended too dark and horrible for me I thought the book would end well
I was hooked from the first page. The author is a wonderful storyteller. It was hard to put down. A must read!
Great read! I wish the ending could have been fleshed out a bit more, but overall, I really enjoyed this book.
This book flowed well, and you felt for the character.  The resolution lacked for me, but that may just be me.
A delightful family saga mystery that ultimately left too many unanswered questions and a disappointing ending
Disappointed by the ending, but since it's based on a true story, I have to accept it.  Otherwise, I liked it.
I loved the book. The characters came to life in a gripping way. I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
Easy reading, good story and I like the fact that there is parts that have been documented to be non- fiction.
A bit confusing, not at all what you expect at the beginning.  Can't say much more without spoiling the story!
Worth the read....took me a little while to get into it but it picks up and then I couldn't wait to finish it.
Especially interesting as there is the historical connection. Descriptions of characters and places are vivid.
Loved it 🌹 Now I just hope this one becomes a movie! I am definitely going to find more books by this author.
Based upon true events, but you don't find that out until the very end.  Left with a feeling of no resolution.
Good book. But it started. Off. Kind of slow but it got up to spend about one third of the way into the story.
The book started with much promise but fizzled out as it went on. It really was a depressing tale of a young girls tragic life.  A very sad book.
Pretty good book with odd twists & turns. An unusual story, fictitious but some of based on fact. I enjoyed it
Enjoyed the book very much.  However; I did find the plot somewhat lost at times. I would recommend this book.
Captured my attention right away and couldn't stop until I finished it. Not sure how I felt about the ending.
I got halfway through and quit reading.  It was too predictable.  Bad Aunt gets her way.  Not my kind of book
Wonderful book can not wait for the next book to come out. Looking forward to another adventure like this one
I loved this book and would definitely recommend it to other readers.  It as read by Sharon Towner, not Jess.
Not usually my style of reading, however I found I had to read it to the end.  I was waiting for a happy ending.
Very sad and upsetting!  Worse that it's Nader on a true story. I like good stories that have some happiness.
It's one of those stories that starts slow setting up for what's to come.  Stick with it, has a good ending!!
As far as endings go, I was not a fan. It just ended too abruptly to do justice to all Adrienne had suffered.
Bad ending. Good guys die, bad guys get away. If I wanted to be depressed, I'd just read the news. Oh well...
I like the combination of history and fiction. Held my attention throughout and I was eager to reach the end.
Well developed plot; holds the reader to the end; surprise to find it is based on a real tale or an alternate
This story was well told and very detailed. The characters became so real that you could feel what they felt.
A liitle slow and the writing isn't all that great. If it's free, go for it. In my opinion, not worth buying.
Stupid ending. Now haunting could have at least had justice somewhere. I kept waiting for a story. On and on.
Very sad story. Kept waiting for the happy ending that never came. Will not read anymore books by this author
This book provides an interesting story for a good afternoon read. Pour a cup of coffee and put up your feet.
A very sad story partly fiction and partly true.  A little slow in the beginning but still held my attention.
Very interesting and captivating. I could not put this book down! Glad to have read. A very good read indeed.
I like how the author weaves the story once it really gets going. But it took some patience at the beginning.
I really enjoyed this book.  Very interesting I didn't know this place was real.  I think I need to go there.
Great book, riveting. Well written, couldn't put it down. My only complaint is that I finished it in one day.
The entire story is never what you expect!  A little slow at first but hard to put down once you get started.
Easy quick read. Well thought out plot though I wish that there had been more info on some of the characters.
This is a very well written book that keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Recommended for a mature audience.
Had me from the first page, could not put down. Thank you Kindle First, will look for more from this author!!
Really liked the book. It was a little bit dark but I thought it was well written and I couldn't put it down.
Great tragic story. I was surprised that for the most part it was true. I enjoyed the early American history.
At first I wasn't sure about this book but by halfway through I was engrossed with it! Very interesting plot.
I'm a retired English teacher, and this is one of the worst books I've ever read. What plot there is develops slowly and drags on at a monotonous pace. Much of it is painfully redundant. The characters are cliches: the kindly doting grandfather, weak simpering mother, faithful governess, handsome love interest, and, of course, the wicked stepmother figure - her aunt. What we have is a very bad version of Cinderella with a gruesome and unhappy ending. I don't recommend this as a good read for anyone, since it fails as historical fiction, suspense fiction, much less a ghost story.
I enjoyed Miramont's Ghost until the ending.  Did not see it coming, I thought Adrienne would be vindicated.
Fantastic read, couldn't put the book down. Yes it is dark, but well written. This would make a great movie.
Had to do a little deciphering at times with the wrong words used in sentences. Otherwise the book was good!
Good book, especially after getting into it.  It was slow to start off.  Very different than I usually read.
I liked the book - but it was not  type of  book I Read - it was a little dark in places - but well written.
I really enjoyed the story. I was disappointed about the end. I would love to go visit this real life place.
Not at all what I expected. I was a little disappointed in the end. I don't know quite what I was expecting.
Dragged a litle bit at times and then seemed sort of rushed toward the end but overall I enjoyed reading it.
Did not know what to expect but enjoyed the story.  Easy to read and held my attention. Loved the afterward.
A very creative way to build a story based a few factual events and characters. I would recommend this book!
I could not put this book down. An excellent read! I look forward to more great stories from Elizabeth Hall.
I like that the story was based around some historical facts. It was rather dark, but did hold my attention.
Reads like a pages of history the actual places and events woven into the story. Devoured it in short order.
Great read...I love a good ghost story, and this one is based on real events! Now, I want to go to Miramont!
This was an amazing story.  I could not put it down because I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen.
One of 2 awesome books I've read as part of my monthly free prime book, in the last 6 months. Very haunting.
Boy did this story seem real. And sad. The end surprised me and I'm sure it will surprise other readers too.
I find this story well written.  It was a good read and of interest add I have family from Colorado springs.
A very good story. It was hard to put down. The many turns it takes keeps the reader to see how it will end.
This was an interesting read.  It draws you in to the story.  I really wished for a different ending though.
Very interesting presentation of the story that has an unexpected ending and is based on some true stories.
Very weak ending. Story was readable, kept waiting for it to get better..it never did. Then it was the end.
This was a fantastic read! I was intrigued at the first page and  all the way through the book. Great story
I really enjoyed this book. It uses facts but is fiction. Very enticing read. Can't wait for the next book!
I found the story both charming and tragic.  A well told story that once started was difficult to put down!
The book started a bit slow but quickly drew me in. Great plot and descriptions. The ending was a surprise.
Loved this book.  We moved to Colorado several years ago.  I've heard about the Castle, now I need to visit
I liked this book because it kept my interest involved. Enough mystery to keep me wanting to turn the page.
So many twists and turns in this book, some expected some not.  I really enjoyed this book to the very end!
Great fun and a quick read. I really enjoyed the story. Sad ending. I would read other pieces by the author
I am done. But am sad didn't like how depressing . This book was.  If you like sad stories this is for you.
This is a wonderful read!  It is well written and very difficult to put down.  I highly recommend this book
But not the best book I've read.<br/>It was much slower than what I typically enjoy.<br/>Glad it was free
Started out good but lost something the second half of the book.  Still a good read and would recommend it.
I normally would not have selected this book, but happy I did.  It kept my interest throughout the book. 😊
This book was intriguing and difficult to put down. It made me want to find out more of the actual history.
I really enjoyed the book! I did not expect the book to end quite that way but I really enjoyed reading it!
If you want a real page turner, this is it.  I could not put the book down until I had read it completely.
Well written and keeps your interest going to want to keep reading,  But Actually a very depressing story.
This ebook kept my a weak all night, from the beginning to the end. Very well done written.  Such a trill.
Very sad sad book. I was hoping for a better ending. Started out slow and boring it was hooked by the end.
The story began with such mystery but it let me down with a rushed ending that had not been worked toward.
I would still recommend the book.  Just know it does not end well. I guess that is why it's a ghost story.
Loved this story I couldn't put this book down. Had me hoping for a happy ending...... I want more please.
An excellent story that kept my interest from page one to the end. I would look for more from this author.
The mood for eerie ghost fiction, this is the best book for you to read.<br/>Seriously, it's a good read.
I found the premise very interesting.  It was an enjoyable read although far fetched, it kept my interest.
This book was a page turner! I didn't put it down. I will definitely be reading more books by this author.
It was good until the end. Then it was like the author got tired of writing and gave it the quicky ending.
This was a terrific read. I couldn't put it down. It was so easy to find myself engrossed with this story.
Really enjoyed the book.  Kept me interested to the very end.  Would definitely read more buy this author.
This book was good but kind of depressing.  It was very interesting ending that I did not expect. Very sad
I kept reading this hoping something nice would happen to Adrienne . Did not like the end, too depressing.
I enjoyed this book and read it because I am going to Denver in a few months and want to visit the castle.
Made feel like I was in France, kept the tone and behaviors in accord with the times. Good writing skills.
This is a story that will stay with me for some time. It's truly stranger than fiction and sadder as well.
For it being Elizabeth's first book she did a great job of researching and the book did keep my attention.
Very interesting read. Some truth mixed in with a bit of fiction. It is a cruel story and very believable.
Did not like ending.  Wanted justice for the bad guys. Not ending I was expecting. The Rest was very good.
The stories takes some time to pick up but once you get into later chapters it becomes far more enjoyable
I was left a little flat at the end of the book. I kept waiting for something to happen and it never did.
I enjoyed reading this book. It kept my attention,and I wanted to find out what was going to happen next.
I thought this was interesting I didn't want to put it down. I like that there is some truth to the story
Started out slow but got better as I read on. Would have liked more storyline from Marie's point of view.
To bad the ending was not very good. I loved the story line, but was hoping for a more triumphant ending.
This was a kindle "deal".  The writing was fair and would be well suited for young adult reading.
Really enjoyed the book.  Was different from ones I usually read.  Historical background was interesting.
A good book to take time read little slow but still kept interest in it. surprise ending made you say wow
Couldn't guess what happens next and that's an A+ in my eyes! I like a good story that keeps you guessing
This book was OK.  Not really my favorite but pretty good.  Would I recommend it to others?  Not really .
Kept hoping it would be scary or thrilling.  Just a waste of time. Even for free reading , do not bother
This was a captivating story, even more so because it was fiction based on fact.  I enjoyed it immensely.
A great story. Was even better to have the actual history behind it at the end. Will suit all age groups.
Very interesting from the first page.  Could hardly put it down!  Hope author writes some more like this!
Very well written. Just when you think you have it figured out there is a twist in the story! EXCELLENT!!
This book will keep you enthralled in its grips. I couldn't put it down. A very sad yet intriguing story.
This a very engrossing and sad tale. I liked the way the author described events without being too wordy.
The ending was surprising and I loved that it had some realness to it I loved it more then any other book
Reasonable story based in some fact, but you will have to wait for the ghost until the end. Enough said.
Love how it was based in facts.  Could not put this book down.  Had me looking up more about the castle.
The story was believable, and kept my interest. The ending surprised me, and was a little disappointing.
An enjoyable read...Characters are well fleshed out.  Will be looking fror more books by Elizabeth Hall!
Not the type of book I typically read but I could not put it down! A great mystery,love and ghost story!
Very unusual plot taken from real events in history.It is not a ghost story until the very last chapter.
Keeps you intrigue as to what else could happen...and it does...now reading her next book..good so far..
So, so.  It perhaps would have been slightly more interesting to know that it was based on true premise.
Strong characters, but the plot was slow and I tended to lose interest.  Good twist at the end, however.
Kept my interest from the first minute to the last. A Mystery but not... a story that spanned the years.
Kept me flipping. Very well written!  It's been a while where i don't get bored with a book!  Thank you!
Good story and liked the basis on a real place. Miramont Castle is now on the list of Must Visit places!
This is a real page turner.  I could not put it down .  One of the most exciting books I have ever read.
A little slow to start but picks up. Very haunting in the end.  Stays with you after you've finished it.
This was a nice book. I enjoyed the twists and turns the book took; definitely not what I was expecting!
A good read with a twist makes it a good story.I felt her pain and wonder as to where her life had lead.
a wonderfully read<br/>I really enjoyed this book every minute of it it was really hard to put down the
Read it in a day! couldn't put it down... loved the epilogue at the end and the history behind the book.
The story was interesting and kept me intrigued. Just wished it would have wrapped up on a happier note.
This book kept me reading from the start.  Many, many twists & turns ... Unexpected.  It's a must read .
Very strange at times but not strange enough that I stopped reading it.  I finished it and it was good.
Wow what a story. I enjoyed all of it and the ending was a twist. I now understand how ghosts are made.
Wicked Aunt and creepy cousin, innocent child who wants to be loved. Good read if you like sad stories.
A real page turner. I enjoyed it very much and told all my Kindle friends to be aure and read this one.
Didn't like how it switched from France to Colorado. Also, how no one ever spoke up is hard to believe.
The story is just a slow starter for me  Well written what I read but jut fail to capture my attention.
I Loved that it was based on a true story. The author did an outstanding job developing the characters.
Kept me hanging on till the last pages..a sad but very interesting story. Just had to read till the end
The book was a bit too depressing for me, but it was interesting that it was based on some real events.
If you like dark mysteries, this book is for you. Much of the story is based on fact. Very interesting.
Kept my interest throughout the whole book. Even brought tears to my eyes and that is unusual for me!!!
I kept losing interest....I never finished it,,,not my type of genre,,,may be just the thing for others
It's a quick read. I couldn't put the book down. An exceptional accomplishment for a first time author.
I knew about the castle from living in Denver. It is a thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat
crazy... it's unsettling at least and not what i really expected<br/>but i did like how it was written
This book was okay. I enjoyed the story until the end of the book.  I was disappointed with the ending.
It is a good story. It leaves the reader in suspense most of the time wondering what's going to happen.
THIS WAS A GOOD READ, WANTED TO SEE HOW IT ENDED SO READ IT QUICKLY. WOULD READ ANOTHER BY THIS AUTHOR.
This is a very moving story. Very well written. I was hoping for a happy ending for the main character.
I love everything about this book. It kept me interested. It's a must read. I might just read it again.
A lot of history and slow story, not my kind of read But doesn't  mean you should try it.Happy reading.
I did not like this book. I found it boring. The afterword was the best part of the book.<br/> The end
I am sorry to say but the only description I have for this book is "LAME". Very disappointing.
I like the fact that it was based on a true story<br/>Could not put down. Very intriguing. Heart felt
It was hard to get started but eventually smoothed out. By the end I wanted more of the story to read.
Unfortunately, I found the book boring.  Tried several times to read it but could not make it through.
A good read, enjoyed it. I would recommend it if looking for a historical novel with a bit of mystery.
Too Gothic, sad and unhappy for my taste.  Skipped to the end very quickly and didn't read the middle.
Great book and an interesting read.  The ending was a bit of a let-down for me and totally a surprise.
Started to like it but got tired of the mean aunt, sick uncle and so on. Wanted more of a ghost story!
This was a great book. It was difficult to put it down. This is my favourite type of book. Five stars.
Haunting from beginning to end. This book kept me on the edge of my seat. I would recommend to anyone.
I love how the author took historical facts and wove her story. I now want to visit the castle myself.
This was a good book. It had a bad ending and at times some unnecessary words but overall it was good.
A bit of a slow start but definitely picked up. Pretty dark but a good read nonetheless glad I held on
For me I<br/>This book was not an enjoyable read. It has a dark theme and seemed to be slow and weak.
Unbelievable bunch of hooey. First couple of chapters were okay, but rapidly went into lala/gaga land.
The story was a little too sad for me. I am very interested in visiting the castle the book described.
It was little slow at the beginning, but picked up by the third chapter. I didn't want to put it down.
The author kept you on the edge of your seat with suspense. I couldn't put this book down! Great book!
I couldn't put it down, the story was vivid and haunting. I will look for more from this author today.
It was excellent. I was never sure which way the author was going to take. Over all sad but excellent!
Very dark and a bit heartbreaking. I was sucked in and finished it in two days. The writing was great!
I agree with the review that said there was no pay off here.  One of the rare books I regret reading.
I was expecting a real ghost story. It was a good story ,but not what I would consider a ghost story.
This story is very good and I really enjoyed it. However, it is also a very depressing story as well.
Rather maudlin, and too filled with historical inconsistencies and unlikelihoods to hold my interest.
After I finished the book, I found out it was based on an actual house and mystery. very imaginative.
Very anti-climatic ending.  However seeing that it was based on true events made it more interesting.
It would have helped if the author had written the epilogue as a prologue.  Much darker than I hoped.
I enjoyed this book. This book is an easy read. My attention was kept through every turn of the page.
Interesting storyline and plot. Descent character development. I would read more works by this author
I wish this one did not end the way it did.  Hope she writes a sequel for this book.  Very intersting
Things start off bad and then get worse.  I found the book very depressing. I wish I had not read it.
I enjoyed the book until the last few chapters when it got real depressing and had a very bad ending.
Great book!  i loved the mixture of fact and fiction.  Definitely want to read more from this author!
Had me hooked from the start.  Not quite the ending I was expecting, but a thoroughly enjoyable read!
I enjoyed this book and the way it was written. It held my interest which is not an easy thing to do.
This story was engaging, and definitely kept my interest piqued.  A very good read, highly recommend.
Good read. Hold's your interest. I'm glad I read it. I think you will enjoy it as well. Happy reading
Best thing I can say about any book is that I couldn't put it down.  And this was one of those books.
This book was great. It had my attention from the first page. However, I wish it had a better ending.
A little long and not really a ghost story.  It was a easy to read though. Good for a rainy day book.
I liked the storyline and it was an easy book to read.  Well worth the money.  I might read it again.
Overall, I enjoyed the book. As a romantic, I wanted it to end differently. In the end she was happy.
It's such a long story. The tale is good but the story is very slow. It took me two weeks to read it.
Takes a bit to see where it's good but it's an amazing book! Would recommend to other people to read!
I really enjoyed most of the book but without giving anything away I was extremely upset with ending.
this book was interesting, but very sad. I only gave it four stars because I don't like sad stories.
I couldn't finish it. I made it to chapter 28, and wanted to push through, but it was just too slow.
Was expecting more of a good Victorian style ghost story. It was still a good read to pass the time.
A little too much descriptive narration.  It went on and on and on. Very sad tale with a sad ending.
Pretty good book. A little bit confusing at first but gradually got better and was easier to follow.
This was a pretty good read.  I loved the end discussion regarding the factual aspects of the story.
Very enticing read with plenty of misterious allure, however the unexpected ending was a disappointment.
It was sad, suspenseful, well written.  I couldn't put it down.  It makes me want to see this house.
Terrible book. I think if Amazon is going to offer a free book, it should at least be worth reading.
This is a very good book I enjoyed it a lot. The plot didn't take me where I thought it would at all
The book was good at first, then I found myself wishing it was over! The book is all over the place.
Awesome read. Great mix of fact and fiction. Your heart really bleeds for Adrienne. Un-put-downable.
It was sloshing in the beginning, but sped up to the point that I did not want to put the book down.
This book could have been so much better.  The writer can really weave a great tale but alas, the main character is such an idiot it's painful.  Absolutely none of the characters are truly likeable.  I found myself 82% through the book by the time I had just had it with the protagonist's constant bumbling victimization.  It's like having all the information and being conveniently wounded when it turns out exactly how it looks!  To boot, she had no real redemptive qualities, shallow, male focused, selfish etc.  The anti-heroine.
Terrible book.  Boring.  Doesn't even deserve 1star.  I was led astray by reviews and purchased it.
Great book. Couldn't put the book down. The author did an excellent job of keeping you in suspense.
Very well thought out story, had my interest for all of the pages. It felt like a quick read. Word.
I made it through the book and enjoyed the beginning, but became too hopeless and sad for my taste.
Totally loved this book!  It's suspenseful and intriguing.  I am looking for more novels like this.
excellent mix of fact and fiction, intrigue,  adultery and rape. Ever so much more than I expected.
A good book to escape in for awhile because it keeps you turning pages. Easy to read. I enjoyed it!
This book was good but had a very slow start. I did enjoy the historical aspects of the story line.
Well written.  Excellent novel, actually.  I just couldn't take the sadness, especially  at the end
The mystery was easy to follow, but it had so much description that often times seemed unnecessary.
Was a very suspenseful book and was hard to put it down.  Very well written....  Really enjoyed it.
I was a bit skeptical about a ghost story, but it all tied in nicely in the epilogue and afterword.
It was interesting to find out, after reading the book, that it was based on some historical facts.
The book was ok not what I was expecting did not like the ending at all not the type of book I read
It just hangs. It just is not a great book. The story had potential they just could not develop it.
Good reed. Lots of twists and turns I didn't see coming .  Look forward to more books of this type.
Once I picked it up, it was hard to put down. Can't wait to read more by this author! Well written.
I feel this novel is an easy read.  It could have used a deeper story.  I rated as an average read.
Great story.  I love the story.  It is so Romeo and Juliet and sad and beautiful at the same time.
So sad. I love ghost stories and this wasn't exactly what I was hoping for but I enjoyed the read.
Very distressing and depressing....things go from bad to worse to horrendous with nary a breather.
I learned a little Colorado history reading this story.  I don't live that far away from Miramont.
Just a well written but very depressing book. Nothing good ever comes out of it. Just made me sad.
Great writing! But I was hoping for a happier ending. It was the most depressing book I ever read!
The book kept me interested but The ending was unexpected. I was sympathetic to the main character
Good start to get me back to reading. But predictable. Interesting to see history behind the story
Prior descriptions are accurate.  This is a dark, moody, gothic-style novel with twists and turns.
Read the last half of book in a couple of hrs. Was a good book. I think most people would like it.
Slow start but worth wading through - great twist and turns. Romance and mystery keep you engaged.
This story was not very interesting.  It took me a long time to read it. I would not recommend it.
One word comes to mind as I think back on this book: amateurish.  Unless you're a teen, forget it.
Fascinating story line follows a young girl across several countries as she searches for her life.
Miramont's Ghost kept me interested right to the end. I never knew where the story line was going.
I did not feel there was a meaning or lesson with this book.  It did not have a purpose.  No plot.
This was a very good book, I really enjoyed reading it and was a little surprised with the ending.
I liked the fact it was based on true history. I live around the area and have been to the castle.
didn't ike the way it ended. you dont have a ghost  until the very end. Characters, etc were good.
I kept waiting for a bright spot, but none came. If you want to be sad, read this. Wish I had not.
Kept my interest. I do  like it ended too soon. Could have gone into more of the story at the end.
Great story.
Great Book!!
Tedious! Difficult to feel any empathy for the characters. Dark, brooding; not an enjoyable read.
Good book.  I never figured out the ending.<br/>I liked the story and characters.  Check it out.
Couldn't put it down.  I was drawn in to the characters lives and felt their emotions so clearly.
felt this book was very interesting as I have lived in Colorado and enjoyed the historical parts.
Very  slow  and  angst  ridden  too much  fretting and worrying.  Sorry  just didn't like it much
It is well written, interesting, but at some points I felt as if I had to drag myself through it.
A good book that is based off real events, a bit slow but is rewarding in the end. An eye opener.
I found book to be very exciting.  I didn't know 'till the end that it was based on a true story.
The writing was excellent!<br/>I just wasn't a big fan of the story line. It's a bit depressing.
One of the most depressing books I ever read. It had no character I could root for or even liked.
Very good book and well written. Kept me interested throughout the entire book, hard to put down.
The book was decent, neither good nor bad, glad I just borrowed it, not too bad for a quick read.
I would have liked to know that the story was based on some facts when I started to read the book
A hard book to put down once you start! Very  fast paced and a pleasing eatery by E. Hall , Enjoy
I could not put it down. I wanted to know what was going to happen next. This is my kind of book.
This was a compelling read, with just enough special powers to make it interesting. Great story!
Love it!  If you like mystery and ghost stories with great drama mixed in, you'll love this too.
The author is outstanding, I was disappointed in the ending.  I will pursue Elizabeth Hall again
It grabbed my interest right away and held it. I read in a day and a half. I would recommend it.
I really enjoyed this book and the fact that it's based on real life made it an even better read
I enjoyed the story -- it was hard to put down the book.  But it was a bit repetitious in spots.
A great book of fiction based on a hint of truth!  A compelling story on each page. A must read.
This is a great book .I had a hard time putting it down .you well look it .we need more like it.
Not the typical book for me to read but I loved it!  I liked the time period and all the twists!
The pain of the characters is so palpable. You want to have the end of the story to be different
Enjoyed this book and the fact that  I did not figure out the twists in the end 1/2 way through
Great story. Interesting characters. Well written. I plan to read more books by Elizabeth Hall.
I actually loved this book even though it isn't  my usual genre. Will read more of this author.
A little disappointed by the ending. Glad to have received it for free through my prime account
I would recommend this book to all adults.  I read it in two days it held my interest very well
The book is worth reading, but I wouldn't put it on the top of the list.  Still not a bad book.
Excellent story.  Characters were well described  and I could not put the book down.  Loved it.
Well written which helped me to finish it.  Really find the issues of child abuse hard to read.
Since I'm from Colorado it was interesting to hear the backstory (even if it was fictionalized.
I really enjoyed reading this book. The story moved along at a steady pace. Kept me interested.
I really enjoyed this story, especially after finding that some of it was based on real events.
This was easy reading.  Interesting it is not a who done it but did have a twist toward the end
Very good story line. Like the way author  plays the characters and how the story line develops
I know this book had a historical base, but it was a little too much  of a downer for my taste.
i used $14 on this book that ws not even good it sucked i was suppose to be scared or something
I don't usually read this type of book, but it was a Kindle first so I went for it. I liked it.
Since i will be  going  to Colorado Springs soon,I really enjoyed. The reference to the  area.
obsession by a misguided soul to protect the familis honor  only to have it blow before.  her.
I like to read books that are scary. This was not very scary. Ok for a free read though. Enjoy
I really enjoyed this book.  It was interesting and good writing.  Easy, fun, intriguing read!
A good story, even better that it was based on a true story.  It kept my attention to the end.
A story I could not put down. So sad for a beautiful young person with a gift. Heart breaking.
A different type of ghost story. The historical time frame was unusual to me, which I enjoyed.
For me, it was a slow read.  I kept reading thinking it would pick up, never finished the book
The ending of this book was extremely abrupt and it made me mad I invested time in reading it.
A very well written book. It did not end the way I expected it to.  I really enjoyed this book
A pretty good page turner with a surprise twist at the end. Well written and very descriptive!
Good read, and the note from the author and the end of the book made it that more interesting.
the book was not quite what I expected but it was enjoyable,  The ending was quite a surprise.
Interesting novel based around actual events. I would like to read other books by this author.
Liked the first half of the book, but not the way it ended.  I do not identify with such evil.
Not the usual kind Of book I read but was surprised and enjoyed it .  Kept my interest thru it
I enjoyed this very much. I lived in Colorado for many years and this is based in that state.
I really didn't like how they ended the book! I didn't feel like they tied up any loose ends!
😮good story line ,well researched . Ha ing said that ,it sort of died on the vine at the end
This book kept me interested throughout.  Very good reading material.  Could not put it down.
I did enjoy reading this novel but was not thrilled with the ending. Something seemed missing
Enjoyed the story up until the end. I felt let down.  Just was not satisfied with the ending.
The story was not what I was expecting , but overall it was a good read. It was an easy read.
This is an unusual story.  It does keep one in suspense.  There is no hero and it ends badly.
didn't like it at all. I could have just gone to the prologue and understood the entire book.
I have been to Miramont Castle and knew about the ghost stories so I really enjoyed the story
Moved right along and held your interest.  Enjoyed the history.  Thought it was well written.
This story started off as promising, but ended up all around unsatisfying and poorly planned.
This story grabbed me right away.  A great way to spend a snowy day on the couch by the fire!
For its type it is ok but I did not enjoy the helplessness of the women or the evil of Marie.
it was just amazing. I really want to see more like this. love it. It is so awesome. from me.
The story is ok it's a little confusing as to the title till you read almost 3/4 of the book
Very compelling story so far...only about 1/3 of the way through it, but really enjoying it!
I like reading mystery/thriller books and I guess this one truly qualifies in this category.
I couldn't get through it, I tried to continue but lose interest not even a quarter through.
Well written book and will keep your interest.  The book made me want to visit the Miramont!
Interesting, couldn't tell if it is a historical tale or not. Kept wanting a happier ending.
I read for entertainment, not to be brought down! This book was too depressing for my taste.
Any book that I think about when I'm away from it is one I think worth reading. I enjoyed it
Got this for free on Amazon. Was a lot better than I thought it was going to be. Enjoyed it!
This book was hard to put down!  If you like a good ghost story then you will love this one.
I didn't realize until the end that there were actually historical parallels in this story.
Very disappointed in the book after having read the reviews. I would not purchase the book.
This book has a lot of history & you feel as if you are in that time period.  A great read!
I didn"t care for this book. This is not the type of book I like to read at the moment.
Too convoluted for me.  I just couldn't :get into" this book, and didn't even finish it
I liked the book.  It was a fun read.  I also liked that there were historical facts in it.
Really interesting story based upon facts from the past and a little fiction added for fun.
I kept waiting for this depressing book to turn around and it never did. A complete downer.
Slow read, always waiting for " something " interesting to happen and nothing does.
Started slow, but ended with a bang. Very unexpected once it got going & held my attention
Good story, but the ending leaves you wondering why? In a way, the story is anticlimactic.
Miramont itself is a fascinating story.  I regret to say I read the beginning and the end.
it was a great read - but I had forgotten it was about a ghost so the ending was very odd!
Shows potential and begins to grab your attention but then disappoints and never delivers.
Thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  Will search out additional novels by Elizabeth Hill
I was impressed with this book.  It was well written.  I would recommend it to my friends.
Miramont's Ghost was great reading. It was wonderfully written and the end was a surprise.
It was interesting to read especially knowing the over all plot was based on a true story.
A good read, a ghost story based on historical facts.  Great for a dark and stormy night.
Historical fiction is only moderately entertaining.  I would rather read historical fact.
Enjoyed the book very much.  Liked that it went from country to country fact and fiction.
Slow and tedious.  Not interested in the helpless girl/woman who is betrayed by everyone.
Excellent story. Fascinating characters, flowing story line. Great from beginning to end.
Ok read.  Interesting period of history in US and France which the author described well.
Enjoyed it really liked the factual with the fictional looked up the information provided
Loved the story and interested to learn it was based on real people and many true events.
Great book...I'm not much for mystery, but this book was very good...not a scary mystery!
keeps you guessing from beginning to end. well written. will look for more by this writer
it was ok.  they made is sound so scary and "can't put it down"  I had no problem
Very superficial, shallow characters, with unrewarding plot.  Nothing redeeming anywhere!
I enjoyed the writing and the body of the story but I was so disappointned in the ending.
Interesting and disturbing at the same time.  Not what I expected but still a good read.
Very good story. Not your average plot or story. It will keep you interested to the end.
This was a very good book, fun to read and it kept me interested throughout the process.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book except for the ending which seem to come rather abruptly.
Not done reading this book.  But so far it is really good.  Would recommend this author.
Intriguing tale of mystery and legends--enjoyed the historical references--entertaining.
its okay... taking a very long time to get to the 'meat and potatoes" of the story..
I haven't read yet--but wanted to ask--is my Prime monthly book for free no longer? Doug
Story seems choppy and incomplete an times.  Not a bad read, but not exceptional either.
It needed closure for the main character, she should have been told to go into the light
I enjoyed this book. Easy quick reading. Story is sad but kept me reading until the end.
A good read and interesting to note that the author wrote it based upon a real location.
not abad book just gets you in as you think that you have it all worked out but you dont
In a nutshell...If you like to feel happy or enriched after reading a book, or feel like it was well worth your time, then this book is Not for you. I love a good historical / fiction story, but this one left me angry that there was such a build up for the main character, the the crappy ending. I am glad the book was a free choice, and I did not pay for it. Otherwise I would ask for my money back. Maybe I still will! If I could give it a no star rating I would.
Great fast read.  Looking forward to going to the see the Castle next time in Colorado.
It was a good quick read. After I read the background it made it even more interesting.
Interesting period piece with some predictable and some unpredictable twists and turns.
Most of the story is about how the ghost came to be so it is not a book about haunting.
The book was not about a Ghost.  The epilogue was about the ghost.  Big disappointment.
Very cool "ghost" story with a surprising twist.  Set in France and New Mexico.
The ending did not do it for me. All the hype up to the end was good. Fairly good read.
Needlessly depression.  No redeeming value.  One tragedy after another.  Horrible book.
I got this as a free prime book. I enjoyed it enough to look for more works by  ms Hall
Draaaaaaags on. Not going to be able to finish this one.
This was a really good read! A tragic novel, who knew I'd love it!? So glad I read it.
Really enjoyed this book. Well written, held my interest. Not sure I liked the ending.
I found this to be an interesting book and the character development was well written.
This was a very well written book that held my attention. Sure didn't see that ending!
I haven't finished it yet, but so far I've found it to be much better than I imagined.
intriguing but the ending was ridiculously poor  felt like i wasted my time reading it
It wasn't what I expected.  The more I read<br/>the more I did't want to put it down.
Horribly depressing.  A waste of multiple hours of my life that I will never get back.
I enjoyed this book. I googled Miramont Castle and read the history about the castle.
Good start. Good read but seems like author did not know how to develop it. Just ends
I enjoyed the book, and the ending was a surprise.  This just wasn't my kind of read.
Disappointing , slow and dark . Not really s ghost story at all . Don't recommend it.
Had the potential to be much better...but it was not. Disappointing to say the least.
Interesting read, especially when you read the follow-up history of the actual house!
Sorry,I was totally disappoint.One dimensional characters,reads like a bad soap opera
Was surprised with the ending. Bringing a piece of history and fiction was beautiful.
This was an intriguing story about a young girls glimpses of future true happenings.
I couldn't put this book down!  However the ending left me hanging and disappointed.
I enjoyed the book.  I visited Miramont in Colorado so the title caught my interest.
IF you want to be depressed read this book. Depressing the whole way through ugh....
I really enjoyed the first half of the book but found the ending very anti- climatic
Not sad in a good way either. Few surprises just an inceasing unhappiness and gloom.
Great book! I wish it ended differently but I understand it is based on true events.
I really liked this book...... story of the life of a young lady with a great ending
I loved this book and it was easy to keep track of what was going on with the story.
Was my first free book through Prime and I really was suprised.  It was a good book.
It was interesting and unpredictable. It was neat that it was based on a true story.
Very good story, held my interest to the very end. Interesting and thought-provoking
I thought it was going to be a good story up till the ending. It was such a let-down
It was told from the perspective of one character so I did not think the ending fit.
haven't read it yet but the summary sounded like it would be something I would enjoy
I had high hopes for this book. Even though it started out slow I was eventually captivated by it and couldn't put it down. However, it was a drastic let down. The only reason this would be an enjoyable read is if you actually had visited this particular castle. Then maybe I could see the enjoyment. Unfortunately, there is no other point to it. The sad part is it had such potential. In the end I was left wanting to cut my own wrists.
I really enjoyed this book. It was different from my normal read of murder mystery.
weak ending, what a pathetic creature. I kept waiting for it to get better but, no.
This was a good summer read - not deep, and in some places slow, but worth the read
As fictionalized history, not bad.  But if fiction, could tie up loose ends better.
More a gothic romance/Cinderella-without-the-happy-ending story than a ghost story.
Didn't flow kept reading hoping; but I felt it was the lines re-wrote over and over
I really enjoyed it. Also very familiar with the area in Manitou and the Southwest.
A fictional story based on people who were surrounded by inuendos in their lifetime
Good story, based on some history. Not really exciting but an easy late night read.
This was a great read, but I was disappointed in the ending.  It seemed too abrupt.
Loved this book. Had me captivated from the first sentence. I couldn't put it down!
Good book and was not as predictable as I thought at times.  It kept me interested.
Great book, it moved right along,mostly based in factual events. Truly enjoyed it.
The historical aspects were interesting, but the book ended too tragically for me.
Did not end the way I expected. But still very good and still leaves me wondering.
Enjoyed reading about this girl.  It was dark but I was hopeful for a good ending.
I found the ending very disturbing, not the kind of story I thought I was getting.
It was a good book but so sad at the end. I really wish it had a different ending.
Good read.  If you're looking a book with a happy ending, steer clear of this one.
Was a good book. Kept my interest all the way through. Nice compliment to history.
Went on and on never found anything to keep me going after getting halfway through
Loved it.  I have visited the Castle so it was pretty cool to visualize the scene.
Lots of history, some unanswered questions, rushed ending. Overall good not great.
A good story based on fact, fact is often<br/>stranger than fiction, Tony Marmont
Captivating tale, made more interesting that it is based partially on real events!
Really liked this story and the fact thae the castle oart was based on true events
Very interesting book which kept me guessing and wondering what would happen next.
Dreary, depressing, too long by far, with a non- ending that severely disappoints.
I read this book in 2 days - couldn't put it down!  Would recommend for a weekend.
Great book
I hate to leave a book unfinished, but I was tempted over and<br/>over and over again. Only by sheer willpower did I make myself finish.<br/><br/>I believe this is the most boring dialogue and the most predictable outcome of a poorly written plot of which I hope never again to be subjected to...<br/><br/>I do apologize to the author, since there was hard work, effort,<br/>and definitely research done on the contents.
Engaging story line based on a real place/experience.  Did not expect the ending.
Way too depressing.  Likes the historical links but definitely not my cup of tea.
Basically pretty interesting, but parts nearing the end seemed out of left field.
Horrible book. Made me feel sad and confused. Not really any redeeming qualities.
A horrible tale of unresolved abuse. But that's why ghosts are pissed off, right?
I really enjoyed this book!  Looking forward to reading more books through Amazon
It was very exciting it keeps your interest.<br/>I would recommend it to anyone.
Very interesting book. It didn't unfold the way I thought it was going to at all.
Well-written.  I simply like my reads to have a good outcome for the protagonist.
Nice blend of haunting and great character building.  I will read this one again.
We all know that history is comprised of many stories of horror and shame.  One of histories shameful tales is related through the eyes of young Adrienne.  The evil and vicious actions of her family speak out of all the worst attitudes and actions which unfortunately still continue in today's  world.  I confess I passed over much of the book; it was too reprehensible.  This author's books will not be in my reading future.
Great story, kept my interest. You really get into the characters, well written.
Unexpected, surprise ending.  Won't forget the characters.  Poised for a sequel.
Tragic but what a wonderful story and so well written.  This author is terrific.
I enjoyed this story and the author did a good job of developing the characters.
I thought the book was well written...a little long, but i couldn't put it down.
I enjoyed the book. Fascinated by the fact that the basis for the story is true.
Classical story telling with heart wrenching storyline and unforgettable ending.
It was interesting and the end was a very unusual, the story kept me interested.
A most pleasant book, but it has suspence and keeps you wondering until the end.
fun read. I enjoyed it, though it saddened me to read how the heroine was abused
Great historical story with surprise ending,  I had a hard time putting it down.
I enjoyed the historical parts of this novel but thought it was very depressing.
Rather sad -- but I love Colorado and enjoyed the history mixed with the fiction
This book is well written, and given the historical background, provides interesting insight into the times.  The character development is good, and the reader can begin to relate to the various characters. Of particular interest is the transformation of the protagonist throughout her life.  The reader is brought through effectively the range of emotions that is being portrayed, and the fundamental message is clear.
I really wouldn't even give this book one star but for the requirement! If you are interested in a book about a little girl growing to young adulthood who has every terrible thing you can think of happen to her and eventually commits suicide, this is the book for you!
The first half of this book was very good, characters were coming along nicely and the historical elements of the plot were interesting. Once I crossed the halfway point the whole story fell into a dark well of despair and never recovered. It went from being mildly disturbing to a vile horror show that felt like the author just got bored with the story and decided to ruin the lives of her uncooperative characters.
If you want to write about the past, so be it.  To pass this off as the past...
Reading this made me want to have a return visit . . . thanks for a good story!
Not the best book I've ever read but it was fine, Kind of slow. Ending was sad.
Did not care for it at all. Just a downward spiral to nothing. Very depressing.
I never read a book like this one before and I had a hard time putting it down.
Promising at the beginning,  then dark and depressing. Couldn't even finish it.
Really enjoyed this book. The ending is a surprise. Would definitely recommend.
It was good but it wasn't much of a ghost story and I was disappointed in that.
Haunting and well written.  Looking forward to reading other books by Ms. Hall.
Loved it! Hard to put down!  Unexpected ending made it great from start to end.
Interesting story.  The shunning of people who are different is not new, is it?
Very depressing. I kept waiting for something good to happen and it NEVER did.
By a dark mood I mean the storyline, it was a good book. I would recommend it.
Really enjoyed the story and the history. was not expecting the ending though.
Decent story line. The ending is very abrupt and didn't reach my expectations.
I just started reading it. So far, it looks like it's going to be a good read.
I really like this book. An easy read for late nights. Had some of everything.
A very well written book, but so gosh darn depressing i wish I hadn't read it.
It was very engaging but I thought the ending wasn't as satisfying as I hoped.
I Loved this book. I could not put it down. I loved the story and the history.
I thought it was impossible to have this much darkness in a book. I was wrong.
A good story that kept you wondering what the outcome would be.  A quick read.
Well written and not the stereotypical ending you sometimes expect. Good read.
My attention span is short so me reading this book says a lot. Very engaging!
it was a decent read ... the story twisted to a place I didn't think it would
A bit slow and did not like the ending.  But then it was to be a ghost story.
Not really my genre.  More historical fiction genre.  But very pleasant read.
The ending was a complete disappointment.  I felt as if I had wasted my time.
Really good story couldn't stop reading couldn't wait to get to the next page
This wasn't very good...too many loooong descriptions that don't go anywhere.
Interesting and exciting story about a girl who has visions about the future.
The writing was well-done but the story was depressing and had little action.
Very dark. More sadness,betrayal than I am comfortable with in a casual read.
I stepped out of my comport zone on this one.  I love historical fiction but this one is dark, as others have pointed out.  I put the book down several times, but always came back to it.<br/>The writing was good, the tale sucks you in and you can "feel" the emotions, very tangible!<br/>I enjoyed how the story was put together with facts and creativity.<br/>In the end, I'm glad I stuck with it.
So who was buried in the mountain.  I had my suspicion and it was confirmed.
This was the first novel that I have read by Elizabeth Hall and I am hooked!
It is a bit slow. About a girl that is born with abilities and misunderstood
Loved this book! Stayed up way past my bedtime to get to the final chapter😃
Slow  to get started almost half way through book before it got interesting.
While not actually boring it pretty close. Feel I wasted my time reading it.
I bought this solely because I've been to Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs
Bleak.  Written well enough but I hate that I spent the time reading this...
The writing was repetitive and over-wrought.  The evil characters were relentlessly evil and hence one-dimensional.  Good characters were weak to the point were I despised them after a few chapters. The story so incredibly depressing, that I kept reading thinking it only could get better.  It did not.  If there was a way I could excise the ghost of this book from my brain, I would do so.  Ugh.
Good book. Not the way I would expect the book to go. Left me wanting more.
Not fast reading enough for me.  Good in spots but overall, not satisfying.
Writing was good but I felt the plot was missing some degree of complexity.
Was a good book but very dark! Made you feel very sorry for the young girl.
found it hard to put down. Kept reading to find out what would happen next.
Not a bad story, but the ending seemed rather abrupt and wasn't satisfying.
Am reading this now and find it hard to put down.  I am enjoying this book.
Was an interesting book right up until the end. Disappointed by the ending.
I rated this book with 4 stars because it was such a differently told story of mystery and intrigue. I will not spoil the book by writing anything about what happens. Suffice to say this was a well written book and can't believe this is the first novel this author has written. Can't wait to read whatever she writes next. Please read you will enjoy this book if you love mystery stories.
I usually love historical fiction but this book was so awful I had to force myself to finish it.  I kept hoping against hope that something, anything, uplifting would happen.  There was nothing redeeming about this tragic story where every life fell to ruin.  The ghost didn't even appear until the last pages.  Wish I had listened to my intuition and put it down when I first wanted to.
Couldn't put it down. Loved all the historical descriptions and locations!
A good read but I had wished for a more conclusive ending. But a fun read.
The story was very well written and kept me wanting to read more each day!
The bulk of the story kept me turning pages. I was let down by the climax.
What a unique way to write a book. Really interesting ending! A must read!
It was a good read, interesting characters. I didn't want to stop reading.
Listening to this on whisper sync. It's great entertainment when traveling
It was pretty good, kept my interest but I was disappointed in the ending.
Enjoyed this book.  Good plot and characters.  Believable story, for sure.
This book kept my interest to the last page.  I would recommend this book.
Gripping tale from the start with awesome descriptions of the time period!
Probably the best book I have ever read, other Quantrain.<br/><br/>sorry
The story was okay just a little drawen out but did have a good storyline.
Good book, but I was expecting more ghost story and less historical drama.
Didn't particularly like the ending but the mystery was well put together,
It is an interesting read - almost like two stories.  Not what I expected.
She was too intelligent to allow such atrocities to be inflicted upon her.
Good read
Disappointing story. The ghost is nowhere to be found until the last couple of chapters. Juvenile writing style and story development. I wanted to abandon this drivel after the first half of the book. I still don't know why I stuck with it. The tale is of a privileged little French girl, who has visions. Entirely too much descriptive prose does not help a weak plot. WASTE OF TIME.
Enjoyable read. Wish I still lived in Colorado.  I'd go visit the castle.
This is a wonderful book.  The suspense builds and you can't put it down!
Was a very intriguing story. Enjoyed the book, a historical type fiction.
This is a very engrossinh but dark story.  I had trouble putting it down!
Great book! Great detail in the characters and scenery. Highly recommend!
Interesting story containing historical background of France and America.
Good novel. Easy read. Brought a different twist that I wasn't expecting.
interesting historic fiction - not compelling,  in terms of writing craft
I was hoping at some point for a "happy ending" which never came.
This book started out really good but by the end it was not good anymore.
Fascinating story. Didn't expect to enjoy but just couldn't stop reading.
A life of misery one person can inflict on another, a very moving story.
Very poor writing. Was disappointed at the plot and would not recommend.
Haunting and in some ways brutal story, pretty painful to read in places
Historical element was interesting but book left me in an unhappy place.
Interesting story based on real life experiences.  I enjoyed reading it.
Excellent read. Kept my interest. Forgot how much I loved these stories!
really took a long time for the plot to develop. wasn't what I expected.
It never showed up in my library. None of the books that I picked were there. Would like to know where they went lol.
Beautiful read. The picture this has painted is left embedded on my mind
I immediately got engrossed in the story; I did not want to put it down.
Didn't really care for this book, kept hoping that there was more to it.
Very boring and predictable. Read 50% and quit couldn't handle any more.
I really enjoyed  the book until the ending, that was very diappointing.
well...this book was well edited.  That's that pro I found as for the rest....oh, excuse me I must of dozed off while thinking about what to say about this book.  Boring and extremely depressing.  For me, I didn't see anything entertaining about this book.  I started out getting my attention but that didn't last very long.  This was a free book.  I am glad I didn't spend any money on it.  If you like stories full of drama and creepy mean people you might find this a good book.
Don't buy this book I hated it. The story has nothing to do with the title. A total bait and switch, the title makes you believe it is a ghost story but it is just a sad story of a girl, her pedophile cousin and evil aunt.  A total bummer story and complete let down, sorry I read it. I will never read another Elizabeth Hall book in my life. I give the author and F-.
Unique perspective and imaginative story telling built on a true story.
I enjoyed reading this book but I expected more mystery or ghost story.
I enjoyed the book very much...a unique approach and unexpected ending.
Great story and couldn't put it down, but felt unsatisfied with ending.
Enjoyable.  I live near the castle so it was of special interest for me
I couldn't get past the first few pages. Didn't like the writing style.
I enjoyed this book..want to visit castle next time I am in colorado...
Very interesting story with some unexpected twists. It was fun to read.
I got this book in a deal and I'm not disappointed!  It's a great read.
Very well written novel.  I will be anxiously waiting for her next one!
This book has it all - Location, family dynamics and unexpected twists.
Interesting read, historical information tied into a nice little story.
One of the best books I have ever read!!!! I recommend it for everyone.
Living near Manitou Springs I found the title and location interesting.
I don't. Know I ordered it but I didn't watch it all the way through.
Awesome. I was so caught up in it that I forgot the name of the book!
Well written and based on real events.  But I felt it ended abruptly.
Very depressing. Probably based on facts, but it left me feeling bad.
I thought it was well written, but it was too sad, with a sad ending.
I  know this town exists....it was so good<br/>I will read it again.
Well written book, based on an historic incident.  Enjoyable reading.
My first book I'm reading on the Kindle.  It is an interesting book.
Not my favorite. The plot was intriguing, but the end fizzled a bit.
I didn't care for the ending....too realistic for my fantasy liking!
I was hoping for a bit more of a ghost story, and this was not that.
I loved it. I hope she writes more. I would like more at the castle.
I was a good read but I think it should have had a different ending.
It was easy reading and kept you wondering what was going to happen.
It was a good read for me and I enjoyed the historical aspect of it.
I enjoyed the story-line, but the ending left me wanting a bit more.
Felt like the story dragged a little. I was expecting more content.
It was good enough to get through but the ending was disappointing.
Interesting book overall but kind of slow and hard to keep reading.
A tad tedious and predictable, but an ok read for a lazy afternoon.
Interesting story.  Stays with you (dare I say "haunting"?)
Very enjoyable read.  But, I was very disappointed with the ending.
Was surprised at the abrupt ending, but overall a well written book
There was too much misery for me and what was the point othis story
The story captures one's interest but falls short of a page turner.
I was expecting a ghost story. Finally had a ghost at the very end.
Did not enjoy the book, but kept reading to find out what happened.
Interesting concept, but I would have preferred a different ending.
Great read for a first time author!  Looking forward to more books.
It was too depressing. I kept waiting for something good to happen.
I loved this book.  It kept my interest almost from the first page.
horrible
Very interesting read...was a little disappointed with the ending.
Interesting story. A lot of imagery that will take you for a ride.
I was ready for the story to end.  But liked the twists and turns.
My wife read it and thought it was excellent  I will read it soon.
Boring beyond belief I gave up one third the way through the book.
I don't like books or movies with a negative ending, and this does
Good story line and characters loved the plot, but very sad ending
Good read, enjoyed the character building and historic references.
Very good book. couldn't put it down. I really enjoyed reading it.
Lost its way at times and ending a bit abrupt overall I enjoyed it
It was OK.  I would probably not read another book by this author.
A good read just was not happy with the ending felt depressing....
Well written , engrossing, and certainly a wonderful weekend book.
Interesting read, does not turn out the way you think that it will
Loved it...great story...a bit disappointed with the ending though
Too slow in part,Started to drag  then ended abruptly for my taste
Strange but interesting,, held my attention, better than the news.
I rarely delete a book without finishing but I did that with this one.  UGH
Fascinating story. Very quick read .  Something different to read.
This book was surprising good.  I had never heard of this author.
I would give it ten stars if that were an option..... Great read/
Long and drawn out. I kept skipping parts just to get to the end.
couldn't get interested. not my kind of book. others may like it.
Very depressing book. No hope and all negative. Not a light read.
Not crazy about it but good to read while waiting for the Doctor.
Well written but no real story and ending very very dissapointing
It was very exciting and very intriguing.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Great book.  It really held my interest.  Good characterizations.
Awesome read! Kept you on the edge and could hardly put it down.
Fast read.  Very good book.  Liked how everything came together.
It is slow starting but getting better. I enjoy haunted house's.
Very good story, well written. Not predictable, which I enjoyed.
I have no idea why this book came up when searching for romance.
Very unusual but interesting novel- I enjoyed reading this book.
total shock at the end loved how they srting you along good tale
Entertaining read but I felt it lost direction part way through.
I couldn't put the book down once I started reading. Great read.
It slowly built up right until the end. I like stories like that
Interesting story and well written, just not my preferred genre.
It was ok, slow moving, sort of like Agatha Christie type story.
I tried and tried to get into this book and just couldn't do it.
Give this a try. First book of her's that I've read. Enjoyed it.
love this book. couldn't put it down. I love stories like this.
It was a different book from what I usually read.  It was okay.
well written, held my interest throughout. did not like ending.
Absolutely astounding.  This was not your ordinary ghost story.
Great book. Very intense and not easy to see where it's headed.
Very interesting and I was able to learn history along with it.
Well written fictional story based upon some historical events.
A good way to spend a rainy afternoon......just casual reading.
Enjoyed most of the book, but was disapointed  with the ending.
I guess I wasn't too impressed. I can't remember much about it.
A brilliant page turner. Couldn't put it down right to the end.
Excellent Seller and Product!! Excelente Producto y Vendedor!!!
This is a terrible book.  I wish I had read the other one star reviews because I agree with them completely. There is nothing redeeming in the book and I wish I could have my time and money back.  It was not worth the two dollars.  In fact I should have been paid for making my way through this utterly depressing story.
I like historical novels. this one was engrossing. I loved it.
Great story with a very good plot twist. Couldn't put it down!
great book makes you wonder what is next... Kept me up reading
Very entertaining. Keeps you wondering what is happening next.
Book was great up into end. Very anti-clmatic and weak ending.
This is more for a teenager.  I don't recommend it for adults.
Good book well written held my interest all the way through...
Loved it!  Different than your typical ghost haunting stories.
Writing style was very good but the story was just depressing.
The author repeats them self to much,  and it's to depressing.
The details didn't hold my attention, so I skimmed a lot of it
I thought the book was really good. It kept me very intrigued.
Quick, easy read. Interesting. Not how I thought it would end.
I loved the story, keeps you in suspense up to the last page!
It was very well written and kept you guessing until the end.
very slow, poorly developed characters and a terrible ending.
Totally unexpected twists and turns. Not at all  predictable.
The book is slow moving until you get 2/3 of way through it..
Good story and a fast read.  Had to finish it once I started.
I was disappointed her ghost wasn't really part of the story.
Loved it!! The mystery of it all!! And it could have happened
Good read. A little dark but not all stories are wonderful...
It was a fabulous book.  A little sad with a surprise ending.
Interesting book due to the main character and her abilities.
Really sick of the poor enslaved girl theme . So predictable.
It was a good plot a little long winded at parts but worth it
I loved it.  Fun to read the story behind it.  Wish for more.
Evokes sympathy for womens terrible situation at those times.
Enjoyed the book. First time reading a book from this author.
It was okay but not as good as the right up made you believe.
It was good and kept your interest but also a bit depressing.
This is one of the worst novels I have ever read.  It is illogical, far-fetched, and disjointed in its presentation.
Miramont's Ghost is a story that would fit perfectly in a section of variegated Brothers Grimm fairy tales. Instead of the dark forests of Germany, this tale takes the reader into bucolic 19th-century Beaulieu France with an established aristocratic family as the central characters and their secrets that can destroy all within. Gossip can be just as poisonous and deadly as arsenic and in Miramont's Ghost this simple fact is weaved into a complicated noose that threatens to strangle the youngest generation of the castle. Whether the location shifts from the opulent opera houses of Paris, the polished floors of the Waldorf in New York City or the majestic mountain towns of Colorado; past sins and ugly rumors seem to follow and the hushed whispers begin yet again and well to be polite there are some things best left unsaid and unknown.<br/><br/>In the end, Miramont's Ghost was a quick read that held my interest until the final page. A decent mixture of folklore, unsolved mysteries, surprising undertones and old fashioned storytelling that served as a needed distraction is how I would describe this title. Although quite a few times I found myself wincing at anachronistic dialogue, minor slips in history and aristocratic protocol, a few strings of forced and predictable drama and the story was a little lackluster in spots of potential that really could have shined for this reader. That all aside, Miramont's Ghost is still an entertaining read that touches on all the familiar elements of a ghost story that we all still eagerly lean in to hear.
i read to the end, but it wasn't anything that i'll remember
Great book! It's hard to believe it's based on a true place!
All in all a good read - factual framework for a good novel.
The story was well written but the end left me wanting more.
It was a good read, but I can't remember much about it now!!
Enjoyed this book!  Would recommend it to others, Thank you!
I thought this was an enjoyable book.  I would recommend it.
This is a great ghost story with wonderful twists and turns.
ENJOYED THE BOOK FROM THE FIRST PAGE.  COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN.
Just terrible ending...waste of a book...so glad it was free
Started out quite interesting and then fell flat at the end.
I enjoyed reading it so much that I was sorry to see it end.
I really enjoyed this book.  Hope someday to visit the site!
I liked the story. I was surprised about Julian's character.
Great book.  Although, I thought the ending could be better.
It was one chapter too long. Not much character development.
The writer is skilled but the story is a never ending ride through a hellish life that continuity spirals down... bad feelings never end in this tale.  I wish I hadn't finished the book...  although it is based on actual events, the writer could have taken different liberties and still told the story..
Really enjoyed the story but wasn't crazy about the ending.
Took awhile to get into. Ends up being a bit scary and sad.
An interesting piece of fiction wrapped inside a true story
Exceptional.  A really good story. Great job to the author.
couldn't put it down..felt lile I knew them all great read!
I was waiting for a climatic twist, but it didn't happen...
Thoroughly enjoyable; hard to put it down until I finished.
Story goes no where then in the gutter in the last chapter.
The story was well written and kept my interest throughout.
A gripping Tale with a nice twist in the tail! Recommended.
Although a little predictable, it was an interesting story.
A great story. So much tragedy in one family. Worth reading
I would not recommend this one to anyone.  It is very dark.
My wife and I both read this book and enjoyed it very much.
Page turner for sure. Made me mad and sad at the same time!
Suspenseful story with an unpredictable ending. Enjoyed it.
I liked it a lot. Would like to read more by Elizabeth Hall
Got it and loved it. Thanks for the addition to my library.
I like heroines with a backbone.  Ending was disappointing.
nicely integrated into the true history of Miramont Castle.
A well crafted story that kept you wanting Adrienne to win.
Intersting story, a little shallow regarding actual history
It was an interesting read, but kind of long and drawn out.
didn't like the ending.  Most of the story was interesting.
Enjoyed this book, however felt like the ending was rushed.
Book was a different kind of  book. I enjoyed it very much.
Thought it was well done. A bit different from most novels.
Great read.  Pure fiction,  with a dash of historical fact.
Nice well written story . With a couple unexpected twists .
I really enjoyed this book. I wish it had a happier ending.
It wasn't really what I expected based on the description.
Really good book, from beginning to end. Hard to put down.
Enjoyed the story line and mysterious nature of this book.
Kept waiting for a good ending. Unfortunaly didn't get it.
Nice fictional rendition of an actual historical occurance
Depressing tale, but definitely entertaining.  Quick read.
I read a bit of it but gave up.  Just did not appeal to me
Was an okay book not really,  really interesting in parts.
Well written but the story itself was just "okay".
Loved the book great story a book to pickup you will enjoy
Great story with a real witch and ghost and a clairvoyant.
Thoroughly enjoyed it. Mesmerizing. Sad, but happy ending.
It did not leave me feeling good at all.  Very depressing.
I kept thinking it was going somewhere and it didn't. The main character had no picture of reality and lived in her mind. It was like trying to understand how someone could be so unaware of herself. The end was too fast and left much to the reader to assume.  I regret I. Bothered to read this
This was just not to my taste but it may be fine for other readers.  I felt empathy for the main character and the book was well written. It was so depressing, though, that I ended up scanning to the end.  I prefer to be entertained and uplifted by what I read and this was not the case here.
Unsatisfactory conclusion, story left a lot of questions.
Good easy read. It was suspenseful and kept my attention.
This book was very troubling to me bit it was depressing.
Interesting story. The end was a  let down in my opinion.
Intriguing story. Quick read. Good character development.
This book was surprisingly good - better than I expected.
Loved the story. It had a surprise ending - which I love!
I was expecting a ghost story but it was a pleasant book.
I enjoyed the unexpected twists to the plot of the story.
It's very interesting, but the end is not what I expected
Worth reading.  A sad story with a surprising resolution.
It's a good story, but I think the ending is pretty lame.
It was a hard book to get through and a little depressing
It was just okay for me, I wasn't too fond of the ending.
Really engaging until the end.  Really disappointing end.
Good twists and turns. Kept me guessing and page turning.
I give the author 5 stars for how well written the book is, it's just content I didn't enjoy. The book turn a turn I didn't expect and overall found it dark and depressing with some disturbing elements.  This was the first kindle first book I've read  so I'm glad I didn't pay for it.
Great story, but wish the ending turned out differently.
It didn't end well.Sad. Memorable but not in a good way.
I thought the book was great.  Good character portrayal.
Interesting story.  Written well with a nice plot twist.
long time to get the ending which was very dissapointing
A little too far-fetched, but still had some highlights.
Took a long time to get to a strange and unhappy ending.
worst book I've read since Wuthering Heights.  Terrible.
Good story based on Historical facts. Enjoyed this book.
Very interesting.  Has a few unexpected twists and turns
Had a hard time getting through it.  Not my type of book
Disappointed and sorry I took the time to read the book.
a few twists and turns - love the setting and the story.
Fantastic book, even better when you been to the castle.
When ghost is in the title, I expect more about a ghost!
Slow start but an interesting read once you get into it.
Good book,just wish the ending could have been different
Great story!  Just enough fiction to make a great story.
Really grabbed me from the first, didn't want it to end.
Wonderful read!! I would definitely recommend this book!
I very much enjoyed this book...a good escape time read!
couldn't put it down, a lot of unexpected twists & turns
I would like to read more from this author.  Great read.
It was written well, but I did not care for the ending.
Nice little novel.  Holds yor attention.  Some history.
Interesting, but I like happy endings, and this wasn't.
Easy reading, with  some historical value and accuracy.
Didn't like the ending... book was very depressing ....
Great story in the beginning.  Did not like the ending.
I enjoyed this story.  Plus, it's based on real people!
Such a good book! Sad and disturbing but we'll written.
Disappointed with the ending.  Seemed to be unfinished.
This was very interesting, and the ending surprised me.
Very mysterious reading.  Makes one want to turn pages.
It's like two totally different books cobbled together.
Started promising but was repititive and disappointing
Hated the story, never got into it, never finished it.
Couldn't put the book down! Would highly recommend it.
Really like the start but the ending was disappointing
Loved the feel of this story based on a true place....
The main character was depressing in her subservience.
Excellent story that made me not want to put it down.
Very good!  Didn't expect the ending - good twist! :)
A fantastic story.  Real characters and real tragedy.
Could have been quite good. Completely disappointing.
Good book but this poor girl had nothing but trouble!
Kept me guessing all the time!! Light but interesting
The story drags a bit and the ending was not so good.
Fictionalized historical ghost story. Excellent read!
very good book keep my interest all t rough the story
It kept my interest from the beginning, I enjoyed it.
A melancholy little ghost story. A quick moving read.
This book was pure crap !!  It did not even end good.
Stayed up all night reading. I needed to find out what happened to the heroine. I felt for her and all the events in her life. Can't say much more without giving things away. Great story - recommend for all. Very easy to read. Will be reading more of this author.
I enjoyed the first three-fourths of this book. It was interesting and engaging, but then it turned dark and ugly. I admit I am old fashioned, but I was not prepared for the change in tone or the ending. I like to read for entertainment. This just wasn't for me.
Solid historical novel. Very interesting at the end.
Now I want to travel to Colorado to see the mansion!
Couldn't even get through the first couple of pages.
I really liked this book. It was really fascinating.
Suspenseful, but the ending was a bit disappointing.
Good story and well told but ending not satisfactory
5,stars  It was wonderful, waiting on the next book.
Off to a nice start, but really unsatisfying ending.
Interesting plot twists. Kept  me turning the pages.
A fast fun read. The ending was not what I expected.
Was just ok, gave me something to read on the plane.
I read with great enthusiasm but I hated the ending!
It was well written and kept me wanting to read more
A good historical story but hard to believe at times
Good read, kept you interested in what happens next.
I have not yet read this book so I cannot review it.
This one of the most depressing novels I've ever read. The plot could have been satisfying; however, the  reader is not even granted the knowledge of the final outcomes of characters to whom many pages are devoted. The novel appears to have no theme or purpose.
Haven't finished it yet... can't get me interested.
I liked this story and thought it was entertaining.
Pretty dark story. I was a bit let down at the end.
I found it slow going and able to predict the story
It's  that kind of book which you can't  put  down.
Great book, easy read good plot I enjoyed the book.
Lots of unanswered questions but an enjoyable read.
Good read, especially knowing it was based on truth
I dont like sad endings, This gook was good reading
An interesting story in the beginning but deteriorated quickly.  Don't waste your time.  The story line continued to get worse with an awful conclusion.
Boring
Very good book! Some parts I couldn't stop reading
Kept my interest and took a twist I didn't expect.
This book was interesting, but a depressing story.
Well written, one of those hard to put down books.
It was a good story, kept me wanting to know more.
Good read that pulled you in and kept you guessing
BROUGHT ME BACK IN TIME TO THE  FRENCH COUNTRYSIDE
Dark but mesmerizing,  A read you will not forget!
I was very surprised by how much I liked to story.
Loved the book. Loved the time period! Great read.
relatively interesting- possibly bc I live nearby.
Saving factor--+based on true location and rumors!
It was OK but a little amatuerish in plot changes.
I couldn't put the book down. It was a great read.
Great book. Nicely written. Poor ending though....
it was one of the best books I've read in a while.
Great read.  I have recommended to several people.
Loved this book. It was well written and belieable
Good read for a free book.  Not my genre of story.
Wish I could have given this book a zero....awful!
this book kept me wanting to read it all day long.
Kept my interest and I did not expect the ending.
A very sad story, but keeps you going to the end.
Wish i had known about Miramont when I was in CO.
It was okay not as good as I thought it would be.
A real page-turner. I didn't want to put it down!
I enjoyed the book.  It was an interesting story.
Well written and interesting. Totally depressing.
A really good read. I liked the historical facts.
Good read!  Very somber through the middle & end.
Very slow moving.  would nor recommend this book.
It's a good story up to the end, which falls flat
There was not much that was hopeful in this book.
started slow but ended up really liking the book.
Good story.  One that you don't want to put down.
Good script, plot was good. Writing was done well
It was a fun read... but not quite 5 stars to me.
I really liked the story, but I hated the ending.
Very good story with a great ending and epilogue.
Pretty good, mixing historical facts and fiction.
Very enjoyable read, will read this author again.
Such a gripping story.  I did not want it to end.
The book was written well and the story was interesting. But I spent most of the book preparing myself for the main girl's situation to get better. It never did, got worse, and there wasn't really a happy ending. The book just was depressing.
I feel that something was missing in the ending.
A lot of build up to have a disappointing ending
I enjoyed the story although it was a little sad
Good story. Not what I expected from description
I liked it very much. The ending was a surprise.
a very unusual story i thought it was a fun read
This book held my interest from start to finish.
It was quite interesting, enjoyed this nice read
Well written but creepy  hard time finishing it.
Iit was a good read, didn't want to put it down.
What a wonderful story & such a surprise ending!
Interesting...but not a thriller.  Entertaining.
It was a strange story. I would not recommend it
Well written and beyond the usual romance novel.
Unexpected and quick ending. Highly disappointed
I found this book depressing. Always waiting for justice for the wrong doers and a happy or at a least a relatively happy ending for the wronged.  Neither happened. If I wanted to be depressed after reading, I'd just read the newspaper.
Facinating and mesmerizing? I read it in 6 hrs!
Not that suspenseful or spooky. Save you money.
It kept my attention and was an enjoyable read.
This book was very good.  I enjoyed reading it.
Very enjoyable. Always love a good ghost story.
Great story. Well written. Enjoyed the history.
Disappointing; never lived up to it's potential
fascinating reading....couldn't put it down....
Like this style of writing. Kept me interested.
Great, GREAT story! Kept me hooked from page 1!
Readable, functional and then kind of gruesome.
Although the ending was good It was a bit slow.
Enjoyed the book. One of the best I read lately
This book is terrific. It was hard to put down.
this story was revetting. it held my attention throughout the book. learning at the end that it is wrapped around a part of history that's documented added to the experience. what hits me most is the power of anger even after death.
Couldn't put it down.  Articulate documentation, I felt as if I could picture every detail. Great read . Would recommend to anyone interested in history with a little bit of fiction thrown in to keep you on the edge of your seat.
Good characters. Ending a little disappointing
Only halfway through but I can't stop reading!
Not a good read, predictable, not well written
The story while interesting , seemed to drag .
GREAT book - looking forward to her next book.
It made me cry and it is based on a true story
Surprise ending but overall it was a good read
I would have preferred a stronger female lead.
Full of cliques. Did have a surprising ending.
Entertaining, mindless read; a bit predictable
Interesting - a different approach to a story.
Not really about the ghost but her life before
Recommend to anyone that loves a spooky story.
The only historical importance of this very repetitive, rambling telling is the afterword detailing the very minimal historical event. However, I will search for more information on the locale, as the it seems very interesting.
Finally got a chance to read it.  I liked it.
Gave 4 stars because I didn't like the ending
It's the sort of thing you read on the plane.
Good read......didn't see the ending coming !
Very good historical read. Depressing though.
It was okay.  Could have had a better ending.
Informative and entertaining about the place.
Enjoyed the story, was surprised by ending...
Book was grown out too long not enough action
great book, bad ending, more justice for her.
Great story.  Is it true or not.  You decide.
Started out well but disappointed in the end.
The more you read the better the book becomes
I did not find this an easy read.  It was ok.
Very good!  The ending was not as I expected.
A little dark, but intriguing.  I enjoyed it.
Wasn't what I expected but still a great book
Liked the book but didn't expect that ending.
Excellent read! Hope to see more from Ms Hall
Somewhat interesting, but continuously bleak.
Great beginning, looking forward to the rest.
An excellent book! I read it in one day!! Took quite an unexpected turn. Well written,  only one sentence bothered me, about "rain splattered on the pavement", not sure there was pavement at the time the book takes place.
Great characters - based on historical fact!
Not worth the time. Nothing new in the plot.
It was a good book but was sad in many ways.
Marginally better than ok.Thought provoking.
It was a good book, but the ending was blah!
A great, suspenseful story beautifully told.
Kept on edge, couldn't put down! Great read!
Not the ending I expected but was very good.
good reading,  but  a little too dark for me
Very complex and we'll written. Bittersweet.
Was a good book until she committed suicide.
thought it was abit much. I like non fiction
I highly recommend this entertaining story!
IT WAS A GOOD MYSTERY....SIT BACK AND ENJOY
I enjoyed it.  It moved right along for me.
Very good book, it was not what I expected!
I was disappointed.  I would not recommend.
Kept me in suspense as to how it would end.
This book had me hooked from the first page
Awesome!!! Loves this book and I want more!
Pretty good read, very unsatisfying ending.
very depressing- it is not a feel good book
I loved this book! it was written very well
It wasn't until the last few chapters that I realized the author had done a wonderful job with the beginning of the story but didn't have a clue for a descent ending. I feel like it was a waste of my time. : (
This book begins as an interesting character-study of a family (in the early 19th century) dealing with a "different" child.  The chapters telling the story of the little girl, and the adolescent into which she grew, seemed the beginnings of a readable first novel: I enjoyed the author's ability to write from the child's point of view (developing as she did), while still portraying the responses of a couple of the adults around her with depth and sensitivity.  Many of the adults in the child's life were fairly one-dimensional (pretty but weak mother; self-centered, arrogant and bullying elder aunt; absent, neglectful father; absent, sickly but somewhat kind uncle), but the grandfather was reasonable well-drawn and complex in his relationships with his granddaughter, his daughters, his neighbors and his (memories of) his wife.<br/><br/>After the grandfather died, the author seemed to lose her way.  The pace slowed, almost to a standstill, as the child spent long years mourning her grandfather, and the adults around her (with the exception of her governess, who had been virtually invisible in the first chapters, but now moved to the forefront) focused on their own interests, to the extent of barely noticing the girl.  Suddenly, the girl met a boy who was interested in her.  She found her way out of grief, and began to hope for a future.  Just as suddenly, it was snatched from her.<br/><br/>The chapters relating to the girl's forced emigration to a foreign land, and the terrible fate that awaited her there, seemed from an entirely different book.  In fact, the author's notes at the end indicate that this latter part was based on the lives of actual persons who lived in the time period--all but the girl, who was not mentioned in any of the original documents, and was drawn entirely from the author's imagination.<br/><br/>The author, who had done fairly well with a tale told from her imagination, seemed somewhat overwhelmed in the telling of the "true" story.  In an effort to bring out the "facts" she had researched, great leaps of credibility were necessary.  Many of the characters suddenly acted in ways that did not seem congruent with their previous selves--the book drew to a close with an almost literal "deus ex machina"--which was finally brought to denouement by a very modern psychological explanation.<br/><br/>I hope this author writes more works of fiction.  She has the makings of a really entertaining storyteller.  However, I hope she sticks to her own characters and plots, in future.  Trying to blend her imagination with "historical facts" seems to deprive her of all the best parts of her talent.
Elizabeth Hall's "Miramont's Ghost" is more a storyboard for an episode of an American Haunting-type television show than an actual novel that has a satisfying ending. The fact that there is really no resolution renders this tale the type of tidbit a tour guide might hint at when leading a troupe of tourists around a landmark castle while answering the question, "Is this place haunted?"  Hall's fictive response, 'Yes, it is," formulates the novel's entire premise.  "Yes, there is a ghost and here is the story," becomes the novel's high point--unfortunately everything from that realization on rolls downhill on a sour note where happiness drains little by little and no restitution ever occurs to give the reader at least a sense of some comeuppance.<br/><br/>Usually novels involving a ghost are framed from the present day.  Some innocent bystander with a bit of sensitivity happens upon the "house."  Things begin to go bump in the night when said bystander decides to purchase the place, move in and do some restoration.  These paranormal events spark some type of exploration and lo and behold, eventually the ghost gets to speak--through letters, or a diary or even a powerful manifestation of energy--letting the bystander know of the wrong that occurred in the house and urging the bystander to do something that will positively effect the ghost's descendants.  The discovery of the ghost is frightening--the facts uncovered directly impact the future of the ghost's living family or the life of the bystander--most of the time someone guilty is brought to justice.<br/><br/>None of this happens in "Miramont's Ghost."  There is no present day frame other than a brief preamble: a glimpse of Miramont from present day eyes.  Instead, Hall takes the reader back to France for a look at the castle's builders--the wealthy Beauvier famil--through the eyes of the Comte's clairvoyant granddaughter, Adrienne.  Plagued with visions, the girl inadvertently stands as a threat to her Aunt Marie and her cousin, the priest Julian, who both hide secrets best left undisclosed. In this stage of storytelling, Hall presents a thorough look at a dysfunctional family from the perspective of the little girl.  She introduces a villain and a heroine, but then by failing to punish the bad and vindicate the good, she disappoints the reader by plunging them into a storyline that hits bottom but never pulls the heroine up to eventual glory.<br/><br/>Hall's characters lack likeability.  Adrienne is constantly melancholy; the governess, Lucie--who does have a bit of a spark, fizzles when Hall refuses to develop the secondary storyline that she throws out conveniently to rid the story of the character when it suits her purpose. Worse still are Adrienne's eventual memories--memories that are intrinsic to the eventual outcome but are not even mentioned until more than 65% into the plot.  The reader discovers things that Aunt Marie has schemed to make real, but Hall never tells us why the woman does what she does. Being evil simply isn't reason enough.<br/><br/>Worst of all is Hall's change of perspective towards the end of the novel.  All along the reader has followed Adrienne and her thoughts from her limited vantage point.  Then suddenly, in the last few pages, the perspective changes to Julian?  Doesn't work.  This lack of consistency gives the novel an unfinished feel that adds to the disappointment of a story where the heroine doesn't triumph.  If Hall wants Julian or Marie to triumph at the end then the story should be told from their limited points of view--or the author should have adopted a third person omniscient POV.<br/><br/>Wouldn't this whole story have been better told as a diary entry found by a present day protagonist who is undergoing some personal difficulty that mirrors the problems that once plagued the ghost?  If the ghost doesn't triumph at the end of the tale, wouldn't it stand to reason that it could help someone to prevail and eventually be the victor over the same evil it fought but failed to subdue?<br/><br/>Bottom line?  Miramont's Ghost attempts to give a back story of the ghost said to haunt Miramont Castle in Manitou Springs, Colorado.  It fails on a variety of levels:  the characters are not likeable, the climax is not fulfilling and the change of point of view at the end of the novel confuses rather than enlightens. If author Hall's present story provided the background information discovered by present day inhabitants or visitors to Miramont Castle--visitor with problems of their own that need resolution--and the discovery of such information provided the key to solve a present day problem, Miramont's Ghost would be entertaining, indeed.  However, as it stands, it is not recommended.<br/>Diana Faillace Von Behren<br/>"reneofc"
I got this book as a kindle first book.  You need to know that I am a reader and almost always--I ALWAYS--finish a book that I start.  And I slugged through this book to 43% done and when I went to see that I had 4 more hours left--that's it.  You can't PAY ME TO FINISH IT.  It is poorly written.  It has no plot or story line to speak of and the characters are absolutely one dimensional.  All of them--one dimensional.  Nobody is fleshed out or developed or even interesting and that is saying something.  That is saying that I am a saint to have actually read 43%.  So, take my word nearly half of the book is strictly devoted to the fact that the girl sees visions.  People don't like her seeing visions.  Some people whisper that she is a witch.  So, she hides.  She has a shallow lethargic, disinterested mother, a mean as witch aunt, a cousin who is a priest in America who nearly gets killed.  Nothing creepy and certainly nothing interesting.  So, she sees visions!  Yeah!  That takes 43% of the book to establish?  And the fact that people are scared of it? I could do that in 15 pages.  If you pay for this book after reading this review, don't blame me.  I actually agonized over the right to put down such a rotten book.  When I decided I didn't have to finish it, it was a glorious moment.  I review almost everything I read, believe me, only one other review I have ever written sounds this negative.  And on that one I felt bad, but I can't believe this book has reviews like it does that makes it sound like a page turner--maybe those readers don't expect plot or character development or action of any sort.  If that is not the case, they have been coached by the author to review this unworthy book to dupe buyers into buying it.  Otherwise, I just can't account for the difference in reactions.  I am being honest here, I am glad I got this free, because I am deleting it.  And I only wish I had reviewed this for you last month to save anybody from wasting their money on it.
This was a  free book choice for January and as others have said, it was dark.  It follows a lively, intelligent, happy child who loved flowers and butterflies and who loved to talk and and share her dreams, as she was  changed into someone whose soul was shut down, as every chance for  kindness, love, and happiness was maliciously taken away until there was nothing left.<br/><br/>This lovely child  could  sometimes, like her grandmother,  see things, she might know an expectant mother would have a  boy or a girl, or that someone was coming, or that someone was harmed. but the visions were not something she controlled or understood. Her  family wanted her to hide this, fearing gossip, and ridicule or worse. No one ever explained anything to the little one, except her  beloved grandfather, who when dying, simply told her not to share, and a Nanny who accepted her and was sent away.<br/><br/>She was made  to feel like damaged goods and became closed off and reticent, and when at  16, a handsome young man seemed to be interested in her,  he was transferred away in an underhanded arrangement by an Aunt who hated her (feeling perhaps she could see into her empty soul). Her father was indifferent and rarely home. Her mother found her unnerving and when her Aunt offered to take her to the New World, she let her, even though she knew the Aunt disliked the young girl and she would not be happy (a huge understatement).<br/><br/>The author cleverly pieced together a story based on an existing  residence that had been abandoned and there were disturbing rumors re the previous owner and a ghost.  The time period and locales, both in n England and the United States, are deftly drawn, the character of the young woman (totally fictionalized), is heart rending.  The book was a compelling read and not easily forgotten.
I love a good ghost story, especially set in the early 1900s, so this novel attracted me right away. Castles, ghosts, and damsels in distress—what more could you want? But I found that this novel was much more than I'd originally expected.<br/><br/>Miramont's Ghost is based on a true story and is a mixture of truth and fiction. I love it when an author takes a story or myth and creates a novel around it. Author Elizabeth Hall is definitely a talented writer whose words flow across the page. I love how she wrote this story with an old-style flair—like you'd read in novels such as Jane Eyre or Wuthering Heights. There is plenty of flowery prose and description. While some today find that tiring, I actually enjoy it. She described the characters to perfection, so you could visualize them as if in a movie. She definitely hooked me in and kept me reading, even when the story began to turn darker and darker. I had to read to the end to see what happened.<br/><br/>Many reviewers have complained about the end of this novel, but I don't think they have taken into account that this is based on a true story—so it really did have to end the way it did. You can't conjure up a happily ever after if it isn't supposed to be that way. Therefore, even though I wasn't a fan on how the story progressed, I understood that it needed to conclude the way it did. And actually, I did like the ending. It was different—and sometimes different is much more interesting.<br/><br/>My only complaint about this novel is that there were too many point of views. Most novels are written in one, two, maybe three POVs. This one gave you the POV of practically every character, and often in the same paragraph. It is confusing to the reader because you have to keep track of who is talking or thinking. I believe this story could have been written entirely in the main character's, Adrienne's, POV. With a little creativity, we'd have still understood what the other characters were thinking by their reactions or conversations. Overall, though, I did enjoy this novel.
really depressing. Wish I had not read it.
Gripping at the start but weak at the end.
Strange story but couldn't quit reading it
It wasn't a bad book, just too sad for me.
Great story did not like the way it ended.
Loved it! Can't wait to see it for myself!
This was a really good book, A GOOD story!
It was a great read i couldn't Put it down
Very predictable but good bedtime reading.
Entertaining!  Couldn't put the book down.
Engaging as an audio book on a long drive.
Wish the ending could have been different.
A very good story....couldn't put it down.
Book was ok.  I did not like how it ended.
It was a great book. Hated to put it down.
All I can say is this book is a must read!
Hard to get into did not like how it ended
I love the book. Very Interesting to me...
Slow start but became better as it moved along. I have been to Miramont Castle and heard ghost stories but none with quite this twist. Those with interests in chasing ghosts would find this book Intriguing.
I really liked Adrienne and read the entire book thinking it would end well .  It didn't.  I read the epilogue and found it was historical fiction but I hated the story made up to go along with the facts.
The prefect blend of history, fiction, betrayal, romance and the complexities of familial relationships. Page after page, you won't be able to put it down. It'll keep you on edge until the very last word.
Good story, I couldn't put the book down.
a good creepy ghost story.  I enjoyed it.
Interesting book.  Ending was a surprise.
Kept me interested from beginning to end.
A very good read.  I hated to see it end.
Mediocre book with a disappointing ending
HAD TO FINISH IT , BUT I HATED THE ENDING
Enjoyed the book.  Nice twist at the end.
An easy read but so unrelentingly dismal.
Beautifully written. Haunting and tragic,
Much ado about nothing. The plot plodded.
The ending was different than I expected.
Terrible book!! No action, no resolution.
Well writen, thought the story was great!
I am having a hard time staying focused..
Interesting story, little weak at the end
This book isn't as gripping as some but does lead to some interesting questions. Not all are fully answered. I was able to read this over the course of a weekend and for that purpose it was sufficient.
I had to read it all I could not put it down. I was fascinated by Adrienne and her unique abilities. All of the characters had depth even the horrible Marie! Would buy books from the author again.
Started slow,  but a great book overall.
It held my attention until the very end.
Quick read. A bit depressing story line.
Very good book.  I couldn't put it down.
Did NOT expect that ending. Pretty good.
So many twists never saw the end coming.
it becomes a bit boring after a while...
very interesting history and good story.
Read it two  days could not put it down.
It was slow in parts....but a good story
Didn't keep my interest, boring actually
Suspenseful read with a surprise ending.
Great book and a very interesting story.
Historical? How old was the grandfather when he served with Napoleon? Author works too hard trying for metaphors and pretty literary styles. Yes. Plural.  Tone changes from page to paragraph.
Interesting read. Not a lot of violence
It wasn't what I thought and depressing
Interesting mix of history and fiction.
Moves rather slowly but is a good read.
Great. Another story without an ending.
Absolutely awsom.  Hated to see it end.
Loved this book...couldn't put it down!
Absolutely amazing couldn't put it down
Great book. Very well written. Love it!
Well written with an interesting ending
Had me going the entire way through....
very good read. I could not put it down
Excellent book!  Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Great story based on historical fiction
Good read. Held my interest. Sad story.
It was Very  good,it put me  in suspension
Very well written.  interesting story.
Really good read.  Would recommend it.
rather predictable plot, good writing.
Well written, and a great page turner!
Good book, different type of an ending
excellent writing but kind of a downer
Suspenseful and dark. Good quick read.
What a depressing story.  I read the entire thing thinking perhaps it might have some happiness towards the end.  I will never recommend this book to anyone.  What a waste of time.
Miramont's Ghost is a book to read. I loved the way so many true events were used in the story. I couldn't put it down. It makes you want to visit the castle and look for the body.
I love how Elizabeth Hall infused history of 19th century France and America with fiction. Very captivating and we'll-written. Highly recommend for a suspenseful and charming read.
I felt a real let-down at the ending.
The beginning is better than the end.
Very enjoyable. Couldn't put it down.
Was expecting a ghost story.  Not so.
The writing had me from the beginning
Kept me intrigued. Unexpected ending.
easy and interesting read. I liked it
It was as okay...Nothing outstanding.
Very boring. I could not get into it.
This is an enjoyable book.  Only one character is truly fleshed out, which weakens the impact of the story. Nonetheless, it is a fun conjectured story built on history and legend.
It was so good!  But, it was so sad!
I enjoyed it very much. Great story.
It felt as if the ending was rushed.
Suspenseful and star yet a bit slow.
This was a quick read. Entertaining.
It made for a very interesting read.
Nicely done for a historical  novel.
Rather disappointed with the ending.
Made myself finish it! Don't bother.
Would highly recommended. Very good.
I found it very interesting and sad.
I found this story to be depressing.
Excellent story - left me speechless
Good story but disappointing ending.
Great book it was hard to put  down.
Great novel, but I hated the ending.
Not much substance and weird ending.
Great read.  I couldn't put it down.
Keep me interested, hard to put down
Incredible book I couldn't put down.
Good reading with a surprise ending.
Good read, really shocked in the end
If you enjoy weak, indecisive women, inconsistent characters and repetitive narration - this is the book for you. Hard to believe this was a recommend on the Amazon website.
Excellent book. Enjoyed every page.
Good story, though very sad ending.
A most enjoyable read!!  Well done.
Wouldn't waste my time to finish it
Fun read...not a classic but fun...
Didn't even finish it.  Depressing.
I enjoyed it, My book club read it.
Well written but not my cup of tea.
A little different but fairly good.
Awesome book! Couldn't put it down!
This book moved very slowly for me.
Very engaging, but very depressing!
Great reading and a surprise ending
Intriguing story. Hated the ending.
Couldn't put it down. I was disappointed in the ending until I read the afterword. It couldn't really end any other way. Looking forward to Elizabeth Halls next novel.
The writing was not convincing. Sensory references did not add to the story. The author "told" but did not "show". The characters were shallow and not well developed.
a good read.  it kept my interest.
a well done little work of fiction
I enjoyed this book - a good read.
Surprised and happy with this book
Great book i couldn't put it down.
Excellent! I couldn't put it down!
I found this book very depressing.
enjoyed very much. hard to it down
Very well written, keeps interest.
Great read.  Couldn't put it down.
Very good story  hard to put down
It was okay - pretty predictable.
Enjoyed reading Miramont's Ghost.
It was good but not very exciting
Not a common theme.  Suspenseful.
Great read, an interesting story.
Good book. I would recommend it.
Very bleak, not very interesting
The ending was a disappointment.
O was disappointed in the ending
very good book kept you guessing
Page turner and excellent ending
Kind of disappointed with ending
Unexpected ending, very fitting.
Good read! I enjoyed this story.
Sad story with beautiful detail.
Good read - great for a vacation
Very repetitive. Poorly written.
Loved the his historical details
It wasn't the ending I expected.
Good book with some good twists.
Enthralling. Disturbing. Lovely.
Interesting time and characters.
Very slow disappointed in ending
Enjoyable read, great characters
Dismal, hopeless and depressing!
There's a story here, but it isn't well written and feels disappointingly underdeveloped.  It's unfortunate that a more talented person did not write it.
Quite surprised by the outcome!
great book - it was a fast read
I would not recommend this book
Very atmospheric and enjoyable.
my wife said it was a good read
Very good read, I recommend it.
I wanted it to end differently.
Good story, kept me intertained
Loved this book. Great mystery.
Good read, keeps you interested
I wasn't happy with the ending.
Great story did not like ending
Didn't like how the story ends.
It was ok. Ending was a downer.
Pretty well-written;  Good plot
Not my kind of book. Too weird.
Boring book.  Very disappointed
Fascinating story, well written
I wasn't crazy about the ending
Kept me reading until finished.
I hate the ending of this book!
Not what I thought it would be.
What started out as an interesting and delightful story ended in such a depressing, revolting set of circumstances that if I  had had a hard copy I would have trashed it. Surely  the author  could have found some way to help ADRIENNE while maintaining the evil personnel of her aunt and cousin. I assume the author likes ghost stories at any cost. I,'ll be more careful about what I read.
This book is a fast read which maintains the reader's interest.  I liked the flow of Hall's writing style.  I would read another one of her books.
I couldn't even begin this one... too wordy and weird. Not interesting to me at all... I wish I hadn't gotten it. Pass this one by for sure....
Kept me guessing till the end!
Don't expect a happy ending...
Did not like the way it ended.
Intriguing story well written.
I thoroughly enjoyed the story
Sad story but beautiful story.
Starts out slow then developes
Weak plot, shallow characters.
Good read but nothing special.
Very depressing for my tastes.
Very good book.  I enjoyed it.
Good story.  Mediocre writing.
Nice read for a snowy weekend.
Good writing, but predictable.
Great read!  Could hardly put it down. It's hard to believe that this is her first novel. The story keeps you deeply engaged from first page.
Not a good read don't waist your money .  Starts off slow and it never grabbed my total attention I did the speed read thing two tombs down
This was well written - I read it in a day.  Loved how real historical facts were weaved into a fascinating story.  Would recommend highly.
I'm not paid to write reviews
Surprise ending, great story.
Disappointing, abrupt ending.
Strange story. Had me fooled!
bad ending after a great book
I found this book depressing.
Great story and easy reading.
Good read.  Kept me enagaged!
Could not get into the story.
Good story kept my attention.
Interesting to say the least.
Couldn't get interested in it
A very dark and complex book.
I could not put the book down
Love the unexpected twists...
I don't care for sad endings.
The history was interesting .
Very good read, but very sad
Love genealogical mysteries!
Prosaic and a bit ridiculous
terrible ending disappointed
wouldn't recommend this book
Couldn't put this book down.
Great book, surprise ending.
Hooked and half way through.
Fun and at times scary read.
Depressing but well written.
Fun, but rather forgettable.
Excellent book! Great story!
Wasn't expecting that ending
Depressing but well written.
The end really surprised me.
Loved the story! Great read!
Quick read. Unexpected turn.
Slow moving not interesting.
Too sad, dreary and drug out
Fair read. A bit repetitive.
Well written but depressing.
Interesting historical value
Such a disappointing ending!
could not get into it at all
My husband read and liked it
This could have been a blockbuster movie but...<br/><br/>Author is fantastic at turning the locations into characters.<br/><br/>The characters themselves were very convincing and well done. You love them or hate them but indifferent to very few.<br/><br/>This book was a five++ star book for ME right up until the heroine of the story finds the letter on her Aunt's desk. From that point on for ME the story fell apart. The characters "came out of character" and I felt like the ending was a contrived cop out.<br/><br/>I'd love to see the author rework the book from the letter on... be worth another read.
This story started out well but then descended into evil. I would never recommend this story.<br/>No wonder it was free in Prime.
Boring.  Predictable.  I'm not sure why I finished it?  I kept thinking it HAD to get better.  Absolutely no redeeming qualities.
This book was a story of one miss fortunate event after another, with no redeeming qualities. Don't waste your time reading it!
That is the most depressing books I have ever read. Child molestation, creepy (not in an exciting way) characters. I feel sick.
Interesting but fell short.
Very good story. Enjoyable.
Didn't  like the  ending. .
I enjoyed reading this book
Very descriptive and moving
I really enjoyed this book.
Very good story. Easy read.
Scary but fascinating book.
I really enjoyed the story!
Well researched first novel
An enjoyable vacation read.
Would recommend to a friend
I REALLY ENJOYED THIS BOOK.
it was a good read but sad!
Wanted more about the ghost
This was just an okay book.
Good book. Kept my interest
Too traumatic and unnerving
This book never lags and the characters are brought to life. I didn't want to put it down.  And yes, I do believe in ghosts.
Interesting but disturbing
I never finished this book
I did not enjoy this book.
This was not well-written.
Very easy interesting read
Gripping read!  Quite sad…
Pretty good but not great.
Have not had time to read.
I really enjoyed this one.
This is a good light read.
Quite a fast moving story.
It was a good enough book.
Great story! Well written.
Loved it.Kept my interest.
A good book, well written.
Excellent and suspenseful.
Great story. Well written.
The writing is adequate but I am not a fan of tawdry melodrama.  Too much emotional sadism for me.  Am not interested.
Disappointing conclusion.
I really enjoyed the book
Didn't finish it. Boring.
Really enjoyed this book!
very entertaining reading
a well written narrative.
Dismal and disappointing.
Ok story line predictable
Great book to relax with.
This book was depressing!
Good reading - thank you.
I didn't like the ending.
Very disappointing ending
Love the historical info.
This is a very good book.
Spoilers: nothing good happens.<br/>This book starts quite well, characters are developed, the plot is rolling, I'm totally sucked in! And then suddenly everything goes downhill. Anything remotely good is replaced with something depressing. Then a bunch of terrible things happen, and it gets more depressing.  Each time you get a glimmer of hope, more depressing stuff happens.<br/>I stopped reading halfway through because I suddenly no longer cared how it ended, and I'm not usually one to give up on a book.  A few weeks later I figured I might as well finish, it could only get better from here right?? WRONG. Nothing gets better.  It's based on fact, can't change history, etc. - but seriously... so many dark, sad, terrible things.<br/>In conclusion, I'm not giving it 1 star simply because it was depressing, which it was, but the writing itself became confusing to follow as the author suddenly decides to change POV.  Read it if you must, but in my humble opinion, perhaps this one is better to be avoided.
The novel starts off slow, and I was fooled into believing this was a mystery story.<br/><br/>The characters are well rounded, and with few exceptions I found the setting enjoyable to read about and believable. The whole story is well situated in history, the clairvoyancy is used to set up some plot hooks, and the first half of the book eventually convinced me to see it through to the end.<br/><br/>However, the book ends very abruptly. The mysteries behind the earlier visions are very mundane and nothing really comes of them. Numerous characters are bussed off screen, leaving plot threads dangling. The end of the story is unusual, but I feel it hides behind the "based on a true story" moniker more than it justifies it.<br/><br/>In the end, none of the fictional side characters were necessary, the clairvoyant foreshadowing added very little to the plot, and the elaborate characterization was let down by a rapid return to what felt like a predetermined ending.
Ending was disappointing
I really liked this book
So slow . So depressing.
Look forward to reading!
Great book! Sad ending!!
I thought it depressing.
Slow moving. Predictable
gotta read it, very good
Really enjoyed the book!
Wonderful.  A must-read!
I couldn't put this book down. I was sorry when the story ended. It is based on real facts. Read it and enjoy
I loved this book. The writing was wonderful and I felt like I was there in the room. Couldn't put it down!
Extremely dark, this book fools you, into thinking it has something hopeful (maybe even magical) to offer; however it is pure nihilism in the end.  The author lures the reader, slowing turning from the hopeful tale of supernaturally talented child, into beautiful, but disappointed youth, into full-blown horror store of pedophilia, imprisonment, helplessness, hopelessness and murder.  The author requires several implausible events to set up the grim finale (the girl's family allowing to travel to America with her murderess Aunt? really?), which makes the sad end even more difficult to read.  Also of note, the author trots out the trope of the pedophile priest for good measure, I find this plot device extremely tired; how about something really a dynamic, a heroic priest (gasp!), of course, this would have required some hope, which this book lacks entirely.  This book should be labeled under "N" for nihilism.
Well written. Nice read
A little slow at times.
The book was very good!
enjoyable and easy read
It was very interesting
I couldn't put it down.
very interesting story.
I enjoyed it very much.
Very sad and depressing
i really liked it a lot
Keeps you wondering why
Did not hold my intrest
One of the better ones.
I hated how it ended! I
Just a depressing read.
Had high hopes and an interesting set up but it fell flat in the middle and end.  I was left disappointed.
I love to read and read all books to the end, because one just never knows . . . This ghastly book is dark and truly sick and wish I had given heed to the other one star reviews. I would correlate reading this book and the way my stomach felt as I read the last page as the way an innocent child must feel when all trust has been stripped from their lives. The book started quite favorably, so the sample led me to invest in the book (I'm a kindle reader).  Bad decision!  I have read haunting novels before - not haunting as in ghosts, but haunting as they stay with you, whispering to you long after the final page has been read. But those that whisper have value - they leave a message in my heart and inspire my soul. This book is trash. Plain and simple - it's trash. If you are a happy person and want to see what it may be like to feel sickened, hopeless and depressed - then read this sick waste of time.
Absolutely depressing.
Yawner. Disappointing.
Very depressing ending
A very enjoyable read!
Really good book....:)
The end was a shocker!
Great book a must read
Well done and exciting
Captivating storyline.
Could not get into it.
Good but not my style.
It just wasn't for me.
A very depressing read
Very mundain and slow.
A very enjoyable read.
Loved it. But very sad
Writing and storytelling of the author is great, however the subject matter goes from sad to depressing with no redeeming moment ever arising. While I prefer happy endings, I'm fine with a sad story that ends with the character overcoming their tragic past or a lesson learned that transcends generations. This however just goes from bad to worse and ends more depressing than ever. You keep waiting for that moment of triumph or strength and it never comes.
Oh,my what a story,this is the first book I've read by this Author.And it is wonderful, you have to read it,<br/> It's about a young girl,that can see in the future,which she received this gift from her grandmother that could see the future.Her mother isn't a where  that she is capable of doing this,she is a very lonely little  girl where you want to take in your arms and protect her. The same way her grandad  tried to do.she had a nanny that raised her from almost birth,she New about her special gift and tried to keep her safe. But like in all series there is a villion and this story is no different. And it is heart breaking to read what she went through. You must read this book I guarantee you won't be able to put it  down,and you won't be able to stop crying .<br/>Thank you  .,for the story it was free I will read more by this Author
fun with a sad ending
Good, but depressing!
Easy, enjoyable read.
Ending seemed abrupt.
It was sad not scary.
Too sexually explicit
I enjoyed reading it!
Confusing from start!
I didn't care for it.
I enjoyed it.  Thanks
Fun  mystery romance.
boring and depressing
I enjoyed this story.
Good read,  Liked it.
A surprising ending!!
wouldn't recommend it
Just a so-so mystery.
To sad a read for me.
This is a great book!
Was pretty good read.
Very depressing book.
Disappointing ending.
Just alright reading.
very good  enjoyed it
sordid and depressing
Disappointing ending.
Enjoyed reading book.
I got this book based on the premise of a psychological thriller and the good reviews.  I was horribly disappointed.  The book started off as somewhat boring, and I kept waiting for it to "heat up."  A little girl could "see" into other people's lives, which had the potential to cause gossip in her village.  Kind of a lame premise, but I felt there was potential for more.  Horribly depressing event after horribly depressing event kept happening to said girl, but you keep hoping for her to overcome, for her to get the upper hand, and to turn the tables on her tormentors.  Or at least break free of them... but no, there is no payoff.  And then it just kind of ends.<br/>I was considering giving two stars because I did manage to finish, but I kept thinking that there must be a payoff for the reader at some point.
i was so horribly disappointed with this book and I love this genre normally. the writimg itself was good but nothing in the description prepares you for the crappiest ending in the world. It just kept devolving into this downward spirsl of awful evil and there was no release for the reader. I dont want to spoil the ending but it would be comparable to watching an episode of Criminal Minds where the main victim dies a horrible anyway and the serial killer walks away free. You just cant put the readerthru all that torment to not have something redeeming happen in the end.  I hated that  wasted my time on this drivel for such a terrible ending. If you really want to read it you would do well to remember that the whole story is concocted to explan the presence of a real ghost. Knowimg that, you may not feel as cheated as I did.
Book was depressing.
Easy diverting read.
I enjoyed this book.
Good afternoon read.
Keeps your interest,
Kept me entertained.
Very enjoyable read.
have not read it yet
Not the best, but ok
This was a good read
As Expected.  Thanks
Good rainy day read.
Very enjoyable read.
Nothing more to say.
nice history lesson!
couldn't put it down
Good rainy day read.
Very engaging story!
I nice weekend read.
Disappointed in end.
I liked it very much
Love this genre ....
Ugh what a horrible story with unhappy miserable ending. Mothers who don't take care of their children, philandering father, murderous aunt, nasty cousin and suicide UGH UGH UGH should have stopped reading, kept reading to find out how she escapes but it'd horrible!
A depressing story!
Very good reading!!
Disappointing plot.
VERY ENGAGING TALE.
It was a good read.
Not my type of book
Very very good!!!!!
It was pretty good.
It was interesting.
Keeps your interest
Hated the ending...
Not amazing at all.
good reading, like.
Very gd book so far
Enjoyed this book!!
Delightful escapism
enjoyed it greatly.
Good reading.......
Pretty predictable.
It was a good read.
It was a nice read.
The author took a local folk tale about a haunted house and turned it into a very readable story that weaves together a young girl able to see the future and a collection of dysfunctional relatives unable to cope with the consequences of the girl's visions.  I thought the writing was very good; the characters well developed and believable (assuming that you can buy into a modest amount of psychic ability), set in rural France and Colorado in the late 1800's.  The connection between the story and the title of the book only becomes apparent at the end, which is my only criticism - while I was reading, I kept wondering whether there had been a mistake with the title, but patience was rewarded at the end of the story.
This book is not so much about a ghost or haunting.  Rather, it takes you deep into the lives of a dysfunctional family.  Possessing wealth and stature, each family member deals differently with how to maintain that status.  Embarrassment and fear of a girl's telepathic visions evokes many emotions and reactions from the family.  Elizabeth Hall superbly portrays the love, apathy, betrayal, trust, mistrust, misguided responsibility, and a deep hatred that imprisons beyond life itself.  I rate this book 5 stars for its ability to cause the reader to review their own lives and the impact of their own reactions to adversity.  Adults should take heed in allowing access to young readers due to some brief sexual content.
Interesting story.
Interesting ending
Held my attention!
I enjoyed it much!
Good book. Smooth.
Good beach reading
A bit dragged out,
Enjoyed this book!
Very gripping read
I loved this book.
A real page turned
Interesting story.
Enjoyed this book!
very depressingly.
Really good story!
Not really for me.
Interesting so far
enjoyed this book.
Boring and trite.
Hated the ending.
wonderful reading
full of surprises
Interesting read.  Kept me intrigued.
Enjoyed the book.
Pretty good book!
Surprisingly good
Depressing story.
Still reading it.
Very well written
EXCELLENT WRITING
A view of history
Still reading it.
enjoyed the book!
Interesting story
Interesting story
Very entertaining
I very good book.
Boring.  Stilted style of writing.  Didn't get past the first several pages.
Although this story was well written, I wish that I had read the editor's description more carefully and realized that this was definitely not my cup of tea.  I regret purchasing as well as reading it.  If you like books with happy endings, look elsewhere!  The prologue ultimately doesn't make sense until you finish the story.  The main part of the story is about the heroine's life, beginning as a young clairvoyant child from a wealthy aristocratic french family. This part of the story is fine for the most part, unfortunately it slowly gets darker and more tragic as the story progresses.  I kept hoping for a happy ending but there isn't one.  Very depressing.
I read this book because I enjoy Historical Fiction. Some of the reviews said it was 'dark'. Had no idea 'dark' was referring to rape, incest, and a perverse interest in young girls. Completely ruined the book for me. Being fair, taking those parts out, I would give the book 2 to 3 stars for the writing. I understand that this is the authors first novel. There were some awkward transitions wrt time, place, and events. Fairly good character development with certain characters, but could be improved with others. Overall, I would not have read the book had I known about the offensive subject matter. I cannot recommend this book.
Very predictable
Too unbelievable
Loved this book.
Very interesting
One word boring.
Enjoyed reading!
It was just okay
just a nice read
Enjoyable read !
Hated the ending
waste of time...
Surprise ending.
Good beach read.
Very disjointed.
Nice story line.
Couldn't finish.
Well written and
Good transaction
very enjoyable!!
Kept my interest
Liked the booked
Kept my interest
Did not like it.
Terrible ending.
Not the best..OK
Depressing read.
so far it's good
Very good read!!
I agree with most of the reviewers ratings from 3-1 stars.  The book starts with promise, then, the author seems to tire of writing.  There is a sudden rush to the end and the characters lose the direction.  They act completely out of character.  This suggested the beginning required more foreshadowing or more careful character development.  Only one character, the grandfather, was in the slightest bit compelling.  The rest were a bunch of spineless dishmops; overly addicted to fatalism.  Great in concept; based on a fascinating building and intriguing real life villains--it needed another rewrite before release.  Too bad.
The novel had a promising start,,, I made the mistake of allowing myself to forget that this was a fictional portrayal of a ghost of a real residence and what the town thought what might have caused her to become a ghost and what her back story was....I thought this was going to be a story of a girl who rises up and frees herself from her tormentors....not lay down and accept the abusive that is directed at her by deranged family members.  I had hoped this book would have a strong end with a story of redemption however it was not to be and I was forced to spend 3 hrs reading a book I will forget about by next month
This book was a complete waste of reading time.  I sensed this early on, and almost put it down, but I'm stubborn, so I finished it.<br/><br/>There was one interesting element in the book:  the clairvoyance of the protagonist.  This wasn't developed, though, but simply served as a plot device.  Not that the plot was well developed, either.<br/><br/>What, exactly, is the point of a book in which everything that happens to the protagonist is terrible, including some really improbable events?  There was no growth, no satisfying resolution; no resolution at all, really; it ends with a damp fizzle.
This book was well written. It was a good ghost story. For that would give it four stars. I give it three simply because the story was so tragic I couldn't handle it. I am really struggling over the rating. Is it a story worth reading?  Yes, well thought out. Believable, though there were some areas that I wish were more definitively resolved.  It is a good, classic ghost story. But the tragedy was more than I could personally bear.  If you get swept away by stories and attached to characters, tread lightly.  If you just in the mood for a well written ghost story, you have found a good candidate.
Miramount’s Ghost is a historical fiction novel by Elizabeth Hall.  It is told primarily from Adrienne but some have the POV from characters.  I got a copy of this for free on Kindle First.  I like to try new types of books with it.<br/><br/>The story takes place in the late 1800’s in France and America.  I had no prior knowledge about Miramount Castle.  It appears well researched.  I was hooked for about 86%.  Poor Adrienne!  But the last 14% made me ill.  Then end was not for me.  I realize that it was a ghost story but there was no resolution for me to feel comfortable with the ending.
liked this book
Excellent book!
Enjoyable read.
Just depressing
Enjoyable read.
very good read.
Surprise ending
Excellent book!
This author has created a marvelous story using historical journal and knowledge of the culture during this time period both in France and in South Western U.S..  Masterful job of taking the pieces of history and filling in the possible blanks of what and how it happened. Great for all ages.
I'll admit, I'm only half way through, but this is a painful read. I can only take so much of 'she looked at this, she sighed, she looked at that.' Incredible imagery? Not so much.The short, choppy sentences make me feel like I'm reading a middle-school creative writing attempt. None of the characters in this book are even remotely interesting, and every single plot detail seems contrived, cliché, and poorly planned. I've been wading my way through this book for three weeks and nothing interesting has happened yet. I'm glad I only spent $1.99 on this. Save your money.
I was able to read this book as a free preview, had I paid for it, I would have had buyers remorse. The story is starts slow, continues slow, and finally ends. There are several derogatory passages regarding the Native American population that portray them as deceitful, ignorant, stubborn, and ungrateful for the forced-upon-them religious beliefs of the Catholic church, which I found to be downright insulting. Overall, a very boring read full of arrogance that leads absolutely nowhere. Save your money and choose any other book, as it will be a better read than this.
Very good book
Very good book
light read but
Fun easy read
Disappointing
I'm not the kind of person who believes that every book needs a happy ending or who hates reading about sad things but the last half of this book was one never ending spiral of horrible things, one after another.  I kept waiting for something to happen that would make reading it worth my while but it kept getting worse and worse.  By the time I was done, I felt sick to my stomach and that night, I actually lost sleep thinking about it and feeling angry and disgusted.  I wish that I had never read it.
There is no redemption in this book.  The writer/writing is excellent, the story is not.  The heroine is tormented, abandoned and betrayed.  She finally kills herself  (she is only 17?  18?).  Her aunt and cousin (her tormentors) simply leave the city after, they bury in the house chapel.  That's it.  The young girl remains locked in the house as a ghost for 100 years until she learns to let go and forgive, then she evaporates  "like fog".<br/><br/>It is a heavy and hopeless tale.
I found it hard to put this novel down. I had hoped for a "happy ending" which would have been fine as I came to like heroine of the story and felt she had endured enough sorrow and torture by age 17 to deserve a happily ever after. It was a shock that she ended up being the ghost, though thinking back to the beginning, I should have realized this. The author does a very good job of making you hate the villains and love the worthy characters. I'll look for more written by Elizabeth Hall.
I should've just abandoned this book when I initially walked away about 1/3 of the way through.<br/><br/>I love a good, dark story and looked forward to this. I was SO disappointed. I'm glad I didn't pay for this. It was slow and anti-climactic. I skipped a good deal of the book because it was just so incredibly boring. It's rare that I read a book that I dislike so much and this is one of those rare times. I finished it because I had already begun it, but should've let this one go.
I started thinking by chapter 10 it was time to put the book down. I have  "quit a book" twice in my life, and now wish I would have given up on this tale. Just eeewwwwww. Icky.  Well written, descriptive, fully developed characters, but on a handful of occasions, you beg the character to not do something stupid. ( Reminiscent of a horror story when you say "No, don't go into the swamp in your nightgown!")  If you are in the mood for a depressant, this is your ticket!
Please save yourself from disappointment and do not read this book. The beginning of this book was really good but by the end you were left with nothing but sadness. There was absolutely no justice at all for our protagonist. So much of the story was never fully developed and you were left hanging.<br/>I seriously am angry for how this  story turned out. It really did have potential. As far as everyone  who gave it more than one star.....did we read the same book?
I rarely leave a book unfinished but I just can't seem to force myself to continue reading this plodding tale. Far from a page-turner, I consistently found myself putting this book down in favor of others. I find "precocious child" characters unappealing in general and Adrienne is no different, which made this book even more of a challenge for me to read. The characters that surround her, likewise, arouse little from me besides indifference and irritation.
No comments.
I was not sure if I was going to get into the book as of first, but I decided to give it a chance and see it through the pre.<br/>Turns out I could not set it my device down. I used the audible version which was awesome I must say to hear the different voices lol. But I thoroughly enjoyed the book. Definitely surprised me with the nearing of the ending. I did not see that twist coming AT ALL!!<br/>I would and will be recommending this read to others.
The writing of this novel, the actual syntax, is something I have missed in reading most modern novels.  As avid readers we have lessened our expectations of the narrative of a good book and that is sad.  Elizabeth Hall brings back the style of writing that reminds me of Mary Stewart, Madeline Brent and Victoria Holt.  Her writing is beautifully descriptive and undeniably lyrical.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this exceptional and poignant novel.
I wish this story went someplace besides down the entire time.  The main character gets beat down by her overbearing aunt the entire story, main character's mother is a doormat to her sister and sister's abuse of everyone, her life gets worse as soon as beloved grandfather dies, her one true love dies, pedophile cousin rapes her, aunt keeps poisoning her...  It just gets ridiculous how depressing this story gets, and then keeps going!  Annoying.
This was one of the most depressing books that I have ever read.  Elizabeth Hall did not create a lead character in Adrienne,  but a victim.  She added some things toward the end of the story that may have explained Marie's motivation for her behavior, but it was not developed.  I kept expecting there to be some hopeful resolution to the plot and this occurred with the last paragraph of the book.  I would not recommend this book to anyone.
I enjoy a good paranormal mystery.  However, this is not one of them.  I found it too dark, too depressing, too poorly written.  I did finish it, thinking maybe there would actually be a plot somewhere in it.  I was disappointed.  It just dragged on, and the ending was utterly anticlimactic.  I like to feel "good" after reading a good book, not happening with this one.  Don't bother!  Even for free, it's not worth your time.
GOOD STORY.
Great read.
Very good !
Good read!!
Great read!
quick read
Good Story
Enjoyed it
Good read.
Great book
good novel
Great read
great read
Love'd it!
bad ending
Good book!
Good read.
Depressing
Great book
Good Read.
Good read!
Great book
Good book!
Great book
great book
I liked it
good book.
Great read
good read.
Great book
Good read.
Good read.
GREAT book
Different.
An ok read
Good read
Good book
Excellent
With characters that seem to be stock generics from the  gothic horror genre this book fails to interest the reader in their fate. What little plot it has is as predictable as they get. The story doesn't so much even have a conclusion but seems to just expire from boredom caused by the lacklustre plot and flat characters.
The beginning couple of chapters took a bit to put together but when you get all the characters straightened out...  This is a page-turner.  I am in Jamaica at the moment where I should be out in the sun but instead I am sitting on the veranda outside my room telling everyone don't talk to me.  ;)  Twisted ending.
Not my cup of tea.  Two- thirds of the way through the book, the story becomes strained and tedious.  Cousin Julien's depravity is guessed at early on.  Aunt Marie is the spitting image of many evil stepmother's found in children's fairy tales.  I stopped reading at page 236 and will perhaps, later on, try again.
This story is so depressing. The main character (I definitely wouldn't call her a heroine) is abused (emotionally and sexually) by her family from a young age. Yet even when there were potential escapes she gives up hope. There is no happy ending for any of the characters in this book. I would not recommend it.
This was a disappointment.  Nothing hopeful/happy happens to the main character during her lifetime and then when she becomes the "ghost" she predictably can only be relieved of being doomed to haunting by letting go of anger.  I had hoped for more given the potentially interesting historical context.
Gripping
Ok read.
Horrible
Love it!
liked it
Terrible
Love it.
So lame.
Perfect.
Plodding
Liked it
liked it
Awesome!
While I was surprised at just how dark this book is and how many awful things happen to the main character (seriously, one thing after another), I enjoyed it. I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised given the background of the story. But, I was. Don't read this if you're looking for a feel-good story!
This book seemed so promising in the beginning, but it turned out to be quite disappointing. I wish the author had given more depth to this novel and allowed an ending that was more cohesive to the rest of the story. It reminded me of "the flowers in the attic", but the ending was much less satisfying.
I'd actually go 4-1/2 stars on this.  It really kept my interest and the prologue had some very interesting facts.  I had little problem with her visions as she only seemed to see unhappy future events.  Seems to me if someone were claravoiyant, there would be a good vision in there from time to time!
Well written and captivating. At first I was not too sure about the material but I pressed on because of the quality of the writing and because I have always wondered about the phenomenon of ghosts. Is it possible? There is a book entitled "ghosts of malta"which leads you to believe they exist...
Weak characters, slow pacing. I kept waiting, hoping for improvement, but the story did nothing but leave me annoyed that I wasted my time reading it. So many elements could have been further developed to make this a much better read, but weren't. A missed opportunity for an interesting premise.
The most depressing, hopeless, gloomy saga I have ever read. No relief from the oppressive tone was evident anywhere. I wish now I had not persevered but discarded it early on.<br/> The title applied to the stilted last chapter only. It was poorly set and appeared a feeble salvage attempt.
Loved the story! I happened to stumble upon this and I'm so glad I purchased and read it. The author does a fantastic job at telling a fictional  story interwoven with factual events. It is a quick read. I got through the book in about a 24 hour timeframe because I couldn't put it down.
Even though the story is fiction, it is written in a beautiful setting.  The history and manners of the times are well documented.  The personalities are believable and you become caught up in the events!  Enjoyed reading this book and recommend it for anyone that enjoys period pieces!!
This was an engrossing read. Taboo topics are the main themes, but they are not as graphic as I feared. For me, fiction is a place where the endings happen in ways we want to see them in real life; I was disappointed in that this book brought no satisfaction in its ending for anything.
In giving this book 4 stars, I am hoping to entice other readers to lose themselves in an imaginative tale, based partly on facts, and well developed fiction. The characters are likable, or not, depending upon their role. Elizabeth Hall has been added to "writers to watch for" list.
I found this to be a very disturbing story about a girl who has premonitions and whose life devolves as her family tries to keep this a secret, and subsequently reveal their own dysfunctional issues.  As the book progresses it gets darker and I found no redeeming value to the story.
I'm sorry I kept reading.  Horribly disjointed, slow to develop, finally starts to build then falls off the track.  Feels like the first half and second half were two seperate books that were poorly smushed together.  It builds plot and characters and then abandons them mid story.
The author takes you through a maze of unfortunate circumstances with nothing but depressing outcomes for the entire book.  I held on to the end thinking surely there was something positive to be taken away but it only ended in the worst possible way. Would not recommend at all.
Writing starts to draw you in, I did have to force myself to finish it,just to get it done. I have enjoyed historical novels based on facts that would bring a story to life. This one wanted to suck every joy from life. Wow if you want to feel depressed, this is the book for you.
This is a well written story. However there is much build up of pain and grief which ends in a way that never delivers any ointment. Life is full of tragedy, fiction should be brighter. Of course, if you love a good tragedy, you may have a good one in this. Not for the hopeful.
I finished this book, but I HATED it. It was too dark, dragged on, never ending hopelessness! All was in vain, visions were useless. No justice, no peace, ending so unsatisfying I wanted to scream! Glad I did not pay for this, or I would want my money back.<br/><br/>Mike
SPOILER! Book began very promising but then just rambled on with no real resolution.  I was disappointed.  I wanted her to stand up and do something.  Instead, she kills herself and the cruel aunt and pedophile cousin get away with it all.  Not a good ending; felt rushed.
I really enjoyed this book. I have never heard of this book or the author before but since I was able to get the book for free using Amazon prime, I thought I would check it out.  The book kept my interest from start to finish and I really never wanted to put it down.
Just ok
Too sad
Ok read
Booring
AWESOME
It's ok
I don't remember who recommended this  or why I was compelled to read this book but I'm glad I did.<br/>But I don't like stories where the main character could have changed their blight but doesn't. The author ties it all together with her epilogue and the afterward.
I read this book as a part of the kindle free preview for prime. I have to say I skimmed most of the first reviews and thought "ghost story?! Count me in!" However, the book did not live up to my expectations for a solid ghost story. Rather, this is a work of historical fiction, which may or may not include the mention of a ghost (merely as bookends in my opinion). I found the characters to be well-written. The plot...well...some chapters would agonizingly linger on the smallest of details, while others would begin months, sometimes years later with no explanation or very little indication that such time had passed. Like a terrible driver who can't regulate their speed on the highway. I found it very dark and sometimes depressing, but that didn't bother me as much as the whole "ghost story" bait-and-switch. If historical fiction and depressing stories are your bag, saddle up. If ghost stories (ones that really give you that spine tingling thrill) are more your speed, take a hard pass. It's still intriguing to read, just not what I was expecting.
Reading the description I hoped for a bit more. The story was slow to start although the description of the town and scenery kept me reading. The book has some unexpected twists and turns but I had to push myself to finish reading. Not my cup of tea.
I will not go into details of the book, but I did not feel a sense of fulfillment when I got to the end. There were quite a few places where I couldn't put it down, but there was never the feeling of getting to the end and the story being complete!
This book stared off great and had serious potential with the main characters gift, but the writer took that no where and the ending was a major let down. I enjoyed this until I was about 75% of the way and very disappointed with the remaining 25%.
While hoping for a happy ending for the heroine, I appreciate how real the story felt, and only understood at the end why. The story was so well written and the characters and background were made very believable.
My only gripe....adrienne endured too much. Marie and her son should have paid for what they did to her, her family should have found out....there was no justice at all. Other than the ending, very good read.
Absolutely heartbreaking tale. Excellent character development, good storyline, and it all ties to a real life story. Got it free on kindle in January 2015, and just got around to it at the end of July 2015.
I was very disappointed with this storyline.  I kept reading because I thought it would get better, but it only became more depressing. After I finished it I was very sad and disturbed with the whole story.
So sorry I wasted my time. Ugly plot ugly story tried to finish and couldn't. Unfortunately I made it to last chapters. So disgusted by myself for sticking it out when I could have been cleaning the toilet
This story was a page turner. From scenery description to character development you dive into this story & get lost. I truly enjoy historical fiction with a twist from true events, this book was very good.
I love not knowing what's going to happen next! If you like mystery, historical fiction and not being able to put the book down, this is a book for you.  There's something new & intriguing at every turn.
Adrienne is a clairvoyant but her family is concerned with protecting her... if you have ever read flowers in the attic, give this novel a try. Beautifully described scenes and well developed characters.
Sometimes there is too much detail, other times it's choppy and there are a few rabbit trails. No happy ending. Kept waiting for a real climax, but instead was immersed in a feeling of never-ending doom.
There is a good story here, but for meant parts of the story made feel like I missed something, or that I was missing half of a conversation.  All in all the story needs more details and filler.
in the beginning I was hooked but after a while I found the tone of the book tiresome. It stayed on an even keel of misery Throughout. The end was not convincing and seemed a bit convenient.
Fair.
Great
Ehhh!
Great
great
Fair.
Great
Feel like the story never really got going and then totally changed direction and never really finished.  When I got to the end, I felt like I had wasted too much time reading this one.
I really like the way the story was presented.  It kept me glued until almost the end. I'll admit I got lost and had to re read the last eight chapters, but I enjoyed the book overall
I read this book over a 2 day period.  I could not put it down, but had to do life things in the mean time. I loved it!!!!! What a good read and great history fictional or, not!!!!??
From the first chapter, you are brought back to 1800's France......... from the real family to the creative process the author gently pushes through. Thoroughly enjoyed this novel.
I almost put this book down several times during the first few chapters. I stuck with it and it did get more interesting – though I don't know if I would call it an enjoyable read.
I had never read anything by this author before--got the book because of the advertisement--but I very much enjoyed her storytelling voice as well as the history/fantasy elements.
I liked the concept of the story - with the main characters ability to see the future.  However, I didn't know it was based on a true story.  It was a bit anti climatic for me.
Once you start this book you won't be able to put it down. I got it as a kindle first book and am glad I did, it is a unique book and a wonderful debut novel from this author.
A nice read with a cast of characters, some fascinating some too complicated. All in all a good read. Especially interesting is the semi-historical component to the story.
Had to keep reading as quickly as possible to get to the end result. Very exciting.  Characters were so effectively described I was comparing them to known persons.
I never knew what was going to happen next.  Suspenseful, intriguing, with an ending to learn by. I didn't want to put it down.  I love the way Elizabeth writes.
I enjoy historical fiction. Story moves along at a good pace and holds your interest to the very end. Will definitely look for more books by this author.
A very interesting story.  You certainly don't know where the story Klan line is taking you until you read the last page. You will note be disappointed!
I really enjoyed reading this book and the way the author writes, kept my interest. I can't say much about the ending because that would be a spoiler.
I choose this rating due to not being able to put the book down.  The story, the pain felt by all the characters was palpable. I greatly enjoyed it.
Good
None
Good
good
Good
good
Good
good
Compelling,  you just can't put it down.  One of the best books I've read in a while.  Based in part on true events makes it even more interesting.
Nothing of joy hope or positivity here.  No dreams realized.  Characters were one dimensional - either kind and weak or vivacious and overbearing.
I usually read non fiction but really enjoyed the story.  I live in Colorado Springs and didn't realize the history behind the Miramont castle.
I did not read much past chapter 3 as it did not hold my interest at all. I almost always read all of a book, so this is highly unusual for me.
Completely unbelievable. No way the main character would allow herself to be treated that way and dragged off by her aunt. Silly. No suspense.
Couldn't put it down once i got through the first few pages. VERY intriguing! Thinking i would love to take a vacation and tour this castle!
Was hard to put this down. Enthralling and tragic.... Found myself aching for resolution to the building tragedy. Good verses evil...hmmmm
If you want to be depressed and disgusted read this book.  This book is mostly fiction and does not tell the truth behind the real castle.
Book kept me interested in reading further. Love true story paranormal activities. Book worth reading to understand past lives of others
This book has interesting characters moves aLong quickly with many unexpected twists making it hard to put down. I enjoyed reading it.
A bit of fiction created from pieces of truth.<br/>A great read!<br/>I'm a bit disappointed how it ended but would read it again!!!
Slow pace, one depressing event after another, and abrupt ending. Left me unsatisfied and feeling like I wasted my time reading it.
Didnt relieve my boredom, not that interesting or belevable. Writing acceptable, content not up to task. Thus the giveaway I guess.
Morning's ghost was a good read. Very well written and interesting characters. I would recommend this book for your entertainment.
Not the kind of ending I wanted but well written.<br/><br/>Very intriguing, story; all will enjoy and be glad they picked it up.
Waste of time. Started to be interesting, but then just took a turn and ended. Not even sure why it is considered a ghost story.
Loved the story. I didn't realize until after I finished it that was inspired by actual events which made it even better for me.
Gripping from page to page, from chapter to chapter, from beginning to end. Could not put this book down.  Absolute must read.
It's unfortunate because I think this could have been a great story but it was drawn out and boring. Don't waisted your money.
The beginning captured my attention with detail and promise, only to come to a rushed, choppy and disappointing ending.<br/>.
I did not enjoy this book, nor did I gain anything by reading it.<br/>This is a sick tale ,  leaving a haunting bad feeling.
Could  ot put this book down  I loved it! I felt like I new every one involved in this story. I recommend this book to read.
I really enjoyed this book! I love historical fiction and this book didn't disappoint! It is a good read! Hard to put down!
Dark and disappointing.  Promise unfulfilled just like the heroine.  Could've used a dab of optimism or at least a paxil
Sucked the main character became a ghost? And the conflict was  not real feel ripped off ttttttgg ttttttgg ttttttgg tiff
Rating of 4 stars to reflect a blend of historic past and present and family tragedy in easy reading.<br/><br/>Marian
I went into this book without knowing a thing about it. I am very glad I took the chance. It was indeed a clever story.
I was totally captivated by this book.  I had it read in two sittings. It kept me wanting to know what was coming next.
This book bored me. I could barely get through it. I was waiting for something interesting to happen and it never did.
A ten page story crammed into a book. Boring and predictable. Don't waste your time on this piece of fluff.
Couldn't get through this thing. 25% in and hoping for something remotely interesting to happen. Moved on.
I wish there would have been a warning that rape, incest and pedophilia were part of this book. Not a fan.
It was a very good book. Easy to read.loved the story. Sad.most was true.very sad. I hope she finds peace.
Book kept me guessing and surprised as to what actually happened. Wasn't what I thought or what I wanted.
Ms Hall dreams you into a captivating tale of Adrienne and doesn't let go until the final word is read.
Starts off a little slow but. .. it keeps your attention..... great read... little surprised by ending.
What could have been an interesting story became depressing and hopeless.  I feel sorry for the writer.
This book gripped me till the end. The things that happened to the protagonist were totally unexpected.
Good start.  Terrible ending!  I felt like I wasted my time hoping for something redeeming to happen.
I live in Denver and feel like going down to visit the castle.<br/>I look forward to EH's next book.
This was a  sad twisted story.  A sad girls life and child sexual assault by a priest. awful topics.
I was hooked the whole way through but the ending was was awful!  Ruined the entire book for me.
Miramont’s Ghost is outstanding. It was absolutely the most entertaining book I’ve read in ages!
I enjoy ghost stories but this isn't really one. Very depressing book. I wish I had not read it.
I have been to this castle and it was fun to read this author's book - what a creative mind!
This book had some good high points but that did not make up for the overall depressing feel of the whole book. The little hope that was offered to the characters was quickly reduced or hardly mentioned through out the plot. Then the ending? it was like the author just didn't know what to do with story and wanted to just get it over with.
I kept waiting for something to happen; but it never really did. It had so much potential.
This author has talent. Sadly by the middle of the book I had lost interest due to the unrelenting gloom. I had to skip to the end. I don't need a happy ending however I could figure out where this was going and could not deal with the pain of getting there. Again the writer has a great talent but could not hold me until the end.
Completely compelling.  I was fascinated with the mail character from the very beginning.
I was very surprised how much I enjoyed the book. I would read anther one by the author.
Very Good Book! love the surprise ending and the tag to the real story it was based on..
It just went no where, finishing in a Very junior high school report wrap up at the end.
I got to half of book then became dark, was written well but I just couldn't finish it
Am entertaining book, just a little predictable.  I would recommend to friends.
I read this because I'm from the area but wish I hadn't. No hope in this story.
This was a good historical fiction but it felt unfinished not in a good way.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It was much better than expected.
Rambling, the tale droned on and I couldn't empethise with the character.
I was so mad after reading this book. Started off with a bang, then went down hill. Just like all the negative reviews hated the end. I could stop reading because I read the negative reviews and thought really the ending would be different. What a let down. :(
:)
ok
Ok
ok
OK
The book is an easy read. Suspenseful, heart wrenching and touching.
overly descriptive, long. i kept thinking "get to the point"
Concept boring, no feelings for the characters, no ghost in sight
Started out thinking it would be good,  got worst page by page.
The story was boring and had a weird and very depressing ending
Greatv Read<br/><br/>Great Read<br/><br/>Richard Riversky<br/>Author of<br/><br/> 8 Reasons To Retire In Antigua Guatemala  [B00HXONXD2) and<br/><br/> A Retiree Now? The Best Time In Life To Write A Book [B00F2Y1TQI]
Very sad and disheartening. Was hoping for more of a mystery.
This was the most depressing book I've ever read in my life.
Not one I would have bought if I had read a sample chapter.
Not worth the time I took to try & read it, Poorly written
Never even bothered to finish it. And that never happens.
Intriguing read. Love that it is based on a real story.
This was poor judgement on the history  of this place
This was a good book!! I I had to continue to read!!!
Hoping for a better ending but it is a great read!
Much too long, cute story, twist on the ending.
The central character deserved a better ending.
Good and unpredictable....my kind of reading!
Fairly interesting plot but ending was rushed
Well written, engaging. Well worth the read!
Very intriguing book, was hard to but down.
The story is intense, holds your attention.
Depressing festering turdfest of a book.
Not a Romantic ghost story as expected.
very suspenseful couldn't stop reading
Great, interesting, fun read!
Excellent read with a twist.
This is a well crafted novel which, despite a macabre change in tone, will keep you reading to the end.
This was a really fun read!
Another Kindle First free read, and I have extremely mixed emotions about this one.  While parts were very well written and engaging, the overall story was incredibly depressing and left me feeling demoralized.  I also found most of the characters completely unlikable.  The way the author kept shifting the narrative perspective was a little unbalanced, and sometimes felt like a new driver inexpertly shifting gears and popping the clutch.  One of those books that I kind of had to force myself to finish reading, just to confirm that it would have a very unsatisfying, unhappy ending for any character that I found even remotely appealing.  Perhaps that is the way the world actually works, but I often read to escape reality.  I'm fine with a sad story, but not a depressing one.  Not sure what my next read is yet, but I'm hoping for something a little more joyful!
Did not care for the book
Absolutely depressing.
What a horrible story.
Couldn't put it down!
dark and not worth it
Another great book !
Boring, very boring.
It was a great book
It was a good book.
I loved this book
Mediocre writing.
Very nice read.
very elementary
Loved the book!
dull reading
awesome
I started out liking this story though I found the author improved Tod each part to the point I would skip entire pages. If.  I had read the last pages court , I would not have read the book at all.
Unhappy ending.
Depressing tale,so depressing that anything good about the writing is lost.Not sure what the point or lesson of the story was exactly.
The characters are flat, stereotypes. The story ends abruptly without a true conclusion. Good descriptions of France and the West
Good
Good
okay
This was a pretty good read but I did not like the ending! Every one dead nope did like the end.
End of the book was awful...didn't mind the first part but the end was just awful for me.
