How is it possible that this is a first novel? It is so exquisite, so marvelously perfect, so regally quiet and elegant that surely, it must come from the hands of a old soul author. But no. This is Celeste Ng's first novel, and in it, she has painted such a deeply felt, original story. This book shall remain with me for the rest of my days.<br/><br/>Everything I Never Told You is a story of secrets, of love, of longing, of lies, of race, of identity, and knowledge. The story begins with the death of Lydia, daughter of Marilyn and James, which is told in the first sentence and slowly revealed through the book. Her death drives the narrative, and yet, this story is bigger, grander than this central mystery. Marilyn wanted to defy society's narrow vision of her life and become a doctor, while James is trying to overcome humble beginnings and a society judging him based on his race. Together, they conventions, marry and create a family. Nathan, oldest son on his way to Harvard, Lydia, the middle sister and favorite one, and Hannah, truly growing up invisible. Together, Ng has created a complex, complicated family that rings so true on every page. There isn't a false note in the story.<br/><br/>Perhaps the power of this book lies in the writing of Ng. Her prose is lyrical and light, allowing you to float in the scenes, often between characters, as if you are a literary ghost spying on these people. She moves her story along when it needs to, and allows certain scenes to linger when needed. The effect is magnificent. She also embues the realities of racism, that appropriately jar the reader, which at first seem to be just a "matter of the times" (she painfully uses the word Oriental to describe people) but in reality plays a bigger role in the story. I appreciated it.<br/><br/>By the time you read the final page, you realize Ng has managed to create such a reality, and that when it ends, there is a sense of loss. Much like the family must deal with the loss of Lydia, we must deal with the loss of these imperfect and real people. This book reveals much, about them, about us, about our country, about our society. It is a book that begs for conversation, that begs to be discussed, interpreted, and argued over. It is a book that will be with you for a long time.<br/><br/>I cannot recommend this book highly enough.
I am stunned that this is Celeste Ng's first novel.  I was instantly drawn into this book, with its beautifully drawn characters and superb writing.  On its surface, the story is a mystery:  What led to the death of Lydia Lee, a sixteen-year-old honor student with (supposedly) everything to live for?  In reality, the mystery goes far deeper, into the lives of each member of the family.  By the end of the book, the reader is fully in sympathy with each character.<br/><br/>The novel, which takes place in the late 70s,  begins with Lydia's death.  Was it murder?  Was it suicide?  Or was it something else?  The reader spends most of the novel thinking one thing, only to be surprised at the end with the truth.  The author delves into the lives of each family member:  James, the father, who never felt really at home in any situation; Marilyn, the mother, whose dreams were shelved by the demands of marriage, family, and the times; Nathan, the older brother, whose brilliance is overlooked; Lydia, the golden child burdened with all the frustrated aspirations of her parents; and Hannah, the overlooked afterthought of a child, a silent but keen observer of everyone in her family.  (I was torn between imagining the author as Lydia or as Hannah; I suspect she is an amalgam of both.)<br/><br/>Many chapters in this novel focus on just one character, telling the story from his or her point of view.  The reader is led to an understanding of just how profoundly even the best intentions can go terribly awry.  Once again, we see people living out their own frustrated dreams through their children, who may or may not be on board.  The term "helicopter parent" comes to mind, though this idea was not in vogue until the 90s.  In addition, issues of race in America  and women's roles are explored through the parents, James and Marilyn, who came of age in the 60s and early 70s at the height of the sexual and civil rights revolutions.  Even gay identity comes into play, and remember that this novel is set in 1977, not 2014.<br/><br/>I am compelled to praise the writing of this book.  Both psychologically astute and poetic, it draws the reader into the story and evokes sympathy and awe.  We see the devastating grief that overtakes each member of the family as he or she tries to see why Lydia died and what he or she may have done to prevent it.  I also loved the way the author treated memory, that old deceiver, who smoothes out that which we cannot bear to recall.<br/><br/>I do not think this book is marketed as a YA novel, but it is certainly a book that parents and teenagers may profitably read and discuss together.  The issues  are fresh and relevant, and I can imagine that meaningful discussions and insights may result.  Highly recommended for all readers 14 and above.
Stereotypes. Appearances. Expectations. They blind us to each other and skew communication in so many ways. Each member of the Lee family sees the world through his or her own experiences and cannot understand how this affects others. Nothing unusual here--we all have our viewpoints and unintentional blinders. What sets Everything I Never Told You apart and makes the book special is twofold: beautiful plotting and beautiful writing.<br/><br/>The plot is a graceful blending of present and past. Page one reveals that sixteen-year-old Lydia Lee is dead, but she comes to life for the reader when Chapter Two asks "How had it begun?" The answer travels back two generations, revealing dreams and disappointments of her parents, grandparents, older brother and younger sister, while also showing the actions and reactions of her family in the aftermath of her death. Each family member has a different thought about what happened to Lydia, and we don't learn the truth until the very end. In this regard, it's a successful mystery. But it's also much more.<br/><br/>Lydia's Chinese father, James, has felt defined by racial stereotypes all his life. Lydia's caucasian mother, Marilyn, has been governed by her own mother's need to maintain proper appearances. The unrealistic expectations James and Marilyn place on their own children have molded Lydia and her siblings, Nathan and Hannah.<br/><br/>The writing is nuanced and gentle. No sledgehammers here--the reader is allowed to knit together the pieces of the individual characters' stories to see a bigger picture. These are people who are trying to do the right thing from their own perspective, and their conflicts come about because they don't realize that situations look completely different to someone else. Although the characters are all flawed, they are presented in a nonjudgmental way that lets the reader care about their struggles and their sincerity. Since different readers will bring different expectations and experiences to the story, it's safe to say the novel will be slightly different for each one.<br/><br/>This story is haunting but it's not a ghost story, even though the main character is dead. Instead, it's haunting in the sense that it stayed with me after I had closed the cover. The beauty of the writing lingered, as did the spirits of the characters.<br/><br/>Readers looking for a lively action-adventure or police-procedural mystery will be disappointed. Those who like a thoughtful, well-written, character-driven novel built around a central mysterious event will enjoy Everything I Never Told You.
Celeste Ng seems like a talented writer.  Her style of writing is fluid and lyrical.  For that reason, I really wanted to like this book.  Unfortunately, I just couldn’t, primarily because nearly all the characters are so overwhelmingly awful.<br/><br/>I know characters don't need to be good or even likeable to be compelling, but there has to be something to draw you in and make you care about them.  That wasn't the case here for me at all.  In fact, the adult protagonists are so awful I almost wanted to stop reading at times.  The main couple comprises the most self-absorbed, selfish, emotionally abusive parents I've ever encountered.  Before the death of beloved Lydia, they turn her into a proxy of themselves and basically ignore their other children.  Post-mortem, they become even more entrenched in themselves and their needs and issues and continue their neglect of their children or even take their anger out on them.  Toward the end, which hints at happier times for the parents, I didn't even care anymore.  They didn't deserve anything better.<br/><br/>My other issue with this novel was its treatment of race.  I understand that Ng wanted this to be a treatise on racial differences and the impact prejudice can have on people, but the way she chose to do this was not effective.  She was both heavy-handed and uninspiring.  She made it seem as if every single person this family encountered had never seen a Chinese person and was prejudiced against them.  I find this hard to believe even back in the 1970's.  Second, the way she brings up these issues in the book seems heavy-handed.  Rather than organically being incorporated into the story, it's almost as if she becomes a professor lecturing her students.  As a minority myself, I understand her perspective, but it just didn't ring true to the story for me.<br/><br/>I do think Ng is a very skilled writer, with a deft eye for language and descriptions.  Over time, I hope she extends that skill to more nuanced writing and better characterization.
Thank heavens I took it out of the library! Raced through the whole book desperately searching for something positive, for one decision made correctly. My quest was unrequited. Simple probability theory would suggest that somewhere in a book of this length something would take a turn for the better, but nope - ain't gonna happen here.<br/><br/>The writing is good. It invites you to read on. But even there there's a hitch. The meticulous descriptions, the striking adjectives, the intensity of writing craft becomes unrelenting, too much. Perhaps there has been an overdose of creative writing workshops.<br/><br/>Ms. Ng has a story to tell. Here's my creative writing workshop. Strive for realism. Create characters we can believe in. You've got the chops, don't worry. Relax.
For me, this is a mediocre novel of forced sentimentality, trite similes and metaphors, implausible dialogue, and a predictable plot line.I forced myself to finish it. I can't understand how this book was named as Amazon's #1 novel of 2014. Before I read the book, I should have checked the reviews in the major media, which are, well, understated. I don't usually write negative reviews partly because I usually don't bother to finish books that are so poorly written. But Amazon, you must be kidding.
(Spoiler alert:  a few early plot twists revealed.)  For me, I have to have something about characters to like to make me want to keep reading a book.  With every chapter, almost every character in this book became more and more unlikeable.  The two main characters, the husband and wife were the least likeable.  James Lee, an American of Asian descent, and his wife, a blond woman from Virginia, get married in the late 1950s, when mixed-race couples are a rarity.<br/><br/>OK, I get that I'm supposed to sympathize with this couple and their struggles to fit in.  Unfortunately, sympathy is all the author gives the reader as a reason to like these people.  The couple lives in a small college town for 20 years and somehow manages to not make one single friend, except for the graduate student James has an affair with.  (Why does the grad student adore James so much she wants to have an affair, but no one else appears to like him at all?)  Why can't any of the kids make a single friend?  Wasn't there someone in a college town who didn't hate this couple?  Even in the late 1950s, college towns were centers of liberalism.  James seems to only be able to befriend female students who hop into bed with him, including his wife, Marilyn.<br/><br/>Marilyn hates her mother and stews in resentment about having become just like her (a homemaker) instead of pursuing her dream of becoming a doctor.  We can't even like her when she decides to go back to school because she does it by totally abandoning the family, without even leaving a note.  Odd behavior, to say the least.<br/><br/>I won't give away the end because I don't know how it ended.  I gave up about a third of the way into the story.  I expected a mystery about how the daughter died, and maybe it turned into that eventually.  I didn't care anymore.  The first part of the book is all gloomy backstory about two extraordinarily unhappy, unpleasant, and isolated people.
Our book club chose this book to read for its Jan. meeting based on Amazon's and other's glowing recommendations.  I am shocked as the novel left me cold.  Maybe it was simply because the novel contained no one particularly likable.  Hannah was the only one who came close but was too young to hold that position of stature and maturity.  I also found the story a little too unbelievable.  We all know a parent, perhaps all parents, who lives to some degree through their children.  But this supposedly intelligent mother was just too self-absorbed to see past the nose on her face, not to mention selfish beyond reason.<br/><br/>I saw no extraordinary writing, expository or dialogue.  I think one of the reviewers said it was really a YA book masquerading as an adult book.  As a former YA librarian, who read a good deal of YA books, I agree. Good YA books are crucial for YAs.  Librarians do much to keep readers reading.  But YA books are written on a teenage level; hence they are shorter (like this book), about teenagers (like this book), and not overly concerned about writing on the level of a Marilynne Robinson (Gilead), Joseph Boyden (a great Canadian author who wrote Three Day Road), or Anne Tyler or Joyce Carol Oates (both national treasures) among many others.<br/><br/>I will be interested to see what my book club thinks of this book in January.
I do not understand why this book is so highly rated. Besides being a story about an Asian American girl, there is absolutely nothing special about it. I read several new books in 2014 that were much better than this.<br/><br/>The story is trite, convenient, and overly mournful, to the point of melodrama, and most of the already lacking story is backstory that rarely propels the plot or furthers the main characters in any way. The characters are flat and often uncharacteristic of themselves (i.e. slapping their child out of nowhere, for no real reason; up and leaving out of nowhere – among other cheap, histrionic excuses for intrigue.)  Even the setting has no real depth, only ever referring to “the lake” and “college” and "the house,” almost never so much as mentioning any person outside the immediate storyline, which only adds to the convenience and over-simplicity of the story’s happenings.<br/><br/>The book is marketed as “Mystery,” but there is nothing mysterious about it. I can’t remember being so disappointed in such an acclaimed book. It should have been marketed as the pulp fiction Young Adult book that it is.
Not by the book, but by the reviews.  This book essentially has one or two themes, neither original or previously unexplored, and beats you over the head with them for 300 pages.  It's family drama with zero mystery or intrigue and a sappy finish.<br/><br/>It's a fine book, well written, well structured, and a quick read.  But to be Amazon Editor's #1 choice or whatever is shocking and a warning sign on taking their advice in the future.
Self absorbed characters so unsympathetic to each other impossible to care. Cannot believe this got book of the year. Waited too long to return. If it was a printed version would run not walk it back for a return.
I found this book mostly very sad. It’s basically about family and the many misunderstandings that build up over the years of living together. The story is also a warning about the dangers of projecting on our kids our own desires and ambitions. If you’re a parent, you’ll most likely feel guilty on that front when reading this book.<br/><br/>It’s also about the difficulties of fitting in when you’re different, and whether fitting in is even desirable. The story is set in an earlier era, the 1970s, and one likes to think that since then we’ve come a long way in terms of tolerating mixed-race relationships. Maybe I'm too much of an optimist but the drama surrounding the racial issues seems overstated even for those times.<br/><br/>The book is not entirely sad - there is some hope to be had that we can come to our senses, that we can still make changes in our attitudes, even if it seems as if it’s too late. But mostly it made me sad to think that such tragedy could come from an accumulation of many rather small misunderstandings added up over time. In that sense Everything I Never Told You serves as a wake-up call to rush to your loved ones and hug them and tell them you love them unconditionally. I’m grateful for that wake-up call in form of this rather depressing book.<br/><br/>But in terms of storytelling and characters, this book is somewhat deficient. That an entire family would lead such a depressing and friendless life, that they would at times make such bad choices, that they would all be so engulfed in their own personal drama and not cheer up a little bit more, is just not that believable. This book arrived on my radar together with All the Light I Cannot See and I more or less read them back to back. This one can’t hold a candle to the other, in my opinion. I’m glad I read it, and that it made me reflect on my role as a parent, but in the end it won’t be on my list of favorite books.
I don't get it -- 500 people gave it 5 stars so there must be something I am missing.<br/>But, after 400 pages, not a single character is bone/flesh/blood in my mind. What is this father? What makes this mother, who went to Harvard with all ambitions, young, pretty and with no interest in boys, act so shamelessly and aggressively to kiss this shy, pitiful Chinese professor after seeing him for the first time in her life, attending his dull class? Who is Lydia? And the two other kids?<br/>Oh, all the dramas, so out of the ordinary, but no magic realism there.  The professor sleeps with his pretty, young assistant on the day of his daughter's funeral!! Who is Louisa? She pulls this pitiful professor to her bed for the frist time, on the day he buried his daughter? Is that even possible he is capable of physically doing that, if he is really so tramatized and has a human heart? Is there such a girl in the world who would come to this idea to use sex to comfort this charmless professor and act on it? What motivate such an act? Just out of pity? There is such a mother in this world who raised the daughter alone and had great hope in her, and would not disappear completely from her life just because she marries someone the mother doesn't approve? Ms. Wu didn't offer anything for readers to understand this mother or this unrealistic cut-off.<br/>And Lydia's relationship with that handsome boy, depicted as a typical bad boy good girls usually fall for, but he has to be gay in the end to break Lydia's already frigil heart at the moment Lydia offers her virginity to him, and he has to fall for Lydia's brother who loathes him -- this only tells me, annoyingly, that Ms. Ng is so determiend to drive Lydia to the grave, but it just feels sooo fake. It is much more believable the way Gabriel Garcia Marquze ending his story with a freakish storm that wipes Macondo off the earth (One Hundred Years of Solitude.) Unless some mental illness is implied, I don't see the logic there why Lydia has to kill herself after maintaining a smooth facade up to that moment.<br/>The entire book has no lovable, relatable characters, induces no warm feelings for anyone or anything. Except junky sad feelings, I don't know what a reader can from reading it to the end.<br/>The authors did MFA and had literary agents and editors and publishers, making me seriously doubt my sanity and basic understanding of literature. Is there anyone being bothered by the multiple voices or points of view (narrating multiple people's thinking/reflection/supposition) in the same sentence or paragraph? Is this a new literary style?<br/>Am I the kid who is seeing the emperor is naked, or an old fool who needs an eye doc or, worse, belongs to an assylum?<br/>I bought the book because my book group is reading it, but had to vent a bit for the $$ and time spent..
The first two lines of the novel:<br/><br/>"Lydia is dead. But they don't know that yet."<br/><br/>Is this the beginning of a great story, or just a gimmicky hook? If you are looking for a suspense or crime thriller, you will be largely disappointed. This is a domestic drama about a Chinese-American man (born in the US), James Lee, his blonde, Caucasian wife, Marilyn, and their three children. Lydia, just sixteen, is the middle child, the one that they have projected their dreams onto, although James and Marilyn have different approaches and aspirations for her--which is a problem for Lydia, one she doesn't share with them. I felt that Ng's overall result was a mixed bag.<br/><br/>I was on board with Ng's type of story and style--the family dynamics that make unhappy families what they are, but there were inherent problems in the author's assertions, and some heavy-handed pronouncements. The most bothersome of these was the premise of almost draconian racism that was supposedly present in the mid-seventies America. I remember the late 60's junior high, and the most popular girl in our school (and head cheerleader) was a Chinese-American girl (the only one in the school). I did not see any evidence of her being ostracized. In Ng's book, all three of the children were severely blackballed by their peers, and even the newspaper made some statements that read as if out of 1920. I lived in small town New England, the Lees lived in small-town Ohio. Perhaps Ohio IS different, but it overreached, and became ham-handed after a while, with the author constantly (repetitively) returning to this issue. And, James, who was a graduate of Harvard in the 60's, apparently suffered from the same thing.<br/><br/>Marilyn's hang-up was that she never went to medical school; her plans were jettisoned when she got pregnant, and then she and James married. Her mother implied disapproval of James, so she never spoke to her mother again for the rest of her mother's life. Marilyn decided that her daughter was going to pick up where Marilyn left off, and started buying her stacks of books oriented toward the math and science she would need to accomplish in order to get into medical school. James was determined that Lydia would have the social life that he had been barred from all his life due to discrimination.<br/><br/>The other two children, Nath and Hannah, are not as special to James and Marilyn. Although Nath is graduating high school, and was accepted at Harvard, his parents' delight is peripheral to the centrality of their especial child, Lydia. The core of their lives is Lydia, and the core of this novel seems to be how the impact of racism affected this family and created disharmony and dysfunction. Yet, towards the end, the author tacked on a new issue, one I won't reveal except to say that it didn't feel organic, and the authorial intrusion intensified for this reader.<br/><br/>Ng writes lovely passages, and for that alone I would be open to reading her next novel. It was evident that she was illuminating the contrasts between external feelings of marginalization and the internal struggles that we all have regarding our differences. Regardless of the outward and pointed distinctions, it is a universal problem to feel alienated, and that came across well. However, Ng's approach periodically felt like a disquisition on cultural diversity, which pulled me out of the story of these specific characters. She fell into a few debut-novel traps, but I suspect that she will mature as a writer.
SPOILER ALERT!!!<br/><br/>I really enjoyed this book. I was hooked from the beginning and it kept my interest all the way through. Celeste Ng writes beautifully and I am excited to read more from her.<br/><br/>Like many reviewers pointed out this isn't an uplifting book (I didnt get the idea it would be), the author does get a little over the top with some of the plot points, but I think that actually works to magnify (what i believe) the extreme individual motivations of the parents James and Marilyn.<br/><br/>Clearly this isn't a whodunnit mystery I think the superficial first layer of the book is to find out why Lydia died, but after we delve into who Lydia was alive, and who her siblings are, we get to the crux of the novel-- who the parents are-- because this is really all about them-- and this is why I really thought Ng really shone. I loved the way she let exposed the personalities of the parents, let it unravel slowly until we really see how this all ties in .<br/><br/>Also, I don't think this novel is about race. (whether or not in Ohio in the 50's or 70's or whenever the kind of racisim could happen-is not the question) This novel is about perceptions and misperceptions. It's about what happens when you have a distorted and one dimensional viewpoint-- that such a 'chip on the shoulder' perspective-- can distort your personality. Here, it's through the distorted lens of James who views every experience and event in his life as a by product of his Chinese background--through Marilyn,  a woman raised in the 50's, and see's her experiences as the inevitable product of sexist times.  Other reviewers have pointed out that James and Marilyn are a little too exaggerated, but I disagree, I think they are self-involved -- so much so that their kids are direct extensions of themselves and therefore they play out their personalities in them.<br/><br/>Long after James left his childhood behind-- after Harvard, after getting married, after having children,  he continues  to view his experiences (and now his kid's) lives through his warped lens, and in trying to get his son to have a different life-- actually creates the very same traits in him--  now Nathan bleieves he's being  ridiculed when it doesnt happen much like James continues to believe. (certianly i'm not denying the racism he encountered-- but the author takes pains to show many  (if not most) of his interactions James would assume racist overtones when there was no evidence of it -- ex. interactions with Fiske, and his assistant)<br/><br/>Marilyn believes her ambition of being a doctor was thwarted by external forces-- she doesn't  take repsonsibility for her own choices and in fact makes incredibly selfish decisions that would have a catastrophic effect (she could have realized those ambitions, she chose not to).<br/><br/>The interesting point here is that Lydia's death exposes these incredibly narcissistic parents. They have no clue or empathy beyond themselves, neither of them really communicate or know each other or their children-- or seem to care to know them.<br/><br/>Both of these educated and brilliant parents are clueless, and believe they are unselfishly motivated to give their children better lives. and each one defines this "better life"  by what each parent wants for themselves and what would make THEM happy, and not what actually makes the kids happy.<br/>It's interesting that the child with the most empathy and intelligence and with (the most) objective point of view, was the youngest child, who James and Marilyn (and even the siblings) barely paid any attention to (and perhaps that's the point) was the most well adjusted.<br/><br/>I agree with one of the reviewers that said we are not supposed to like John and Marilyn. Who could? I do think that the way Ng peels back the layers to reveal their personalities is brilliant.<br/><br/>I especially liked the ending-- there is no poignant revelation, no redemption, not even the epiphany of realizing what really happened to their family-- just a vague, amorphous general feeling- they pretty much remained clueless, (which is why i believe many people found this depressing) --  I found it to be well done because it was far more credible and authentic.
This book was touted by Amazon. as a great read  Fortunately, I got a copy at the "free book store" - the public library.  And after  the rave reviews on Amazon I was delighted to find it there.  It's a quick read and I read it in a couple of days, hoping for some - just something.<br/><br/>The characters are depressing - the whole lot of them.  If you look up "dysfunctional family" in the dictionary, there should be a picture of the Lee Family sitting there. At this center of the bunch is Marilyn - who clearly marries the wrong person.  Race has nothing to do with it.  She becomes enamored by her professor, screws him, gets pregnant and marries him and then spends the rest of her life trying to get her daughter to do the things that she didn't do.  and BTW -  never speaks to her mother again after her marriage.  Maybe James doesn't have any relatives because of his immigrant parents, but wouldn't you think that Marilyn would have had some relatives.<br/><br/>A major hole in the story is Marilyn's failure to go back to college.  She was married to a tenured professor.  Every college that I know of gives free tuition to the family of faculty.  She could have taken one class at a time - she only needed a year to graduate.<br/><br/>Marilyn and James, in the mean time have no social life - no wonder their kids don't have any friends.  And James spends his  whole life trying to get over the fact that he is Chinese - and apparently teaching the same class.<br/><br/>I really wanted to like this book, but I can't find any redeeming social value to it.<br/><br/>If you chose to read it, go to the library - don't spend any money.
One of the most overrated books I've read.<br/><br/>Families are complicated.  Life is hard.  It's not easy being different.  People die, leave, people return. There will always be room for lovely reworkings of these themes, but this isn't one.<br/><br/>Ng's prose shows flashes of delicacy, but is generally not subtle.  The characters are each hamsters on their own wheels.  Details, like the way each family member takes his or her eggs, are shorthand that seems too obvious for a literary novel.  Same with mom making Hamburger Helper for dinner.  This is the second book I've read this year where that gloppy mess is a metaphor for bad mothering.  Here the Hamburger Helper is a weapon in the mother's passive-aggressive revolt against her unwanted life as a stay-at-home mom.  It's all too obvious.<br/><br/>And, as in the physics Lydia is forced to study, for every action in this book there is a reaction -- a character leaves, a character returns, a character feels weak, a character feels empowered -- to such a degree that it feels forced.<br/><br/>If you want to read a beautifully-written story about a dysfunctional family with a missing or dead child, I recommend Judith Guest's "Ordinary People", a delicate and moving study of a family who has lost a child, and Stewart O'Nan's "Songs for the Missing", a beautifully-rendered portrait of the effect on one family of a missing child.  Both of these are artful, believable and touching.
I tried really hard to like this book, but it was far too depressing and didn't have the depth you need in a great novel. Every single character, besides Dr. Wolff, was depressed and sad that it became pathetic. My sympathy for each character just turned into apathy once I reached mid book. I finished reading the entire book, only with the hope that the story would turn and something enlightening would come up. It never did. It was just a terrible story of a family full of depressed and selfish people. The book was surprisingly short, so it didn't take too much of my time, but I wouldn't recommend this book to anybody.
EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU<br/><br/>Such a sad book; talk about a dysfunctional family, if you read this book, you will meet them in all of their glory.<br/><br/>It's the 1970's, small town Ohio, a mixed marriage, so to speak, an American girl, Marilyn, falls in love with her Chinese professor, James Lee.  The two marry and have children.  The book refers quite often to how the marriage is frowned upon since it is a 'mixed marriage' and how the entire family is looked down upon and ridiculed based solely on the fact of their mixed cultures.<br/><br/>Marilyn and James have three children, Lydia, Nath, and Hannah.  Lydia is their golden girl, their prized child, and everyone -- especially the kids -- are well aware of this.  Both Marilyn and James live vicariously through poor Lydia -- James wants Lydia to be the total opposite of him, being popular, happy, included in everything socially.  Marilyn wants Lydia to be the thing Marilyn never achieved -- become a doctor.  Both parents push all of these burdens onto their daughter.  Lydia, just wanting to be the best daughter she possibly can be, doesn't stand up for herself or explain that these are the things she doesn't want in her life.  She is her parents YES girl.  Anything they say or ask is exactly what Lydia does.  She even fabricates stories to make her parents believe she is exactly what she isn't.  This load weighs heavily on Lydia's mind and soul.<br/><br/>The other to children are pretty much just there, except for Nath, who is belittled constantly by his dad, put down for everything and anything.  All Nath wants is out of the house.  Hannah on the other hand, is left alone, a ghost like child.  However, for as young as she is, Hannah is super observant and wise and knows her family better than anyone involved.<br/><br/>And then, Lydia is missing and turns up dead.  Since the family was never close anyway, this tragedy drives them all further apart and around the bend.  The parents are so selfish and do not give any thought to their two surviving and grieving children.  The family tries to heal -- badly -- and they also try to figure out just what happened to Lydia.  How did she end up dead?  Who is to blame?  What happened on that fateful night?  Now, after her death, Marilyn and James are  starting to see the lies Lydia lived and just what their daughter went through to please them.<br/><br/>This book is not a mystery as toted, to me it is a view of how a family loves [badly], functions [hardly], reacts to many situations, and tries to heal.  Celeste Ng writes beautifully, and gets into the grit, secrets, and facts of what makes this family tick.  At times, the book reads repetitive, but moves along at a good clip.  If Ng's target was to show how mistakes can be made in a family, she did an excellent job. The characters are believable, the story tragic and sorrowful.  This is not a depressing read, but one that is not upbeat, amusing, or enlightening<br/><br/>I do recommend this book as I did like it -- I just didn't care for John and Marilyn, and perhaps that is the point!  I also think Celeste Ng will have a bright future ahead of her<br/><br/>Thank you.<br/><br/>Pam.
I'm not sure why this book is getting such positive reviews.  The characters are superficial and obvious and the plot is one that has been written a million times already.  Read it to the end just to see if it got better; it didn't.
This is a quick and easy read, but it is incredibly dreary so be prepared. I liked certain aspects of the book, specifically the inter-racial marriage and the well-described feelings of being "other."  But it was not enough for me to embrace the characters, because they were not lovable or likable. They lacked grit, loyalty and spine. I also did not believe that Lydia, a fearful swimmer, would get into a boat at night and then throw herself into the water in a vain attempt to swim a long distance to shore. It also boggled the mind that Jack, portrayed as a hormonal hetero with a glove box full of condoms turns out to be madly in love with Lydia's brother.
It has been a long time since I read a book as perfect as this one. So often I am disappointed with the ending, the ending of this book was so perfect and .... beautiful. The characters in this story were insanely flawed, maybe to some.... unlikable, but to me they were realistic and I felt for each and every one of them. The parents seemed the most unlikable when they are seen through their children's lens, this makes sense because teenagers tend to have  a more critical view about their parents and their critiques. But when you read it from the parents point of view it seems less sinister and it's clear, they have no clue how much they are hurting their children with their words and in most cases... lack of them. I am appalled by some reviewers saying they felt the "Oriental racism" aspect of the book was overdone. Every state, every city, every town.... has differing degrees of racism towards different races. Some of you may have never even witnessed it and find the content in this book untrue and exaggerated, some of you may have seen a kid mimick a chinese person and thought it was harmless, maybe even funny, and some people don't take it seriously at all,  it seems like Asian/Oriental racism isn't taken all too seriously because most of the people who make jokes or mimick an Oriental have no real hatred or contempt towards them, they just think their accent and eyes are funny and that they are really good at doing manicures and are super smart.  It's this mentality that saddens me, unconscious ignorance.  Celeste Ng is an "oriental" , she knows what she is talking about, I never gave racism towards the Oriental much thought until this book, she broke my heart and opened my eyes. I can't wait to see what she does next!!!!
An unengaging story featuring the most unsympathetic, obtuse, self-absorbed cast of characters I've seen in a long time. How am I supposed to care about what happens to these people when none of them seem to care about each other? The ending reconciliations were too little, too late, and even the author's writing was heavy on similes, light on substance. Don't waste your money; if I'd purchased this book in print, I'd be returning it for a refund.
Celeste Ng writes a magical and haunting novel about a cross-cultural family in 1970s Ohio. Reminiscent of The Lovely Bones, Gone Girl, The Virgin Suicides, and the film The Ice Storm, this book tells of a tragedy that strikes the Lee family when their 16 year old daughter Lydia goes missing one morning. Ng so effortlessly weaves in the backstory of the Lee parents, a cross-cultural couple that encounters prejudice both within their family and at Harvard, where the couple meets. Things are no better in small-town Ohio, where they move in the late 1950s.<br/><br/>After Lydia goes missing and her body turns up in the lake, the police rule it a suicide. But Lydia's family's is determined to search for clues to find out what really happened. A loss of a loved one can tear apart a family, and Celeste Ng shows just how this happens. The story moves quickly and there was so much suspense that I had to stop reading it at night when the rest of my family was asleep. It's not horror-movie scary, but it is a psychological thriller that keeps the reader turning the pages to see what will happen next.<br/><br/>This is such a fabulous story, and one that will make the reader think about race, identity, acceptance, and tolerance. Highly recommended!
Sometimes, when I have difficulty engaging in a book, I turn to book reviews on Amazon. It aids in my decision to continue...or not. After lapping up the first three pages, I faltered at Marilyn's (mother of dead girl, Lydia) reflection of Lydia's first steps, how it took her by surprise and what else had she been hiding? Huh? She's only eleven months old! Lydia's siblings are glossed over, an inventory of what's in the refrigerator (Olives. Milk. Jade colored grapes. Peanut butter in a jar of cool glass) trumping the opportunity for character development, short exchanges among family members falling flat. My sister recommended this book. Unfortunately, it's not one I will be recommending to others.
I think the main reason I was so disappointed with this book is because I was expecting something different. The opening line of this book, "Lydia was dead, they just didn't know it yet," set it up to be a kind of mystery. But if that is what you are looking for, you will be disappointed. It is the story of a blue eyed Lydia Lee, the daughter of a Chinese American and an American and the events leading up to her death. I actually feel that the author gave a little too much background of Lydia's parents. Those chapters dragged on a bit. But when it was talking about the POV of Lydia and her brother Nath, and her sister Hannah, the story picked up. The author's passages were beautifully written, especially when she was describing the loneliness and pain that each of the siblings felt. Some authors can make three different POV's sound the same and you have to work to decipher the difference but not Celeste Ng. Each character had their own voice and their own pain. Beautiful book.
This starts out slow and basically stays that way. I was always waiting for something to happen and it really never does. I kept on reading thinking I was missing something. This book shouldn't  be a must read.
I really wanted to like this book but it felt like an endless and ultimately pointless read. There was no organization and the point of view would shift with no warning and with seemingly no logic. I often times had to go back because I didn't know which character's perspective was being given.  Not to mention that you were reading about present day events and flashbacks with no differentiation between the two.  I found this book to be slow, often quite boring and the ending was not satisfying or interesting.  I was hoping for a riveting read where I couldn't wait to unravel the mystery. Instead I just couldn't wait to be done with this book and was left thinking - that was the big mystery? Seriously?  Overall I was very disappointed in this book and would be hesitant to read another by this same author. Just not very good.
I did like it.  It was very well written.  It is not a thriller if that is what you are looking for.  It was more of a story about a family dealing with the loss of child, and how it happened.  My problem wasn't until the end when you realize the story is almost over and there is nothing likeable about any of the characters.  It seemed like the entire family was depressed all of their lives.  At first it seemed like you could relate to them.  Like behind the closed doors of any middle class American family there are problems, but it just never reached a point of feeling like any of them ever cared for each other.  No one laughed, there didn't seem to be any special bond between any of them.  I know that every parent would be devastated over the death of a child, but by the end of the book it was hard to tell that either of these two people truly cared for their children or each other, as they could not come out of their own self absorbed worlds.  I just didn't feel like they were a family at all.  I also didn't feel like there was closure, but I think I may be the only one with that complaint.  I would still pick up another one of her books.  It was good for a first novel.
This book was alright. I didn't think it was as good as a lot of other people. I found it to be pretty depressing... and not only that, I feel like the characters were a little too grown up. I mean, who has thoughts like this when you're 10 or 17 years old? I felt like the characters were almost too complex for their age. It was good but I won't be screaming about it to people.
Finding a place to start when you read a book that feels so personal, so poignant, so beautiful... it's hard to do. As I sit here at my computer contemplating the last 24 hours in which I read Everything I Never Told You, I feel a bit dumbfounded. How do I describe something that feels indescribable? Ultimately I will try my best, but I just want you to know, this is hard to for me to do and I certainly won't do the book justice.<br/><br/>The first thing you should know about my review of this book is that it's personal. The main characters in this novel are Asian-Americans living in a quaint All-American community in Middle-of-America Ohio. The Lee family comprises our main characters: including the two parents and three children. From the synopsis and the very first sentence of the book, it is no spoiler that Lydia, the middle child, is dead. Her death, in combination with a long series of miscommunications and years of withholding, creates a cluster of chaos for the Lees, and we see each of them dealing with the loss and life-altering change.<br/><br/>We span several decades, starting with the parents, Marilyn and James, as children and growing up in their respective homes in the 1940s and 50s. We then see their meeting in college and course of events that lead them to marriage, three children and Ohio. The storyline jumps around between the five main characters, Lydia included, from present to varying past points in each of their lives. We learn about secrets they are keeping, the misunderstandings and prideful omissions that are quintessential, albeit intensified for the sake of story-telling, in any family.<br/><br/>While the plot of the book is seemingly simple, I found it to be complex and infinitely interesting, how it wove in and out of each character's life and how the author chose to move the timeline. I was not wanting for more or feeling bogged down at any point in the book and the flow of the writing felt easy and effortless.<br/><br/>Everything I Never Told You is a brilliant example of "less is more," when it comes to writing style and narrative. I found Ng's writing to be refreshingly simple, in the best way, void of any pretentious sentiments or the classic "trying to hard" syndrome books can easily fall victim to -- her writing was fluid and purposeful, each sentence needing to be there.<br/><br/>The characters in this book were very real to me -- I personally related to their journey as a mixed-race minority in America, though I did not grow up in the 1950s-1970s, I certainly understand looking around and not seeing yourself in anyone. Being the only one at school who is different. Feeling like you never quite fit in, despite successful grades and the illusion you give outwardly to hide your lack of belonging. These aspects of the story rang true for me and I was so touched to feel like I saw a part of myself in this book. It is a very rare and unique thing for myself and I truly embraced the experience.<br/><br/>Each member of the Lee family had at least one aspects of their personality I could relate to -- whether it was James and his desire to achieve more than his parents, or Marilyn and her determination to rise above expectations. Nath's quiet and unseen brilliance or Lydia's desperate need to please. Even little Hannah and her ability to go unnoticed. While I was angry at all members of the family at certain points, I loved them all and felt like I knew them. They each had struggles seen and unseen, and their need to put on a brave face and hide from the world is something I think most people know all too well.<br/><br/>This book evokes the need for a multitude of discussions: diversity in books, racism, feminism, tradition, human sexuality and expectations on children. Each conversation warrants it's own post, so for sake of time and sanity, I will refrain from doing that here. But what is important about this book is that in less than 300 pages it addresses each of this topics in a variety of ways.<br/><br/>Beautifully written and perfectly executed, I know for a fact that Everything I Never Told You by Celeste Ng will go down as one of my favorite books of all time. 5 brilliant stars!
As others said, this book captured and held my attention.  Also, since others have already written excellent 5,4,3,2,1 star reviews, I will limit my review to just a few points.  1. Lydia deciding to swim as a symbolic redirection for her life was not plausible.  She was far too intelligent and at 16 years old, she was well past the age (12) of being able to comprehend and imagine consequences.  2. I was not able to connect emotionally to either parent nor Lydia, perhaps due to their weakness of character--a trait I sadly despise. Not so with Nath or Hannah.  Cleary, Ng understands the human condition, or partially, because her portraiture of Hannah was very realistic, that is, how neglect can build sensitivity and discernment into a soul.  3. The rebuilding of the relationship between James & Marilyn was also not believable, at least in its occurring so quickly after Lydia's death. 4. Finally, I disagree that it was not, at least partially, about racism; it was.  But more than that, many of us find we do not "fit it."  In the case of the Lee's, it was their Oriental DNA (yes, the book uses the word "Oriental" instead of "Asian").  For many, it is  being poor, not being pretty, not successful, fill in the blank with whatever your struggle is.  Human beings attribute others' responses to them--or imagined responses--as having to do with how each is different the others.  However, human beings are also narcisstically focused on themselves, and mostly, not others.
Celeste Ng has written a surprisingly good debut novel.  The style and characterization hooked me from the beginning and I read the book in one sitting.<br/><br/>The novel starts out with a kick.  "Lydia is dead.  But they don't know this yet."  It is 1977 and the Lee family lives in Middlewood, Ohio, a small college town about an hour from Toledo.  James is of Chinese ethnicity and is a professor at the local college, teaching courses about the American west.  His specialty is a course on cowboys.  Marilyn is a housewife who once held high hopes of becoming a physician.  Instead, she met James and married, giving up her dreams.  She is causasian and her mother warned her about marrying Lee because they were too different.  She never spoke to her mother again.<br/><br/>The Lee children are Lydia, Nathanial and Hannah.  Lydia is in tenth grade and Nath is about to graduate and head off to Harvard.  Hannah is in grade school and is the forgotten child, the silent one who watches what goes on around her and knows more than anyone suspects she does.<br/><br/>Lydia is the golden child, the one on whom all her parents' dreams are transposed.  One morning Marilyn and James wake up and realize that Lydia is not in the house.  It doesn't take long for the police to find an empty rowboat on the lake and dredge for a body.  They find Lydia.<br/><br/>Marilyn wants Lydia to be a doctor, to fulfill the dreams that she herself was unable to.  She gives Lydia extra homework every day, presents her with anatomy and biology books for every birthday and holiday, and pays her attention to the exclusion of the other two children.  Lydia is not allowed to go out until all her homework is done.  Though she is almost sixteen, she is not allowed to date.<br/><br/>James wants his children to be popular as he never was.  They, however, are outsiders, the only 'oriental' students in the school system.  Lydia pretends she has friends but the reality is that she is quite alone.  Nath is interested in space and astronomy.  He tries to talk to his parents about his interests but they tune him out.  Hannah only longs to be loved and touched by her mother, something that does not happen.<br/><br/>As the family realizes that Lydia is dead and will never return, secrets emerge and their history is offered up as a backdrop to Lydia's death.  Hannah, ever watchful, has her own take on what really happened to Lydia.<br/><br/>The novel has stunning beauty at times but is often repetitive which is not necessary.  I found myself reading the same things over and over again when once would suffice.  Words are placed in italics to give them added emphasis which reminded me of Joyce Carol Oates even though the writing is much different.  Celeste Ng has a lot of promise and I await her next book with unbridled enthusiasm.
I can not believe the number of positive reviews. I was rolling my eyes most of the time. I would not even recommend this book as an adolescent read. It is completing lacking in depth. Waste of time and money.
Oh my goodness , I am truly tired of picking up so called highly rated books  and finding them lacking . I see where many reviewers write about the beautiful writing . There were some wonderful sentences . There were also terrible plot development  (?) lines that had me crying --where is the editor? Luckily I borrowed this from the library. I had high hopes , it had potential and with good editing it may  have been a good book .
I had high hopes for this one.  However, the lyrical narration was yet so dispassionate, that I found it very difficult to get engaged in the characters or plot.  My real problem was, I never felt that Lydia was a very likable character so deserving of her parents' fondness and attention.  Her brother and sister were outright neglected in comparison.  Especially poor Hannah.<br/><br/>And Marilyn, her mother...well, shame on her.  I have no sympathy for people who choose to live a certain life, and then later decide it's no longer good enough.  And then pushing all of her aspirations onto Lydia was just wrong.  James, her dad, is no better, ignoring everything that Marilyn is doing and similarly ignoring the other children.<br/><br/>I also struggled with the fact that this story took place in the late 70s, where Asians were referred to as Orientals, and women were predominantly housewives.  Yes, I realize the point is to showcase a mixed-race household in these times, but I think the story would have been very different and more relatable had it been based in current times.<br/><br/>I had to reread the ending a couple of times to understand what really happened.  I hate books that end in this manner.  This book will drive an interesting book club discussion, but overall, I found it to be very dissatisfying.
It was good, not a page turner for me. The family was dysfunctional at best. The mother was OCD and a controlling person over her daughter. The two younger children were mostly ignored. Not something I enjoy reading about-fiction or not. But understand, everyone has different reading likes. I would not want my opinion to discourage anyone from reading this book.
I, like many here, expected this read to meet up to the intriguing opening line. By the time I got to page 100, I realized that nothing in this narrative would live up to the first line's promise. But this should not surprise. So many reads today open well, but only to get the reader engaged. It's a teaser and I couldn't help but feel a bit resentful as tried to plow through what is truly, a dull story in the end.  The characters fell flat in spite of the brisk narration. And all in all, it's a sad, uninspiring story. I give it three stars because there's a briskness to the pace that I enjoyed, and 2.5 stars is closer to what I'd give this heavily-marketed ho-hum story.
It's been said that good writing is knowing which cards should be face up and which should be face down; if you have all your cards face up, the book will be predictable and not very stimulating; if all the cards are face down, then the book will be impenetrable and frustrating. A good novel, in other words, is the perfect balance of face up and face down cards. EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU is just that--it is accessible yet also takes its time to allow for events and characters to unfold in ways that bring you closer to understanding the tenuous and deep nature of our relationships with one another. It's a good story that is more than a story--its aim is to explore family dynamics without pretense or gratuitous asides. I thoroughly enjoyed this book!
This novel reads like a movie scenario.  I expect to see it on the marquees in no time.  As a piece of prose fiction it disappointed me on several counts.  The characters' inner landscapes are totally determined, in this novel, by external forces against which all of them seem powerless.  Perceiving one's self as "other" or "outsider" is in real life much more complex than this author suggests.  Situations are stereotypical and there are great gaps in the narrative and in the development of key characters.  These characteristics could be perhaps smoothed over in a movie script.
A brilliant daughter with promise for a bright and successful future ends up dead, and through flash backs we learn what happened in Celeste Ng's debut novel. Set in Ohio in the seventies, Lydia Lee is the daughter of an Asian father, and white Mother, and seems to have an idyllic life. But through shifting narratives between the family members, the realities of both Lydia's life, her siblings, and parents comes to light with at times achingly sad truths. A good book, that feels faintly reminiscent of the film 'The Ice Storm', Ng is clearly a gifted writer, and someone to watch.
I have never written a review before. This book was marvelously written - VERY involved and evolved. However, it is THE most depressing book I have ever read in my life. Touches too close to home, perhaps, in too many ways. I cannot shake the depression I feel from it; I would recommend it to no-one.
I found this book very disappointing. This is no question that Celeste Ng is a talented novelist. But all the characters in the family are so awful, and disturbingly mixed-up. They treat each other without a shred of kindness. The book is quite depressing.  It also seems very unlikely that such a story could have taken place in the 70's.  It would be much more believable if it took place at least 20 years earlier. How would a man born in California tell his wife during the 70's that she cannot work because it will make people think he is too poor to support her?  So many of the scenarios are like that--20 years or more outdated.
I found this book boring. I tried to care about the family and their identity struggles as a mixed race couple but my interest continually ran flat. I really didn't care how Lydia died. I was annoyed every time I read the name "Nath". That's not even a real name. The pitiful lack of esteem and communication from the parents was astounding and irritating.
How is it possible that this exquisite novel is the first work of Celeste Ng? She mesmerized me by her storytelling, the unraveling of the onion, one thin layer at a time, the sadly shocking ending, the truth becoming clearer and clearer in this tragic event, and the patience of the writer - oh the patience!!! - of not telling it all at once, but instead, to make us wait with baited breath for the next chapter and the next until it's all out. Last night, I finished the book - audio version, my favorite way of consuming books lately - and after drying my tears, I went to sleep thinking about it, then I woke up at 2am, still thinking about it, and in the morning, laying in bed, I had a vivid image of the Lee family in front of me. Remarkably written and told, and I am thrilled that I stumbled upon it.<br/><br/>What does this book tell us? It tells us everything we don't tell each other can hurt us. Everything we don't say to our family, our mother, our father, our siblings, and our own selves, that it can hurt us terribly. The weight of the untold "stuff" can crush anyone, especially a young innocent girl born of 15. It is crucial to communicate and to say the difficult, the painful, the necessary truth. The things we think about the most, they say, we don't talk about, and this is at the core of the Lee family's tragedy.<br/><br/>The story was also familiar to me because I was "different" when I arrived here from Iran to go to an American high school. It was not as bad as the 1970s when James Lee is attending Lloyd as the only Chinese man, but it was still different. The feeling of exclusion, of not belonging, of having one image of America and meeting another - friendly on the surface, empty and cold underneath - in the American high school. And then feeling ashamed of your past, your heritage, your tradition, your identity because the outside world doesn't accept you just as you are. Fitting in becomes James Lee's obsession, but his reaction is interesting in that he is furious with his son for not fitting in but he's adoring and loving his daughter and refusing to believe that she can't possibly fit in.<br/><br/>The author explores so many themes in this book: being "different" as an immigrant, interracial marriage and the impact on the children in 1970s small town America, teenagers looking for love wherever they can find it, abandonment, women's careers, the role of a woman in society, mothers and daughters, favorite child and neglected siblings, adultery, loss, denial, parental pressure, and of course, communication.<br/><br/>I will read everything else Celeste Ng writes, if only to thank her for this incredible compact and unforgettable story, Everything I Never Told You.
For the most part, I found this to be a very convincing, and therefore immensely sad, novel about a modern family.<br/>Marilyn (from Virginia and of European ancestry) and James (from somewhere in the West or Mid-West and of Chinese ancestry) are the loving and devoted parents of three children.  Either one of them would ‘do anything in the world’ for their children, but each of them is convinced that that means protecting them from what he (she) feels to be the problems that blighted his (her) own life.  It is the middle child, Lydia, who is the primary focus of the resulting passionate, parental expectations<br/>.<br/>Above all else, James wants Lydia to be ‘popular’, accepted by her peers. The book is set in the 1970’s and his vision of ‘popularity’ doesn’t apparently need to include relationships with the opposite sex.  As a professor in a small college, he takes pride in what he thinks is her academic potential, but this is of secondary importance in his mind.  It is ‘acceptance’ by the group that she ‘belongs’ to that matters. Teenaged Lydia spends hours apparently talking on the phone to her girlfriends.  In reality she has no friends, but only her two siblings understand that this is so.<br/><br/>For Marilyn, the mother, Lydia’s happiness depends on something very different. Lydia must become the doctor or the scientist that Marilyn had desperately wanted to be.  A life spent in domesticity, striving only for the satisfaction of ‘making some man content’, is a life utterly wasted to Marilyn’s way of thinking.  Happiness, satisfaction, a sense of self-worth can be Lydia’s only if she succeeds in breaking into the real world of achievement which used to be reserved for men only.  Since Lydia’s earliest childhood, her mother has worked to inflame her interest in scientific learning.  Marilyn has no doubt about her daughter’s abilities.  She has no doubt that Lydia is, effectively, a younger version of herself.<br/><br/>The story opens with Lydia’s disappearance. For the most part it is a chilling, compelling and fast-paced read.  Toward the end, it became a little less compelling for me.  Perhaps, I would have been more swept-up in the last part if it had been just a little shorter, but I think there was another reason also.  I found the character ‘Jack’ (a teenaged neighbor) less interesting, less convincing than any of the other major characters. It is true that he was also not so ‘major’, but somehow his inclusion in the story (though it had some justification in the plot in terms of what Lydia’s brother’s reactions were) bothered me just a little.  For these two reasons, I am going to rate this book with four (four and a half in my mind) stars.
The best book I read this year! Ng's "Everything I Never Told You" is nothing short of eloquent and exceptional, in both the storyline and her writing style. There were entire paragraphs that just twisted my heart and one-liners that made me gasp. I still think my favorite line from the book is "The hypothetical past perfect, the tense of missed chances." To me, that not only summed up the whole book, but sums up so many of our lives and that's why we relate to it.<br/><br/>Even though this book is fiction, I think it should be a must read for any parent! It shows the domino effect and destruction of parents trying to live their lives through their children. Also how wanting "what's best" for your child isn't necessarily what is best! This book reminded me of "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother" (non-fiction) and the extreme pressure the mother placed on her daughters. Although in Battle Hymn, the daughters have turned out well, I feel that "Everything I Never Told You" would be closer to the truth of what could and does happen. In addition, Everything I Never Told You is far more complex on the scale of human emotions.<br/><br/>The characters are so well developed, I have a distinct visual of each of them. I wanted to be friends with Hannah, to take her in and give her attention. Ng's writing puts you right into the heart of this family's crisis and you can't help but cheer for them, be angry at them, and question them. I haven't felt this way about fictional characters since reading Kingsolver's "The Poisonwood Bible".<br/><br/>I look forward to Ng's future books. What a writer!
I received an email from Amazon that this book was the Amazon Editors' pick for best book of 2014.  I loved their 2nd choice All the Light we Cannot See.  So I bought Everything I Never Told You in hopes I would find something as brilliant. It is not even in close to the quality of writing or story telling.
Didn't know so much could be told and understood after I learned that the girl drowned.  Much respect to the author who kept me reading on Christmas Eve as I'm preparing dinner for guests.  She knows her characters deepest emotions and now I do too
This book has the feel of a first novel, and it is a first novel. There is a special feel<br/> to that "first", usually a big story that needs to be told, and is written from the heart.<br/>I liked the book but it was depressing.  The whole plot boils down to one thing--insecurity.<br/>James is Chinese /American and very very aware that he is different. He can never let<br/> himself relax enough to fit in with a crowd.  He attributes it to his being Chinese, but<br/>it is his great insecurity that keeps him from bonding. This feeling grew out of his<br/> attending an exclusive school where his father is the janitor and mom is the cook,<br/>a pretty difficult situation.  He never got beyond these feelings.  He marries an American,<br/>blond, blue eyed coed at Harvard.  Now he has to contend with a mixed marriage. They have 3<br/> lovely children and James  pushes and pushes them to be popular. His wife who gave up her<br/>dream of becoming a doctor pushes them also.  She pushes them academically, especially<br/>the daughter Lydia. The reader as a parent can see that they, out of love, are doing everything wrong.<br/>All of this leads to heart break and almost the breaking up of their family.  Their characters are well written.<br/>The children especially come to life.  Mom and Dad not quite as real as the children. The book will hold your<br/> interest, however I felt the maladjustment of the father was a little overdone.
A hard book for me to review.  I "think" I liked it!!  The problem is that the novel is not a pretty story, and the ending is a bit of a downer, too.<br/>To be fair, the ending actually fits the novel, so the reader can't complain.  If you read and enjoyed ,"No country for Old Men" or anything by Cormac McCarthy, you'll handle this novel rather easily--it is not as dark as McCarthy.  Still, quite sad in many areas.<br/><br/>I'm not giving anything away when I tell you that , in the very beginning, the favorite child of a seemingly normal family is DEAD!!<br/>The author states thus almost immediately, and yes, she is dead.  The how, when,where and especially the WHY, becomes the focus of the text.<br/><br/>Was it murder, suicide??  How could this happen within this loving family-- well, everything isn't quite as it seems in this family-- there are real issues,  and as we get to peek into the minds of her father, mother, and siblings, we come to realize that although the family members talk to each other, what remains 'unsaid' is far more important to the young girl's death.  No more detail, don't want to ruin the plot.<br/><br/>I liked the writer's style and her ability to deal with each family member as an individual whose  actions don't  match thoughts.<br/>As stated, I think I liked  it?
This is not the kind of book I usually read, but as a member of the Ford Audiobook club I was given a copy.<br/><br/>The story revolves around a family that tragically fails to express their feelings and beliefs and when a horrible calamity ensues they are all tested beyond all boundaries.<br/><br/>We have James, the father, a Chinese American who just wants to fit in.<br/><br/>Marilyn, the mother, a woman who yearns for more than being a mother.<br/><br/>Nathan, the son, a disappointment to his father because James is reminded of himself.<br/><br/>Lydia, the cherished daughter, a blue eyed girl that both parent's pin all of their hopes on.<br/><br/>Hannah, the youngest, hiding in the shadows of a family that doesn't have room for anyone else.<br/><br/>Jack, the bad boy, neighbor fits into the story as the one that may have all the answers.<br/><br/>It's a beautifully, haunting story with a definite ending that some newer novels lack. At times, you find little love for these people that are operating at cross purposes, but in the end you come to love them all and mourn their tragedy with them.<br/><br/>I cried openly in the last two chapters and it was a catharsis cry that brings you to a feeling of promise and hope for a better day.<br/><br/>Hug your near and dear ones, you never know what tomorrow will bring.
I thought this book would be abut Asian Americans. It was more than that. It was about being different. Struggling to keep a family together, and how dangerous keeping secrets can be.
Everything I Never Told You is so insightful, confident and self-assured that it's hard to believe it's author Celeste Ng's first novel. This is literary fiction at its finest.<br/><br/>I have to admit, though, that for most of the book, I figured I'd award if four stars, not five. It was excellent but not as gripping as some others that have bowled me over from day one, and the subject was uncomfortable. But as the story progressed and especially as it reached its denouement, I found I couldn't put it down and by the time I finished it, the fifth star was a foregone conclusion.<br/><br/>Everything I Never Told You is a beautifully wrought, if sometimes disturbing exploration of a dysfunctional biracial family. Set mainly in the late 1970s, when Lydia, the elder daughter of Marilyn and James Lee, is found dead at the bottom of the local lake, it traces the stories of her, her parents and siblings. In the period it depicts (something Ng has done very well), ethnic "diversity" as we know it today was an unfamiliar term, and especially in their small Midwest college town, a family where the wife was blonde and blue-eyed and the husband Chinese-American, was an anomaly and not a particularly welcome one. In this book no one really feels comfortable in his/her skin or environment.<br/><br/>At its core the book is about the tug-of-war between parents who want different things--to stand out from the crowd vs. fitting in--and the excruciating toll that dichotomy takes when parents who have given up their own dreams attempt to project them onto their children. To Marilyn, Lydia embodies everything she wanted for herself before she got pregnant and had to drop out of Radcliffe. She is relentless in pushing her daughter to become the doctor she herself never will be, never stopping to consider that Lydia may not share her dream. James, by contrast, the son of immigrants, earned a Ph.D. from Harvard in American history but only managed to land a faculty position at a small, second-rate college in Ohio, not the Ivy League appointment of his dreams. He wants nothing more than for his daughter to be popular and fit in with her peers, pushing her to take part in social activities that she abhors and where she is ignored. Even as Lydia is the focus of her parents' competing aspirations, her older brother, Nathan, finds himself largely dismissed by them, and the youngest, Hannah, is practically invisible. As the story progresses, their complete failure to understand and connect with their children takes a heavier and heavier toll.<br/><br/>This is not an especially uplifting book, though by the end there's enough reconciliation that it doesn't leave you bummed out. But if you appreciate exceptional writing and powerful themes, you'll want to spend some time with Everything I Never Told You. It really is a remarkable book, and I'll watch eagerly for whatever else Celeste Ng produces in the future.
This was touted on Kindle as one of the best books of the month, so I took a gamble. Well, it wasn't. The story was sad. Nobody was ever happy. I cannot recommend this one.
Although this was one of the most tragically sad novels I have ever read in 60 years, it is a fact that children experience this form of acute parental pressure to succeed every day with so many detrimental effects every day especially in Asia.  I believe that every parent should read this novel when planning to have children, then again, and again as their beautiful kids grow, hopefully, throughout their education.  Parents have so much to be responsible for, mental health being up there at the top of the list.  The impact on children and the stress parents cause while wanting to live THEIR dreams through their kids is dangerous and in this case irreparable.  I work in education and in class many Asian children can hardly keep their eyes oped at school because their parents have their kids studying into the wee hours, a next door neighbour used to lock their 8 year old outside, even during a storm if he didn't please his mant tutors. Read this and weep but there is such an important message here for everybody.
My initial reaction was this book was not exactly what I thought it was going to be. It was very well written. It explored the life of a family where no one really understands each other and while each person yearns to be understood, no one really makes an effort.<br/>The storyline jumps around a bit in time but not in a haphazard or confusing way. The reader gets glimpses into the inner thoughts of most of the characters so one understands their behavior and motivations.<br/>I enjoyed the first 50 pages and the last 50 pages, which leaves nearly 200 pages of feeling alternately depressed, frustrated and bored. For me, this book was like a primer on how not to parent and how not to treat your spouse.<br/>In the end, I felt like I had just finished reading a required book for an English class. Well done, lots of themes and ideas to develop an essay but not authentically enjoyable IMO.
This is one of the saddest books I've read in a long time although most popular literary books of late make a good effort at being reasonably depressing.<br/><br/>Which is not to say Everything I Never Told You is a poor read. On the whole it is eminently readable but I found myself constantly trying to peel back my own experience of family to see if secrets and silent shame and unspoken fear are as prevalent.<br/><br/>Perhaps I wouldn't know but I think not, hope not. But then I haven't experienced being in a multiracial family half a century ago amidst the racial angst of the US.<br/><br/>Any one will relate to the struggle - so poignantly told here - that we all endure to outlive those many things that contrive to drag us to the bottom and drown us. We may well know people who haven't survived for a variety of reasons so be mindful of stirred loss as you read...
I like the writing style. Very fluid and engaging. This story is about a mixed white and Chinese family in Ohio in the 70s. It explores a number of themes such as race, gender equality, sibling rivalry, love, betrayal, death, misery, manipulation, forgiveness, and acceptance. I would've liked the author to have utilized the youngest daughter, Hannah, to reveal a little more about the family. She was a very interesting character and I felt compelled to know more about the "secrets she keeps". I was a little disappointed that she wasn't a bigger part of the story, but I wouldn't be discouraged to read it bc of this. For me, it was a little depressing. I probably will not read it again. This would be a good choice for a book club.
I expected more from this book and its reviews. I felt the ending was rather weak, and depressing. . .
This was one the saddest and most depressing books I have read.  My feelings are not directed at the writing skills of the author who did a great job of weaving the story.  It is the story itself.  The family relationships and the way they passively (and not so passively) treated each other with no thought to the effect on other family members that got to me.  I was left feeling very sad.  If this is what the author's goal was, it worked.
The storyline is there as well as the characters but I was left feeling as if it were all too generic: The white bread wife marries the Chinese immigrant and they exert incredible pressure on their child to make up for their own perceived failures. A story there to be sure but one I don't think told here at least not in something other than generic form.<br/>This writer has talent no doubt but I don't believe it is on full display here.
I'm going to have to stop depending on Amazon's review system to pick my books. This one was very misleading. The plot was shallow and beat the same subject up over and over. The characters were just awful and not people you even wanted to relate to. The daughter Hannah and the way she was treated seemed completely unbelievable to me. I am so bummed I finally buy a hard cover book and can't even hand it to a friend to read.
This book was a bit depressing but had many interesting aspects, especially those dealing with parental insecurities and pressure. It deals with the drowning of a 16 year old Chinese American girl-cause unknown until the end. How the parents own feelings affected their children was the most interesting to me since as parents we all bring various issues from our own lives into the raising of our children. I thought the book was a bit slow in the beginning but I found it more compelling as it went on. All in all, I enjoyed the book and think it would be a great discussion for a book group.
A book of sadness and lives lost from non-communication. What salvation that comes from this story is itself somehow a weakened structure that may not hold. If one is looking for fulfillment in reading this novel, it's not here.
I just finished this brilliant, terribly sad book. Although you know from the first page that the young girl of this family has died, it is the family dynamics that you learn throughout the book that are the saddest. Hating bring different...having dreams not come true. Hoping that you never have to know that someone you love feels this way. Definitely worth reading.
I read this book for a book club.  At first, I was hesitant but once I started to read, it peeked my interest.  I did not find the book terribly exciting or amazing, but a decent read.  I read it in about a week easily and enjoyed getting to know the various characters.  Overall, most of the members of the book club enjoyed it and it made for a nice conversation!
It took me longer than usual to get through this novel. I found the characterizations heavy handed and the characters one dimensional. The sun rises and sets on the blue eyed daughter and the younger daughter, who looks more Chinese, basically hides under a table and is ignored while she observes the family dynamics. The father only wants his daughter to "fit in" while the mother only wants her to become a doctor and not fulfill any sort of traditional  female role. This may reflect some sort of cultural reality, but I found the characters unsympathetic and actually annoying. Then there was the "surprise" twist with the supposed villain. Meh.
It is hard to give this book one star because at times the writing deserved better.  However, the story was vapid, the characters one dimensional and there was no subtlety or nuance within the prose.  I only finished the book because it is a book club selection.  How did the book get a decent review in The New York Times?  It is baffling.
I loved this story and read the book in one sitting.  But as a struggling wanna be writer I am baffled by all the telling and all the point of view shifts, some of which occur in the same paragraph.  These points did not bother me as a reader but I wonder how they made it past the editor.  In any event I am glad they did.
SPOILER>  I had the wrong expectations for this book.  It is not a mystery, but a book about the painful life of each member of a family. I assumed Lydia had taken her own life, to escape the misery.  Surprising that it was an accident and she actually had hope for her future.
This book has the addiction factor that makes it hard to stop once you pop. As others have said, the first sentence, "Lydia is dead," pulls you into Ng's swift current, and she doesn't let you go until the last sentence. Despite the ease of reading, I had several problems with EINTY:<br/><br/>It felt as if Ng had plotted the book out completely from beginning to end, and then stuck meticulously to her plan. The result for me was inorganic, too perfect, and hard to believe: father always felt out of place as a Chinese American, never had friends, always pressures children to have friends. Mother wished she were a doctor and pressures her daughter to avoid her own failures. Daughter is under too much pressure, other children are under-loved, misunderstandings ensue, resulting in daughter's death, which will ultimately "fix" the family. Ng had this idea from the beginning, and to carry it out her characters had to be fairly one-dimensional, paper dolls rather than people.<br/><br/>First, the number of dramatic misunderstandings are frustrating and, dare I say, lazy? Ng avoids important confrontations by planting misunderstandings that stand in for plot twists. E.g., father James thinks for a long time that mother Marilyn's unhappiness is caused by her marrying him rather than her failure to become a doctor. This misunderstanding adds fuel to James' affair with his assistant, when one word from Marilyn would have set him straight. Instead of saying, character A and character B have a real difference they struggle to overcome, Ng says character A and character B should always be happy together, and will be as soon as this misunderstanding is cleared up. At the end: oh, you've really always loved me? That's not what you meant when you said you imagined a "different" life for yourself? Great, glad we cleared that up! Much less compelling.<br/><br/>Likewise, Nath suspects neighbor kid Jack in his sister's death, but never tells anyone. Little Hannah knows that Jack is in love with Nath and never would have murdered Lydia, but never tells anyone that either. Lydia is so overcome with her desire to please her mother that she never rebels. I found the sheer number of "things I never told you" incredibly irritating, though I suppose I should have taken the title more literally.<br/><br/>So in the end when Lydia's death has contributed in some way to clearing all of these misunderstandings up, the conflicts are resolved neatly, too quickly, and left me unfulfilled.
EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU is everything I was hoping to find. If you read the opening lines and expect a murder mystery: you’ll be sorely disappointed. If you read the description and expect an ethnic narrative: there’s some of that, but again, you’ll be disappointed. If you are looking for literary brilliance and familial introspection: you’ll be enthralled.<br/><br/>“He was mesmerized by her deftness.” As her characters admire one another, so I admire Celeste Ng. She offers a killer opening, crisp writing—a blend of beauty and mystery—and a goosebumps-producing ending. Tears were shed. Seemingly miniscule items, such as a smudge of yellow paint on the wall, carry huge emotional meaning.<br/><br/>“She’d worked her way through it, a little each night, savoring the words like a cherry Life Saver tucked inside her cheek.” That’s how I treasured this book, such as Ng’s created daughter character did with her book—cherishing every morsel, every drop of flavor. Here’s such a line that caused me pause for no less than an hour: “The hypothetical past perfect, the tense of missed chances.”<br/><br/>The fully realized characters are never without conflict: “I always had one kind of life in mind and things have turned out very differently.” Everyone has their own backstory, their own secrets, their own dreams. Each controls another in their own ways, each uniquely independent. Each are highlighted through chapters taken at different times and angles and perspectives.<br/><br/>There are heart-wrenching moments that I can recognize in my own life, both as my own person and as a parent. Here in EVERYTHING I HAVE NEVER TOLD YOU, the main mother to her daughter is always, “plugging her ears by filling her head with dreams.” Meanwhile, the Harvard-bound son was largely a shadow in the background. “In a few months he would be gone, and she would be left alone to win friends and influence people and pioneer in science.”<br/><br/>Life is fragile. Life is tender. As we watch the “moon drift across the sky like a slow balloon” we see the pressure placed upon a precious child. “She knew at last where everything had gone wrong. And she knew where she had to go.” It is almost unbearable to witness, yet it is all too familiar.<br/><br/>My only complaint is that I’m now craving “eggs made five different ways.”
The title of the book seems apropos because Celeste Ng almost put me to sleep by not telling me anything. Sometimes I was in a semi hypnotic state. I kept saying to myself, “lets get on with the murder already.” The author seemed to want to tell me...everything I never told you, considering that on page 194, I was still waiting to see if it was murder or suicide. Ng writes that the missing daughter received less than quality service from the police because she was a interracial child. Is the author making a tacit complaint? Marilyn Lee (the white mother), James Lee (the Chinese father) and daughter Lydia ( the victim) seemed unable to acquire friends; second daughter Hannah was only comfortable when dealing with distress by hiding under a end table (or something comparable) and Harvard bound son, Nathan, seemed almost to have a semi benign The Oedipus Complex . Where is Sigmund Freud when you need him? If you are going to write a murder/mystery novel, practice by reading Agatha Christie. I’m not saying the book was godawful. What I’m saying is that the writer spent too much time on superfluous fluff. I know that a novel needs character history to make the reader feel empathy, but too much non-action leads to sleepy-eyes. But good news! The novel finally does ‘stir the feelings’ (nearly too late) and becomes a tasty tidbit. My question to Celeste Ng is “Why did you take so long to get me in your corner?”<br/><br/>The story is simple. Lydia Lee (16 years old) is missing. It’s the 1970s in Middlewood,Ohio. Lydia doesn’t come down for breakfast (do you like my short sentences?). The Lees are alarmed and after awhile...they call the police. Officer Fiske shows up and doesn’t think that it’s a big deal: “Most missing-girl cases resolve themselves within twenty-four hours. The girls come home by themselves.” When the family protests, Officer Fiske says to James Lee, “Now, your wife also went missing once, I remember the case. In sixty-six, wasn’t it?” Mr. Lee says, “That was a misunderstanding, a miscommunication between my wife and myself. A family matter.” I didn’t like this rehashing of the missing mom. Why? Because it necessitated too many flashbacks of Marilyn Lee going back to school to become a medical doctor after her mother passed away (Marilyn’s mom hated the interracial marriage). Subsequently, Marilyn is gone from her family for nine weeks until she realizes that she is pregnant (with Hannah) and reluctantly she returns to her family. Flashbacks are always annoying to me especially when they don’t seem important to the story. Maybe I’m wrong (because this is a strong story), but my gut reaction is usually correct. Anyway, Lydia is found drowned in the local lake several days later. What was she supposedly doing inside a row boat in the middle of a lake during the wee hours of the morning? She couldn’t swim. Was she murdered? Was it a suicide, or a cognitive mistake? You will have to read the novel to find out.<br/><br/>Lets talk about the Freudian characters. I think this is the strong part of Celeste Ng’s novel...understanding human frailties, desires and flaws. That being said, lets meet some of the players: Mr. James Lee is a college professor teaching American History (specializing in cowboys!). When people are surprised that a Chinese gentleman is teaching ‘The Wild West’, his defensive answer is, “Well, I am American.” He doesn’t know how to make friends, but he seems to have an adequate role with women. He thinks his daughter, Lydia is special and ignores his talented son, Nathan. Marilyn Lee sees her life trite as a housewife. She wanted to be a doctor but missed her chance. Now she puts pressure on her daughter, Lydia, to become that person. Lydia’s success is foremost in her life. She buys medical books for Lydia and forces her to take courses in H. S. that Lydia can’t handle or pass. Nathan Lee is the eldest. He loves aeronautics and would love to be an astronaut. He wants his mother’s attention, but mom only focuses on Lydia. Even when he is accepted to Harvard, mom and dad don’t seem rejoiced. Lydia hid his acceptance letter from him. Why? When Lydia’s dead body is found, Nathan suspects their high school neighbor, Jack Wolff, as the murderer.<br/><br/>Okay, I left out the numerous mental problems that Lydia, Jack and Hannah have. If I told you about them, this review would be too long and revealing. While reading this novel, I wondered if the author suffered similar problems, or was this story purely a figment of her imagination. Her psychoanalysis concepts concerning the characters are delightful. Maybe I’m delving into this too much. Maybe Ng just wrote a book. But I think this is the kind of novel that can be debated by English Literature classes, especially in high school. So what do I think? Well, it’s the kind of novel that puts you in a semi coma, then wakes you up with a vengeance. It’s hard to believe that this is the author’s first novel. You might not like the outcome but I thought it was apropos (same word I used in opening sentence). It’s not easy being a reviewer.
There is a sense during reading the well-written “Everything I Never Told You,” by Celeste Ng that one is travelling throughout the 1960s and 1970s – not only of the USA but of the western world of that era.  It comes from the fashions, to the TV stars, the TV shows, the music, etc.<br/><br/>There is also a pervading sense of loss and sadness during the experience, but not in a gratuitous way.  The emotions and repressed emotions are drawn sensitively and accurately.<br/><br/>What I liked:<br/>1. The characters were well drawn, while not always likable or sympathetic, as Celeste Ng has painted them warts and positives.  From Lydia, the adored daughter who remembered for all of her life what it felt like to be abandoned, to James, who would carry the mantle of not fitting in all his life.  From Marilyn, the would-be doctor who lives her life through her children, one in particular, to the silent children, Nathan and Hannah.<br/><br/>2. The multi-shaded character of Jack, possibly the most likable of the book.<br/><br/>3. Despite the harrowing circumstances, there is hope at the end.<br/><br/>What I didn’t like so much:<br/><br/>1. The repeated, constant reminder of the negative aspects of being a minority culture – specifically Chinese – in USA during the 1950s to the 1970s.  Was it/ is it really all that bad?<br/><br/>2. The total lack of positive cultural references of being a minority, a Chinese national, for there are many in life including the language, the food, the work ethic, the history, the rich culture, etc.  These 2 points would go far to help a younger reader/ a teen / YA to feel the positive things of being born a race they didn’t have a choice to be born.  It was this that prevented me from giving this excellent book a higher rating.<br/><br/>3. The lack of visual imagery of the landscape – it was like a grey, drab background.<br/><br/>4. It is unremitting in its black and white portrayal. Surely some like Jack wanted to reach out to the Lees, just as Marilyn had? I know there were correspondence tertiary colleges in that time though not of course for medical school.
Lydia is dead. And so begins a gorgeously written first novel about the difficulties encountered by growing up Chinese in the 1970s, followed by even more complex difficulties raising kids in an interracial family in Middle America. However, the author’s biggest warning through this book is not to avoid interracial relationships, it is to avoid attempting to correct the mistakes of your childhood through your children.<br/><br/>This novel is so beautifully written, it is almost meditative. It almost feels like being under water with Lydia, the plot is so carefully wrought and each word chosen with such care. However, I felt that sometimes the story and writing was too pristine and a harrowing, depressing tale was wrapped up with a calm, neat little bow at the end that was a little too tidy for such tragedy.<br/><br/>James Lee is a Chinese American History professor at Middlewood College. American history is his passion due to the severe prejudice he faced growing up with two Chinese-American immigrants who worked blue collar jobs in his elementary school. He has done everything he can to integrate into American culture, even marry his all-American blonde haired wife, Marilyn who longed to be different from her Better Crocker-worshipping housewife mother. Marilyn wanted to be a doctor, until she met James at school and got pregnant. Her professional dreams dashed, she lives to ensure her first daughter Lydia will be a doctor while James obsesses over the fact that Lydia should have friends and be popular. This tug of war of polarizing parental goals results in Marilyn giving her daughter science books and stethoscopes for Christmas while James gives her “How to Win Friends and Influence People.” Lydia is miserable and her siblings are jealous. Has she committed suicide or been murdered or something else?<br/><br/>Everyone is so wrapped up in their own wants and desires to an almost one dimensional degree. It’s hard to believe no one has any sense for all the 16 years of Lydia’s life that maybe the child needs love. It’s only when she’s dead do they lift their heads to question what they’ve done. I think Ng lets everyone off a little too easily at the end but the writing is so exquisite and the book so haunting I was left immersed in its afterglow, like Lydia on her last night on the lake, for days afterwards. I’ll look forward to her second book.
How could you not continue reading a book that begins: “Lydia is dead. But they don’t know this yet.” These nine words open up so much possibility and intrigue.<br/><br/>There is strangeness to the Lee family. A family with no friends that is made up of misfits. It is 1977 and a mixed race family is still looked upon as an oddity in Ohio. James, the father, is Chinese and Marilyn the mother, is a blonde haired blue eyed Caucasian. Lydia their golden child has characteristic of each, with her father’s black hair and almond shaped eyes the same color blue as her mother.<br/><br/>Though in the same house, the Lee’s do not know each other. They each live their own separate individual lives. When sixteen-year-old Lydia is found dead, each are trying to come to terms with what they knew and what they did not. Nath, the brother of Lydia, believes it is the boy across the street, but since Nath is “that Oriental boy”, the police will not take him seriously. Hannah, the youngest, misses her sister desperately and is left to pick up the pieces of her family all the while trying to remain invisible. They are each trying to come to terms with the police saying “suicide likely possibility.”<br/><br/>The Lee family is damaged. A marriage that was condemned from the start by Marilyn’s mother. The wound that was opened when Marilyn took time away from her husband and children with no forewarning and realizing that her dreams were never going to play out. A time when James was made to feel that it was a matter of time before a wife like Marilyn left a husband like him. Old fears lying coiled.<br/><br/>Nath gives up wanting to be seen, his acceptance to Harvard was barely a blip on the Lee family radar and Hannah realizes that she has never been seen. She is the quiet one that hides under tables and tries to use all of her inner strength to hold her family together but still she is invisible. The child that when she was born, her crib was placed in the attic where all the other unwanted things went.<br/><br/>Lydia knew that her parents loved her, I their own way, but their dreams were too heavy a burden. She knew that they favored her over Nath but she loved him and felt tethered to him. As long at Nath did not let go of her, she could absorb her parent’s dreams.<br/><br/>The Lee’s world orbited around Lydia and now with her gone, they must come to terms with all the missing parts in their lives. Unfulfilled dreams, embarrassments, seeing their own faults in their children. Children finally voicing their disappointments in their parents.<br/><br/>Sometimes our wishes and dreams are too much for our children. We do not see the stress and worry when they do not live up to our expectations. With Lydia now gone, Marilyn is left with her empty place. She had put her dreams away until she could unwrap them for her daughter. The place that her daughter can no longer fill, the place her husband no longer wants to be. Now that there is room, will invisible Hannah finally be seen? Will she finally have a place in her mother’s heart?<br/><br/>There is a twist near the end, one that was hinted at prior, but still it was surprising. This book hits on many issues and it was just one more thing that Lydia has been confronted with.<br/><br/>The very end, when all the puzzle pieces are put into place was emotional. The reader learns the truth and at the same time, there is so much more. This book is disturbing on so many levels and knowing everyone’s truth does not make it any easier. Everyone wants to blame their shortcomings on everyone else, but in the end, each had to make their own choices and live their own lives. Unfortunately, this truth came too late for Lydia.
Secrets can kill. Not just the big ones, but the little ones that we live with everyday. They have a way of dragging you down like a weight, and if you can't let them go they will pull you to the bottom until you no longer have the ability escape. This book is a story of secrets. Marilyn can't escape her dissatisfaction with how her life turned out, James longs to be just like everyone else and not the perpetual outsider, Nath just wants to escape, Hannah craves love and affection but has learned that invisibility is her lot in life, and Lydia is searching for freedom from all the expectations and the suffocating love her parents have placed on her young shoulders. These are the secrets that haunt the Lee family, the secrets that Lydia can't escape, because Lydia is dead.<br/><br/>I absolutely love this book, though I found it incredibly difficult to read from an emotional stand point. I know that not everyone will be able to understand this book. Some people are lucky enough to grow up in families that are close, loving, and able to communicate their feelings. These are the families that don't harbor secret pains and disappointments. The Lee family is not one of those families. Neither was mine. I related to this story on a visceral level. The feeling you are the perpetual outsider, the desire to escape, being suffocated under unrealistic expectations are all familiar to me. I still struggle with these emotions daily, only now I get to add a struggle with my life not turning out as I planned to the mix. My family's secrets turned out much the same way, though instead of killing her at 16, my sister's secrets killed her at 40. As I said, this book was all to relatable.<br/><br/>The language of the book was straightforward, though the story jumped back and forth in time, slowly teasing out the story, revealing bit by bit the events that brought the Lee family to this point. I fully appreciated this use of style. Had it been written in a linear timeline the impact and suspense would have been lessened. The style also added to the character development, knowing how each member of the Lee family came to to be the person they were added to their depth and realism.<br/><br/>Though not everyone will be able to appreciate this book in the same fashion as I do, I still recommend it without reserve. It is a moving and suspenseful portrait of a family and well deserving of all the attention it has received.
Not sure why anyone would give this book a low-star review when he/she didn't like the subject matter. I saw some say "too depressing," etc. In the book jacket it states that the daughter dies and how the family unravels in the aftermath. So, no surprises on that. What is amazing about this book is that it is all about insecurities. We all have them and they all manifest in different ways. Homelife, appearances, idiosyncrasies, every human has them and they all play a role in who we are and how we treat others. In this book, the father character (James, who is Chinese) is very insecure about his ethnicity. It shaped his life in how others perceived and treated him. The discrimination he faces his whole life makes him want the best for his daughter, Lydia, the one who dies in the book. "Make lots of friends," he tells her, "how are your friends, what are their names," on and on, constantly putting pressure on Lydia, who, turns out, does not fit in. The mother (Marilyn, who is white) has her own set of insecurities. Her mother was single and was the type that worried about her daughter marrying more than what her career would be, unfortunately, her daughter wants to be a doctor, a female doctor in a field of men. Marilyn never finalizes this goal and it preys on her such that it manifests itself to the point of mania. Lydia, again becomes the scapegoat for this fantasy. What happens as all this occurs in their lives is that there are two other children in the household being ignored while the parents thrust their "get good grades and be a doctor," and "make lots of friends" on one child. This obviously creates a tightrope relationship for everyone. Yes, this book is sad. But glimpsing into an interracial marriage and how each parent's personality could easily be our own is what makes this book good. The ultimate death of their daughter after finally capsizing from the pressure is what ultimately makes this family take a look at themselves. Granted it's the worst price to pay, but it causes each family member to reflect on their own lives and their relationships.
The narrator of the book examines each character, bringing them to life, exposing their secrets and the family dynamics of their relationships with each other. It is a sad book about the Lee family, and from the get-go it has a tragic persona. In 1957, James Lee, an American of Chinese background, is teaching a course on the history of cowboys. Marilyn is a Caucasian student in his lecture class and she is smitten with him. She soon drops the course to pursue him.<br/>James was retiring and kept to himself. He was weary of the slights he had often been subjected to because of how he looked, because of his background, because he was different. Chinese people were not a common sight where he was brought up or where he chose to eventually work. James truly had one wish, to blend in and belong. Because his parents worked in janitorial and kitchen services at a prestigious school, James was allowed to take the test to get in, and he passed. He was bright, and he received a superb education there and then in Harvard.<br/>Before she went to college, Marilyn attended the neighborhood high school where her mother taught. In my day, the course she taught used to be called Home Economics. It was a class that taught young girls how to become successful young women, how to fit into society. This meant learning how to cook, sew and clean in order to keep a proper home for a husband and family. Marilyn wanted to be a doctor, not a hausfrau. Marilyn, unlike James, wanted to stand out and be unique. Both James and Marilyn resented their parents because of their ambitions for them and because of what they did for a living. Marilyn detested everything her mother stood for, and James was ashamed of his parent’s duties in his school, which along with his looks brought undue attention to him.<br/>The book concerns itself with the racial discrimination of the times and also the discrimination of women in the work place. It is about the travails of being different and trying to fit in, it is about the place of women in society. It is about a time when women attended college and university to earn their MRS, to marry someone of a good, comfortable background, hopefully someone with a better pedigree than their own. That was the only way women moved up in the world in the middle of the 20th century.<br/>After her wedding, Marilyn never saw her mother again. She was not pleased with her interracial marriage. Marilyn and James tried to ignore their differences and hoped the world would, as well. The book takes place in a time when interracial relationships were not only frowned upon, they were forbidden by law. It was not until 1967, that a Supreme Court decision ruled anti-miscegenation laws unconstitutional.<br/>The novel begins with 16 year old Lydia Lee’s disappearance. She is the middle child much loved by her parents and, at times, much resented by her other siblings because she receives the bulk of the attention, the bulk of the encouragement; their parent’s enthusiasm is actually smothering her, drowning her in unwanted attention and expectations that she is unable to fulfill, but it is the parent’s behavior pattern that makes her siblings feel decidedly left out. Most of the attention foisted upon Lydia is unwanted, but still, both her siblings look on, wistfully or angrily, wishing the attention was theirs.<br/>This is a family that seems to be getting along from the outside, looking in, but inside, they are falling apart, deteriorating, heading for disaster. They are all dishonest with each other. They lie and steal from each other and sneak around trying to find their own place, trying to belong. It is ironic since both parents have experienced the same need, the need to find a place in which they would be comfortable. No one in the family seems to really know how to talk to each other, and they do not really see each other as they truly are. They do not see each other’s pain or their sadness and hardly share in their happiness either, but rather, they see each other as the person they want them to become, and they see only their own self-interest in the process. They simply do not communicate, but rather, they hide what troubles them. They present the public face that would make them and those around them the happiest, at least on the surface. Their interior private face is conflicted and confused. James and Marilyn are both trying to escape their pasts, and because of this, they impose their desires upon their children. They are trying to live vicariously through them, trying to resurrect their own lives through their children’s experiences. The story is driven by immaturity, secrets, misconceptions and misinterpretations. Self-pity abounds, although sometimes it feels justified! Lydia’s life and death drives the story off the cliff and forces them all to come to grips with their demons.<br/>James and Marilyn brought their pasts into their marriage without realizing it, and it altered the way they behaved. Neither Marilyn nor James recognized the pain in their children’s eyes or the emotional distress they experienced because they were different. They believed if they ignored their differences and worked hard to fit in, they wouldn’t be hurt by them. They didn’t recognize that some people were not going to let their children in, anymore than their differences and different needs were acceptable as they grew up. Unrealistically, they pretended they were living in a more perfect world.<br/>The book examines alternate lifestyles, sexual freedom, interracial relationships, dysfunctional families and people who act hatefully toward those they don’t accept, those they think are beneath them. The frustration caused by racial tension, the lack of equal rights for all and an inability to deal with the problems in the real world when no one is listening, is exposed in this well written first novel.
The dynamics and tentative balance of the Lee family is a study in racism and the fierce battles to belong.  The technical talent of Ms. Ng is remarkable.  She is able to move the reader from the climax of the plot and invade our senses with flashbacks of this family in crisis.<br/><br/>A terrible tragedy occurs to Lydia, the teenage daughter of Marilyn and James Lee, an “American” mother and Chinese father.  No one knows the feeling of exclusion from society better than James, who apparently feels ostracized even as an adult.  He is a college professor, teaching the history of the cowboy, of all things.  He is accustomed to ridicule and wants his children, particularly Lydia, to have many friends, popularity and feel a part of a social crowd.<br/><br/>Marilyn, on the other hand, is angry because she did not become the doctor or scientist and decides Lydia will be the one to attain those goals.  Living vicariously through Lydia is a main thrust of the story.  It is a sad commentary on our society and the mistakes too many parents make when believing their children want what they want.<br/><br/>The family is dysfunctional, the oldest child, Nathan, is overly anxious to leave the nest and poor Hannah, the youngest, is almost totally ignored and starving for affection.  Ng’s most credible perception of the family’s catastrophe is seen and through her eyes and heart.  She is the omniscient one without knowing it.<br/><br/>Marilyn’s presence as a mother comes at a great cost to the family.  Her expectations preclude her from delving into her children’s hearts and knowing who they are.  For an intelligent woman, she really believes her children have the same aspirations as she does.  James is floundering and because he does not have a sense of belonging, it becomes a tragic tale.<br/><br/>The plot is precise and the author’s prose enriches the story as the fabric of this family is shoved aside.  It is heartbreaking but there are responsibilities that Marilyn has abandoned.  At one point in their lives, Marilyn leaves and returns to school, abandoning her family.  James is not equipped to help his children get through this upheaval.  When Marilyn returns, she asks the children if they behaved while she was gone.  She did not apologize or offer any explanation.  Tragic consequences are now entering their lives. This is an outstanding first novel; I highly recommend it.
I wanted to read Everything I Never Told You since I've had such great luck with debuts this year! I wouldn't say I loved this book as much as Amazon did (they chose it as the Best Book of 2014), but I did like it a lot, even though it turned out to be a bit different than I expected.<br/><br/>Given the book opens with this doozy, I was expecting a thriller focused on how and why Lydia is dead.<br/><br/>"Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet..."<br/><br/>But, Everything I Never Told You is more a story of family dynamics with Lydia's death as the catalyst forcing each member to examine themselves. It's also a portrait of what it's like to be immigrants (and a multi-racial family...dad James is Chinese and mom Marilyn is white) in a town where there is not any immigrant population to speak of. James is constantly trying to fit into this very traditional community, while Marilyn is trying to escape from the type of life she promised herself she would never lead. Children Nathan and Hannah are struggling to distinguish themselves in a household where Lydia had always been the shining star.<br/><br/>I was invested in the family dynamics angle of the story and felt incredibly sorry for the children dealing with the death of their sister more or less without the support of their parents. The themes of parents projecting their own dreams onto their children, families not openly talking about issues (i.e. pretending nothing is wrong), and foregone professional dreams of the stay-at-home mom are relatable and well explored in this story. It's a bit of a cautionary tale in this respect.<br/><br/>Lydia's death does provide good suspense, but not in a page-turning, thriller type way. Though it's a quieter presence, I did want to know how and why Lydia died. Was it suicide? Was she murdered? Was it an accident? Was anyone else involved? Lydia's death introduces the question of how well parents really know their children. Oddly enough, this issue seems to be a running theme in my recent reading (The Fever and Reconstructing Amelia)! Given I have two young children, it's somewhat scary to think about the prospect of being on the parental end of this as they get older.<br/><br/>Though Everything I Never Told You turned out to be a different type of book than I was expecting, I very much enjoyed it and would say that it's one of the better debuts of the year. It would also make a great book club selection, especially since it's under 300 pages!<br/><br/>Check out my blog, Sarah's Book Shelves, for more reviews.
On May 3rd 1977 the Lee family wake up for breakfast as normal.  History professor James heads off to work, Nath and Hannah head down to where mother Marilyn is making breakfast,  but sister Lydia does not join them.  She has not slept in her bed and so the nightmare every parent secretly dreads begins, as Marilyn realises her daughter is missing.  It is the summer of Son of Sam, but the Lee’s do not live in a crime ridden city, but  in Middlewood, a tiny college town with a population of about 3,000.<br/><br/>This novel is much more than a crime story.  Yes, Lydia is dead and obviously the search for what happened is at the centre of the storyline.  However, this is much more about how the death of Lydia affects the family.  James Lee worries that his half Chinese children might have suffered the same casual bullying he received at school.  As the novel progresses, we learn of how he met his wife and  her resentment as her ambitions to be a doctor were thwarted by motherhood.  There is brother Nath, who has achieved the academic success that his mother wanted for Lydia; Hannah the almost forgotten daughter and Jack Wolff, the neighbourhood boy that Nath suspects with being involved in Lydia’s disappearance.<br/><br/>Marilyn discovers that she did not know as much about her favourite child as she thought.  The diaries she had brought for her to write her secrets remain empty, but there are obviously things about Lydia that Marilyn was not aware of.  As James turns away from her, both she and her remaining children look for answers.  This is a moving and compelling read, which unfolds slowly but is beautifully written.  I found the settings and characters realistic and the author writes tellingly of the dynamics of marriage and family.  Lastly, I received a copy of this book from the publisher, via NetGalley, for review.
I love a good mystery especially one that is cerebral so when I first saw this up on Edelweiss I was very, very excited to read it!! Well I finally got to it after pushing it further and further down my reading list, I really need to learn to prioritize better, but anyway. So this is one of the few books that I was completely hyped up for that actually lived up to the hype!<br/><br/>Lydia is dead, but was there foul play or did Lydia kill herself?<br/><br/>Lydia's family is a little out the ordinary, her mom is constantly on her about applying herself to all these courses so that she can one day become a doctor, your basic mom living out her dreams that didn't happen for her through her daughter. Lydia's dad is always trying to get her to make more friends to be an average American teenager because he is ashamed of his Chinese heritage. Both parents have deep issues from their pasts that are stressing Lydia out. Luckily Lydia has an ally in her older brother Nathan but soon he won't be there very much longer because he is headed off to Harvard in the fall. Not knowing where to turn to Lydia starts hanging out with the neighborhood bad boy, Jack, whom her brother Nathan strongly disapproves of, but when Lydia realizes that she is not the object of Jack's desires but that her brother is things start to slide even faster down hill from there.<br/><br/>The theme of suicide is not an easy one to approach especially with it dealing with a teenager but the author did an excellent job of portraying the story with grace and understanding though this did make some of the parts in the story a bit boring just because the author choose to stay with that style of writing which to me felt almost surreal (like in a dream or when you feel like you are standing outside yourself watching it all happen, hope that makes sense) but this type of style is also what makes the suicide not seem to gory or horrifying that you want to stop reading the book. So yes some boring parts but the overall content is excellent.<br/><br/>Discover: A poignant tale of how family interactions play such a huge part in who we become and the decisions that we make.<br/><br/>4 stars means to me: A great read. Memorable and highly entertaining. Recommended, but for whatever reason, not the all consuming experience that I feel characterizes a five star book. Maybe one or two minor issues.
"Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet."<br/><br/>The Lydia in question is Lydia Lee, a teenager growing up in the Ohio suburbs of the late 1970s. A hybrid of her parents, with her Chinese father's black hair and her American mother's blue eyes, she has always stood out—particularly when all she wanted to do was fit in. Despite being the middle child, she is the one bearing all of her parents' expectations—her mother's desires that Lydia pursue the medical career she wasn't able to, and her father's wishes that she be popular, affable, and charming.<br/><br/>Lydia's death lays bare fissures between and among each remaining member of her family. Her parents' relationship wearies under the strain of grief, regrets, and the pressure of being an ethnically mixed couple in a world not quite ready to accept them. Lydia's older brother, Nath (short for Nathan), is desperate for his parents to recognize his achievements, yet they leave him to chart his own course, and he wonders if his attitude toward his sister in the last few days of her life had any impact on her death. And Hannah, the youngest daughter, all but forgotten in the haze, but she sees and notices more than anyone realizes, and is desperate to share her love and her thoughts with her family.<br/><br/>This is a sad book even without Lydia's death at its core. This is a book about all of the secrets, resentments, fears, hopes, regrets, and wishes we leave unsaid, and the toll they all take on our lives. It's amazing to realize how giving voice to one feeling, one irritation, one fear can truly change the course of a life, but all too often, they remain unspoken. It's also a book about the need to be the person you want to be, because if you allow someone else to mold you into something you don't want to be, you will lose yourself.<br/><br/>Everything I Never Told You is beautifully written and poignant, but because of all of the things left unspoken, it was a little frustrating at times, much like real life. The book spans through the early days of Lydia's parents' relationship to the aftermath of her death, and points to future events as well. All I kept thinking as I read the book was, "How sad." This is a tragic book, but not a maudlin one, and Celeste Ng's writing is poetically lyrical.
“Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet." I couldn't read the opening sentence of Everything I Never Told You and not read the book. As a mother, I would like to think that my connection to my sons is so strong that I would know if something life-threatening had happened to them. I know this maternal connection fairy tale I tell myself may be a bit at odds with reality, but it still bothers me intensely that a child could be dead and her family might not know it. Yet, that is the tragedy that befalls the Lee family. James is a Chinese-American father, married to his white wife, Marilyn. Because of his race, James has always felt like an outsider, so as he raises his children, Nath, Lydia, and Hannah in the 1970s in Ohio, he aches to have them be popular and fit in as he never has. Marilyn has unrealized dreams of becoming a doctor, and her unfulfilled dreams become her expectations for the favorite child, middle daughter Lydia. Everything I Never Told You explores how a family falls apart when they can't see, understand, and accept each other for who they really are. Celeste Ng writes this from each character's perspective while telling their stories so the reader can better understand why each family member acts as they do. She explains the culture and climate of the 1950s when James and Marilyn marry, along with the years of assumptions, misunderstandings, miscommunication, and sometimes total lack of communication that has led the Lee family to this point. There is no big reveal or twist, just a heartbreaking, poignant resolution.<br/><br/>There are several things that I don't understand or can't judge because I have no experience with them, and they affected how I felt about the book. I believe that a Chinese-American would have experienced some prejudice in the 1970s, and even more so in the 1950s, but I wonder if the level of prejudice displayed towards interracial parents and their children was as much as is written here. Also, Lydia seemed to be a lovely child, but I would have liked more detail as to why she was her parents' clear favorite, to the point that Nath and Lydia are barely noticed. Lastly and most importantly, I wonder about a completely reprehensible, almost unforgivable act that James commits after Lydia's funeral. I can understand being so emotionally distraught at the death of your child that you want to blot out all emotion, but what he did has repercussions later in the book, and I wish there had been some further exploration of why he behaved this way and his wife's response, or lack of it! I couldn't find any other reviewers that seemed to be bothered by this as much as I was, but it was a big one for me. This is a solid 3.5 star book, rounded up because it is a worthwhile read that has made me think.
The story explores familial dysfunction - parental favoritism, selfish expectations and repercussions associated thereto, along with issues of racism and homosexuality. The children take on the mantle the parents project and moderate their actions and their thoughts, to accommodate or not, to keep a status quo, a contemporary issue still relevant.<br/><br/>I loved Ng's phraseology and use of language, and her metaphors are visual and sensory. She describes happiness as "fragile and if you were careless you could easily knock it over and shatter it." "His voice sliced through the glow like a blunt knife" and "In her mind, words ricocheted like glass marbles." Beautiful. The author's relationship with words was exceptional, and I loved the feeling of them on my tongue as I read.<br/><br/>Though Lydia was dead at the beginning (we are told that in the first sentence) she was certainly alive throughout the story. Near the end, she did, however, mention things about her father that happened after she died. James and Marilyn (the parents) were a little flat and single-dimensional. IMHO, not enough backgrouond information was given to account for their bizarre parenting or their other choices, like they were created only to tell this story. The children were products of their environment and likely destined to repeat the dysfunction. The devastation wreaked by the parents was dreadful, and I wished they had sorted things out better before the end. I was left unsettled, which the author likely did with purpose; it worked for me.<br/><br/>It surprised me that Everything I Never Told You was a debut novel. It was truly exceptional. For a fast read, it was insightful and had depth. Worth your time.
Brief summary and review, no spoilers.<br/><br/>We start off knowing from the very first sentence that a young girl named Lydia is dead. The facts surrounding her death and her family's story become the basis of this fine novel. The story takes place in Ohio and the year is 1977.<br/><br/>Lydia was a 16 year old girl who lived with her parents, older brother Nath, and younger sister Hannah. Her mother Marilyn had wanted to be a doctor when she was younger but we know she is a homemaker. Why she is not a doctor becomes part of the backstory.<br/><br/>Lydia's father was born in America but his parents were both Chinese. He and Marilyn met while he was teaching a class at Harvard. They both formed an instant attraction to each other and married.<br/><br/>The story goes back and forth in time as we learn about every member of the family and read about the pressures they were under growing up, especially in race-conscious America during the 1950's and 60's where being part of a mixed-marriage was often looked upon with disapproval.<br/><br/>Each family member in this novel has their own pressures and motivations and as in all families, there are secrets and dreams that are kept private. The answer to Lydia's death is revealed only after we learn about all these viewpoints and find out what makes these character's tick.<br/><br/>I thought this book was a page-turner and I loved the technique of having us go back and forth in time. There were a few spots that felt a little unreal to me - that I didn't buy what the characters may have done or said - but those are minor quibbles in an otherwise interesting book that I believe would make a fascinating book club selection.<br/><br/>Recommended.
Felt this was a very sad depressing story. The only reason I bought it is because I joined a book club and needed to read it for our upcoming meeting. I felt the parents in the story shouldn't have had children as it seems they made their lives a living hell.
One of three children born to interracial parents, Lydia was clearly the favorite. She was obedient, disciplined, talented, and never caused her parents to worry. When she goes missing and is subsequently found dead, it goes without saying that her parents were truly shocked. It is upon her disappearance that Everything I Never Told You by Celeste Ng begins, and what follows is a stunning portrait of family obligation, sibling rivalry, marriage, growing up, and societal norms.<br/><br/>In the wake of Lydia’s death, each member of her family copes differently. Her mom laments the loss of Lydia’s future while regretting her own decisions, her dad seeks solace in unlikely places, and her brother struggles with what he knows about the neighborhood bad boy. Only Lydia’s younger sister has the presence of mind to see the facts for what they really are, but her role in the family prevents her from being outspoken about it. As each member of the family orbits around each other (and not discussing what they know), they give the reader a glimpse into a life that is less picture-perfect than it seems at first.<br/><br/>Although Everything I Never Told You is centered around Lydia’s death, it is ultimately a complex story that incorporates racial tensions, academic pressures, and a precarious family dynamic based on regret and hope. Each family member is harboring secrets and battling inner demons, culminating in a story that is both poignant and realistic. If you’re looking for a book that could easily mirror reality in the late 1970′s, then this is the one for you.<br/><br/>Allison @ The Book Wheel
This began well and I was interested the entire time.  The character development is really strong and it goes at a really good pace.  But I thought it was leading up to some big bomshell but it never quite got there.  I thought it was anticlimactic.
The story about being different in America has some resonance. However, the characters here were one dimensional. It is hard to believe that intelligent people had so little insight into themselves and their family dynamics especially after so many years and during a time when there were so many changes in American society.
I am giving this novel 3 stars only because I thought the story line was very hard to follow and I had to read and then go back to clear things up. It is a very hard look at a dysfunctional family who love each other dearly but don't communicate well. I actually liked the book but found it a "hard read",,,,
This novel has all the elements in place to be a very solid read.  It tells of the Lee family, with a Chinese-American father, a blonde mother and their three children, Nath, Lydia and Hannah.  In the first line of the book, we are told that Lydia is dead.  She dies at 16.  The rest of the book involves figuring out just why this is the case.<br/><br/>The book stands on the edge of being very good, but never quite gets there, in my opinion.  This is partly due to everything being just a little too magnified---the parents' attitudes toward Lydia as opposed to the other two kids, the anger of Nath toward a neighbor, Jack, with reasons that don't seem strong enough to cause it, the complete rejection of Marilyn's (the mother) own mother due to a remark she made before the wedding---everything just seems a little more extreme than it would be in real life.  And the author often draws conclusions for the reader that they could draw for themselves, about motives and thoughts and feelings.  It feels like she doesn't quite trust herself as an author, and she should.  This is a case where a little less direction and a little more trust in the readers to get what is going on would make for a better book.<br/><br/>All that being said, I was kept engrossed by the book until the end, due to the strong plot and interesting characters.  I think the author's next book, and I hope there is a next book, will be even better.
An emotional story with very believable characters and arc.  Written well and moving, it is a reflection on how we cope with grief as well as how we create our own self-deception through everything we never tell ourselves.
Hard to put this book down. Complex relationships are everywhere in this story of a Chinese American family trying to fit into a small town. A tragic death, a young girl lost forever, a family flailing...read it yourself!
Powerful and troubling, especially if you've been a parent with a rocky relationship with your teenagers. There is often so much that goes unsaid between parents and kids. Very concise and well written. Recommended.
The premise of the novel, EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU involves Lydia a just turned sixteen year old girl who is found drowned in a local lake leaving her family grief stricken and astounded.  Lydia's father James is a Harvard educated American History professor at the local college while her mother Marilyn who dropped out of Pre-Med at Radcliffe when she became pregnant has put all her hopes on her oldest daughter and middle child Lydia as she has determined the girl should fulfill her own thwarted dreams.  The other members of the family are Nath a high school senior who has been admitted to Harvard and a little sister Hannah who seems to be a bit of an afterthought.  The book examines the family's well meaning but dysfunctional dynamics that contributed to this tragedy.  Another complicating factor is that James while California born is of Chinese ancestry while Marilyn is a Caucasian from Virginia and both have lost all contact with their families of origin.  Blue eyed Lydia was considered the only non white girl in her high school class.<br/><br/>The setting of the novel is a fictional college town in Northwest Ohio, an hour's drive from Toledo, during the spring/summer of 1977.  Since I too grew up in Northwest Ohio, sixty miles or so from Toledo, and graduated from high school in 1977 the story resonated strongly with me in several ways.  Some reviewers have questioned if prejudice against an ethnically mixed family could really have created such problems for its children in that time and place.  I can remember when a family was considered mixed if one parent was raised Catholic and the other Protestant even if the parents currently attended the same denomination as their spouse  so sadly that aspect of the story did ring true to me as did the general racism toward people of Asian descent.  Author Celeste Ng is also careful to note that Marilyn and James' own lack of social skills created problems for their children as well.  EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU is a well written book that is often an uncomfortable read.  I am giving the book four stars which it definitely deserves but I can not really say I "liked" the book as it brought up unpleasant feelings and memories.
I read this for a book club, and isn't one I would have chosen otherwise. Still, it's worth the few hours' time. It's an easy read, and not so many characters as to confuse them and are reasonably developed.
This work was consumed in Audio format via Audible.  The narration by Cassandra Campbell was very engaging, and I highly recommend this format.<br/><br/>With all the buzz surrounding this book, I wasn't sure if I could read/listen to it right away.  In retrospect, I'm not sure waiting would have helped.  While it was a very good read/listen, it didn't blow me away as I was hoping it would.<br/><br/>I've consciously been trying to read more diversely, and Celeste Ng did a wonderful job for a debut novel.  It will be great to see how her writing develops as she continues on in her career.  That said, the pacing of the book dragged a bit in the middle, and, while I didn't feel like she rushed the ending (a problem some authors I've been reading lately seem to have), I found myself a bit bored with some of storylines (siblings - underdeveloped, parents - a bit dull at times).<br/><br/>Lydia dies, and the glimpses into her life were the sections that I enjoyed the most.  The contributions of her parents to what happened are realistic and all too common.  However, If the entire book was as interestingly as Lydia's character, it would have been a five star review.  The ending of this book was beautifully, breathtakingly written, and, for that reason alone, you should read this book.
Everything is a lie, one lie built upon another, but no one realizes this until it is too late. Lydia was late for breakfast, she is usually right on time. The family searches the house, the yard and then the lake, where Lydia is found. As the first sentence in the book tells us, "Lydia is dead". Now, we begin to put the pieces together.<br/><br/>A beautifully wrought book, put together with such lovely writing. The author, Celeste Ng, writes like this is her tenth book, with such precision and knowing. We meet the mother, Marilyn, a woman who missed her dream of being a doctor. Her husband, James, Chinese, who never felt comfortable or wanted in this Ohio community. Nathan, the son, who knows Jack, Lydia's boyfriend. And, Hannah, the youngest, who observes all and knows much, but no one listens.<br/><br/>Lydia seemed to be the child who would fulfill the dreams of everyone, and, now, we wonder, was this too much? How many of us project the dreams of our youth on our children? Many of us, unknowingly, and only find out when something drastic occurs. This book is akin to a mystery, unraveling clues one after another. However, what we find can only bring more grief and uncertainty. Will anything ever be right again?<br/><br/>Recommended. prisrob 07-11-14
There is a lot to say about this book.<br/>If you are looking for something cheery, forget it.<br/>I rarely weep at all and have seldom cried more than a tear or two over a book.<br/>But I openly wept while reading this. And that does not make it a bad book in my estimation. That makes it a deeply meaningful one.<br/>There are reasons to feel badly for each and every one of the main characters.<br/>A lot of the books I read I have forgotten by the end of the week. This one will stay with me for years.<br/>It has so much to say about people's expectations of each other in a family, about favoritism of one child in a family over another to the detriment of the entire family.<br/>It made me angry at people who try to determine the destinies of their children, who try to push their own lost dreams upon their children.<br/><br/>I think I will have to go back to reading some light and trashy mysteries for a while.<br/><br/>I cannot say enough about the writing. It was moving and subtle and well crafted and shows a remarkable understanding of family dynamic.<br/>I will be interested to see of the author can reach the heights of this one in a future novel.
I have never written a book review before and won't here. All I can say is "whoa." It is beautifully written, moving and so real. I can't imagine this book disappointing anyone.
A melancholy book, with not much happiness or optimism. Well written, but always put me in a gray mood each time I picked it up. Not a bad book, it's just not for me.
In "Everything I Never Told You," Celeste Ng writes in third person omniscient -- knowing and representing the thoughts and feelings of all her characters as they try to unravel the central issue in this complex novel -- Lydia's death and how that tragedy permeates across issues of race, acceptance, familial expectations, and loss. Ng's writing is fluid and dense; sharp and penetrating -- illuminating desire and hardship, success and failure, clarity and confusion. On the surface, it seems like a book of secrets, but as each one is revealed, it leaves you wanting to know more about what has gone unsaid. Ng's writing at times moves fast but she does a good job of transitioning between different time frames and is the master of summary. She gives you snapshots of what's important and leaves out what's unnecessary. The cadence is well-paced and there is definitely a lot of tension and complexity throughout. An evocative and haunting read, one that will not disappoint. A simple plot with many layers; a novel of great psychological depth.
Well written family drama peeling back the layers of a dysfunction family crippled by lost dreams, unrealistic expectations and the complex milieu  of the 70's.
Great story idea but took way to long to get to the end.  Characters were all sad sacks with very little redeeming qualities.  Disappointed that the author didn't bother to develop more of the cultural aspect of the times, instead clobbering the reader over the head with the obvious.  End was rediculous.
Flat and disjointed.  Could not feel for ANY of characters except Hannah (little sister). Could have been so much more, had the makings, but even the plot lines couldn't come together for me.
Twelve chapters, not even 300 pages, but this novel packs a lot of pain.  Set in the 70s, the story portrays a mixed-race family and the struggles they faced in the community, and more importantly, the traipsing each of the members have to do amongst themselves.  Such a sad story all throughout, but slivers of hope are inserted sparingly.<br/><br/>Celeste Ng's writing style pulls the readers into the pages of the book, and transports them to and fro in the lives of each of the character.  Even with a few chapters and pages, she painted the gloomy present day, explained how it all started with flashbacks, and lent hope with glimpses of how the future will look like.<br/><br/>This book might be selective of its readers; it's not for those who easily gets depressed. But if you're one who can see even just a glimmer of hope in a very dark place, if you can always find a nugget of knowledge and life lessons in trying situations, then you should pick up and immerse yourself in this book.
Ms. Ng has so much insight into the human experience--it's almost as if she has lived all of her characters' lives.  She is able to project herself into the psyche of the son of poor Chinese immigrants who becomes a college professor and spends his entire life trying to "fit in," as well as that of his bright and motivated Caucasian wife whose dream of becoming a doctor is thwarted upon becoming pregnant.  And these characters project and impose their dreams and struggles onto their 3 children, particularly one bright and beautiful daughter, Lydia, with tragic consequences.  Smoothly alternating between past and present, the interior worlds of each character in the family, from the son obsessed with space travel to the youngest child who learns to make god use of her invisibility, are revealed in bits and pieces...until we finally understand all of their motives, desires and needs. Ms. Ng very skillfully fashions characters who touch you deeply and arouse your compassion.
So much not to enjoy about this book. Superficial plot, slow pace, repetitiveness, boring characters. By the end, I really didn't care what happened.
I was hooked by the time I read the first sentence, and what followed did not disappoint. The author pulled off something that's difficult: she was inside the head of every character, yet her transitions from one to another flowed seamlessly. She has created a tale with depth and authenticity.<br/><br/>If I had to struggle to find something negative to point to, it would be the abundance of similes. Sometimes they were so close together, I'd find myself still feeling the impact of one when there would be another that I wasn't quite ready to read because I was still savoring the first one. That's a very small quibble and really represents an abundance of riches in the writing. Ng's similes shine.<br/><br/>Throughout the book, it's easy to picture the characters and to "see" the scenes depicted. Highly recommended.<br/><br/>I'm very glad Amazon named this the book of the year because otherwise I would have missed it, and that would have been my loss.
Everything I Never Told You by Celeste Ng is on a lot of lists this summer—and it should be. I really liked this novel—it takes place in Ohio in the 1970s and tells the story of a middle-class Chinese-American family, their relationships with each other, how they cope with the sudden death of the middle daughter, and the uncertainty regarding the cause of this death. This novel really recreates the time period well—a time when mixed marriages were an oddity and when racism was much more blatant in mid-America than it is today. Moving back and forth between the present and the past, and back and forth between the point of view of the five family members, this is a very moving story that makes the reader wonder how well we really know the ones we love. I finished this book several days ago and I'm still thinking about the characters--which I think is always a sign of powerful writing. This is Ng's first novel, and I hope we see more from her soon.
Too sad. Not very hopeful. A dysfunctional family dealing with grief. I only finished it because I listened to the audiobook during a long drive.
Deep character development !  Spent a rainy day reading this cover to cover!  Highly recommend it.  Interesting commentary on mixed race couples.
Probably everyone can benefit from reading this cautionary tale  about pushing your own values and desires onto your child(ren) and living vicariously through one or all of them.  Dysfunctional families are not only families that are comprised of drug or alcohol addicts, nor are they  filled with stupid people who lack education and are abusive, as this book will show you.  A dysfunctional family can consist of the most intelligent, well-educated, most ambitious people out there who "just want the best for their children."  But maybe these parents should ask their children what the children really want and listen to what their children have to say instead of ignoring them or pushing them too hard.  Everyone should read this book, but would-be parents, parents who are already raising children, and people like me who have already had their turn at raising children will learn a lot from the Lee family.
Good, but like many a debut novel, too long, and not as well written as I would like, although the story takes a few twists and turns.  I am a retired Pediatric Nurse practitioner, so I have high standards when it comes to the representation of children in books and movies.  To me, it is hard to imagine that Lydia, at her age, would be able to think out and carry out the subterfuge described with her mother.  Also hard to think that she would be sophisticated enough to think up how to feign the perfect daughter, let alone being able to carry it off for literally years.  Their parents' interactions with each of them seemed kind of pat, and so very different.  And what are the chances that Hannah, the youngest child, is the only one in the family, including the parents, that figures everything out.  It wasn't terrible, just her first novel with some of the problems that all first novels seem to have.
Given the first sentence of this book, "Lydia is dead," I thought this was the beginning of a jump right into it thriller. I couldn't have been further from the truth. While this story was a quick read, I personally found it to be lacking. I didn't feel much of a connection to the characters and found them to be excessively depressing, pathetic and whiny. The family dynamic also felt unbelievable and unrealistic with none of them ever speaking out their feelings or making any sort of connection with each other or anyone else for that matter. I also kept waiting for the not yet revealed dramatic reason for Lydia's death. However, all I received were a repetitive 60+ pages about Lydia's overwhelming pressures from her mom and dad with a disappointing "twist" at the end. I just felt this book had the capacity and bones to be so much more than it was, which left me feeling underwhelmed and misled.
Didn't think the story itself was good.  No real plot or mystery. I usually hate for a book to end...I was glad to be done with this one.
I'm always skeptical of a book that begins by bluntly informing readers of the end result: "Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet." However, Celeste Ng constructs a captivating tale that weaves together the past and present stories and experiences of Lydia's family members in order to depict the circumstances that led to Lydia's death. This was a book that I did not want to put down, and her tale kept me hypothesizing as to who may have killed Lydia or contributed to Lydia's death until the very end. The prose is captivating and the perfect mix of straightforward and descriptive, as the plot propels forward (even as the timeline takes a momentary jump back into the past). Ng's six years of work on the book have surely paid off, as she will now be an author on my "watch list." I can't wait to see what she publishes next, and highly recommend this book to readers!
How this book has so many rave reviews is beyond me.  The characters were unlikable, the plot and details dragged throughout the book and dragged the story down to triteness.  From the beginning of the novel the reader knows a teenage girl is dead and apparently the book will be about her murder but surprise it is not a murder mystery but it is the story of a dysfunctional family where every member is friendless. I did not wonder why they had no friends because each person was so unhappy with their lot in life no one would befriend them together or individually.  The details went beyond boring.  Really, who needs the questions on the learning permit test as details?  The events that were life changing for the characters were either downplayed when very important or they were made to be major when they seemed unimportant.  I found some inconsistencies in the novel but to reveal them here would provide spoilers. I would classify this book as Young Adult but would never recommend it to anyone. So why did I finish the book?  Book club pick!
This is the story of a family, the Lee family. Father, James is Chinese and mother, Marilyn is white, and they have three children: Nath, Lydia, and Hannah. We learn from page one that Lydia is dead. Told in flashbacks and the present and from different narrators, we come to a better understanding of this family and especially the reasons for Lydia's death. I do not give 5 star ratings often, as I feel they are for special books and this one certainly was for me. Ng's prose is gorgeous, her story line is interesting, and I had compassion for this family and their heartaches. The words just flow off the page, and it was easy to follow even with different narrators and time periods. I came away with a better understanding of how children should not be used to fulfill the regrets of their parents and how children process these pressures from parents.
A teenage girl has gone missing.  The tragedy exposes all the families secrets.<br/><br/>I just really didn't enjoy reading about the family.  I don't mind if characters repel me, but they need to at least be interesting.  And I didn't find these characters likable or interesting.  As well I thought the themes were a bit heavy handed.  There example, there wasn't just slight racial tension that the reader had to discover for him/herself -- no you are constantly hit over the head that Asian equals alien.  Also, the characters inner thoughts just seemed to be way to old.  It was what an adult would be thinking in that situation, not what a child would be thinking.  I mean, what little girl automatically understands that all her mothers hopes and dreams have been transferred to her when she's five years old?
Having experienced the death of a young teen son I could feel the varying emotions that Celeste Ng was working to convey. She did an excellent job.  I found the book slow to begin with and than the currents of the story picked up and was very well done.<br/>The death of a young one in a family stirs up many different emotions and a great deal of anger.  Why them? Why so young? What really happened?  Having lived in the Far East I could further relate to those involved. The closed emotions, pain held deep within and wanting answers and working hard to get them.  This family, unfortunately, had no friends to support them.  We, on the other hand, were surrounded by loving, caring people.  Their pain of isolation at this difficult time was deep and the author conveyed that well.
I don't write a lot of reviews and probably wouldn't write this one, except for one of the negative reviews I read before buying the book.  The writer of that review described the characters as "awful".  I almost didn't read the book because of that review.  While I understand why the reviewer felt that way, I wanted to express my feelings about the book and the characters.  To me, they are flawed, vastly affected by their backgrounds and finding it difficult to let go of the pain.  That didn't make me like them more, but just understand them a little better.  The main point I wanted to make, though, is that the book, is immensely readable!  I couldn't put it down, while at the same time thinking it was sad and troubling.  Celeste Ng is an amazing storyteller!
A total waste of a few hours when I could have been doing something much more interesting. Don't bother. Really an insignificant novel.
Everything I Never Told You by Celeste Ng is a beautiful and extraordinary work of literary fiction.  The book opens up with the death of Lydia, the middle child of Marilyn and James Lee, but the family is not yet aware she is dead.  The book delves into the lives of the family, Lydia’s older brother Nathan, her younger sister Hannah, and her parents, Marilyn and James.  I found the manner in which Ng chose to tell the story of a dead child to be unique.  The reader is offered angles and perspective from all family members as well as a look back to how the Lee’s met and how the Lee’s ended up where they are currently.  Everything I Never Told You is a beautifully well-written book, which takes an in depth, look at what it means to be a family and the complexities of relationships within a family.  Book groups would do well to pick Everything I Never Told You for a summer read.
Alright, I almost added a third star when I got choked up as I neared the end of the book-but oh, oh, oh, the dreadful process of getting there.  And then even the ending-ending (there seem to be several) made me silently subtract that third star. Two stars it is.  Let me explain.<br/><br/>I have read somewhere that the author teaches creative writing and I can almost hear her telling her students: Details, it is details that give you credibility with your reader.  Yet what can one make of a story where the details are so frequently, insistently wrong?  Over and over I was caught up short by some detail that made me wonder if the author was dozing while she wrote.<br/><br/>(I listened to the audio version so if I have been mistaken in some of these, please, please correct me--I do not have the text before me.)<br/><br/>The time line of the opening chapter confused me completely.  The family is getting up and in the midst of making breakfast before the children go to school.  They then discover that a daughter/sister is missing.  However, it seems that she should be missing--that is, already at school--as class had already started (as the mother calls immediately to find out if the daughter was in class.)  So where are we in time?  Before school or during first period?  We are where it is convenient for the author at the moment, it would seem.<br/><br/>The mother was a student at Radcliffe College during the 1950s, at that time a women's college affiliated with Harvard.  I was quite surprised when said mother walked into her chemistry class to find it filled with men-or rather, boys.  I am quite sure that Radcliffe had chemistry classes for their students and were not required to send them across to the "men's college."  In fact, the behavior the boys exhibited was one reason women went to women's colleges at that time-so they could learn in an atmosphere somewhat free of male harassment.  The school the mother goes to sounds more like some midwestern land grant school than a prestigious University for women.  I suspect the author, as well as the characters, goes in for educational "glamour."  Anyway, what she describes does not seem to be Radcliffe.<br/><br/>At one point the mother goes expectantly to her student advisor wanting to take a physics course-remember, this is a women's college-who the hell else would be going to the class-and the professor gives her permission to take-biology?!?-as if that was a prerequisite to physics???<br/><br/>Also note the mother, who wanted to be a doctor, was going to take organic chemistry her senior year of college.  Yes, there were a few women that went to medical school then but they had to do it the same way men did.  Organic chemistry would have been taken her sophomore year.  It has been that way pretty much since the Flexner Report on Medical Education (circa 1909).<br/><br/>The daughter attends a school where physics is a requirement for high school graduation.  Since this appears to have been a public school, state school requirements would dictate necessary courses for graduation.  I doubt if physics has ever been a requirement for graduation in a Ohio public school.  (I suspect the graduation rate would have suffered substantially if it did.)<br/><br/>The problem here is not just fact checking.  The inattention to details is reflected in the language which is pedestrian, flat-footed and obtuse, often literally so.  A character thinks to himself that he hates to be the one that has to deliver bad news.  (Have you ever met anyone who likes to deliver bad news?)  Someone listens to a person walking back and forth in an upstairs room...sounding like a cat padding back and forth while it stalks its prey.  But cats are absolutely silent when they stalk their prey.  They certainly don't pound around loudly enough to be heard a floor away.  And they don't pad back and forth, they are generally goal directed.<br/><br/>And on and on and on.<br/><br/>I won't give away the ending-ending except to say that I found it about as believable as all those men at Radcliffe.<br/><br/>This was a painful book to get through.  There were a few nuggets of felicity towards the close but oh, the prose!  I believe that after this kind of mauling the English language has retired to some corner somewhere to sulk.  If we keep praising this kind of stuff, we will be left with nothing but clichés.
Indeed, lyrical and dramatic narrative in this book sounds like the music of the universe. The lovely and talented author Celeste Ng from the first pages of the book immerses the reader in theatre unrestrained life. Poor girl named Lydia is dead and it seems that the world has collapsed. But with her death begins touching and heart warming story about her family. Of course, the author created this novel with the help of its heart. At least I have no doubt. Each character is amazing portraits of people we used to see in life. This book teaches us understanding each other.  To be patient with each other and love. I recommend everyone to read this novel and then the real world will turn from grey to bright. Thank you very much!
As a voracious reader, it is so nice to come across that book that slows you down, touches you, makes you think. This was clearly my favorite book of Summer 2014. This story is both a mystery and more importantly, the story of a family in all of it's complexities, their behaviors of today so clearly reflective of their past stories and lives.While some might see it as a sad story, watching a family deconstruct, I saw it as hopeful, showing us that love is there all along and can be found midst even the greatest of pain. It was a perfect Sunday sit in my favorite chair and read a book from cover to cover story. Very well written and it captures you from the first page, I can't wait to see what this author next gives us!
Well written. It is a sad and very moving book. But at the end it does give you hope for the family.<br/>Book reflects the mistakes that are often made by parents when they truly want what is best for the children. Tragedy results in this book, because the members of the family could NOT honestly communicate, their hopes, fears, dreams with each other.  Book is also a sad commentary on what happens when parents force their hopes, dreams, and ambitions on their children .<br/>Book is a sad commentary on racial relations regarding even 2nd generation  Asian Americans in the 1960's.  It also addresses indirect or passive racism.
Excellent novel. The story is part mystery, of course, as the reader follows along as this family grieves and searches for answers after the death of their daughter. What I found more fascinating, however, was the intricate and complicated relationships among the members of the family. It's a clear portrait of their expectations of each other, love for their family, and sense of responsibility and how it can affect the family unit. It made me realize how our own baggage as a parent can impact and influence our children. I also have lost a daughter and I felt the portrayal of grief among the family members was very accurate.
Not one happy moment in the entire story. How does it happen that every character is so flawed and connot not grow emotionally.
This a novel that rises above anything that I have read this year.  It is perfect: not a scene or action by any of the characters feels out of place.  This is a painful but beautiful story about a family and the impact a husband and wife have on each other and their children.  Even with the best of intentions, as they seek to redress the perceived shortcomings in their own upbringing, so they inflict damage on each other and their children.  Yet, in the end the book is uplifting and rewarding in illustrating the redemption possible within a family.  This book was so strong I felt impelled to write my first review.
Not only did I love it, but every friend I told about it thanked me for the recommendation.  If I can read a book in 2 days without putting it down it means I really liked it. I love the way the characters were developed. This novel delves into the lives of the parents and children in this family and explores how their own flaws affect the family dynamics. These are people you really care about. My only disappointment is that the parents never find out exactly what happened to Lydia. The title applies to each character in the book and gives the reader much to think about. Highly recommended.
I thought this was an excellent book . Sad, definitely.  The characters were well developed.  The favoritism, and expectations parents can  put on their children can be appalling, even when it is well intentioned.  As for the insensitivity of people in general regarding those of a different race, or biracial, boggles the mind.  I hope we have come a long way regarding racism, but then I live in a very diverse part of the country, and am Caucasian so I'm hardly in a great position to judge.  But I do have a biracial granddaughter  - the most adorable child in the world!
Interesting read....focus was not so much on the unfortunate loss of the daughter but more of an examination of each of the family members, what makes them strong, and you get a great sense of their struggles in each of their roles in the family and the community, especially being a mixed race family in the 70s. The writer effectively conveys an empathy for all the characters as they face struggles amongst themselves and questioning decisions from the past, trying to find your own identity among assumed parent and child roles, and the impact of making assumptions.
An interesting premise in which racial prejudice plays a huge part. What makes this version more intriguing than most is the slow knowledge that some -- only some -- of the prejudice may be imagined by the protagonists. In other words, we're left to wonder what is real and what is paranoia. Everyone has secrets but this is a story that weaves misunderstandings and mistakes into a potent mix of half truths and untold histories leading to a tragedy so completely misunderstood that it nearly destroys a family. This is a compelling read. Well written, too.
Interesting and complex story of a multi-cultural family. The influences of each parent's upbringing affect the three children differently and tragically. The reader sympathizes with each child for the emotional damage each parent perpetuates. The time period in which the story takes place reflects the typical but different behavior each parent displays and how the reader now sees the transparency of the traumas and the predictable outcome of the story.<br/><br/>Although a sad story, an excellent one and highly recommended.
I married a Japanese man and I have an interracial child. She wrestles with her identity on a daily basis. It was interesting to see the western mom as the "dragon mama; bent totally on education for success in life", and how it focussed not on the first son but on the first daughter. In Japan there is a high rate of teen suicide based on family pressures and expectations to get high grades in school to guarantee job success. I connected to this book on many levels and I enjoyed the writing and the story.
A beautifully and sensitively written story that for many readers will seep into the crevices of painfully buried memories.  Anyone who has ever experienced  rejection, ridicule' or isolation caused by the bigotry of those who base their perceived superiority upon racial, ethnic, physical appearance or social status will understand and appreciate this skillfully constructed and emotionally compelling narrative.  Highly recommended reading for any audience.
So I always know I have really liked a book when it stays with me long after I have finished reading it.  I enjoyed the storyline very much, but the whole concept of never fully telling people who you are most close to the really deep feelings or worries or fears you have is quite an important concept.  And that these things we hold back influence our relationships and lives of ourselves, but others as well.  Something clearly to consider.  Great book.
The writing is beautiful and worth your time.  As a survivor of a family tragedy, losing my brother at a young age, I was able to feel the characters emotions, craze, and despair.  On a wholly separate note, Ng does an exceptional job of illustrating the middle class strife of placing parental hopes and desires, unfulfilled, in their children.  The ending was a lil too neat...would have enjoyed an epilogue with teeth, and more, much more from Hannah.
A good book, for me, is both revelatory and redemptive. This book is both.<br/><br/>It’s quite awful, horrifying, really, in the same way that We Need to Talk About Kevin was awful and horrifying to me as a parent. We want to think that we are trying our best as parents. We want to think that we aren’t going to make those terrible mistakes our own parents made with us. And we don’t; we simply make different ones.<br/><br/>A very powerful book.
Wow. I have not read a book this good in a long, long, time. So many significant themes in this book that are significant and that I can personally identify with. This book is written so artfully, it is utterly beautiful and thought-provoking. There is a mystery of sorts in this book, although I would not call it a mystery. It is absolutely beautiful, both in writing, and in the themes it touches upon. Truly one of the best books I have read.
A beautifully-written tragedy. The characters are well-defined and the storyline never drags. One of those books that you want to know "what happens next", and "how did it get to this point?". I'm pretty picky about what I read and my main criteria are intelligent writing without being pedantic, a rhythm I can get into, at least a few characters that I can like, and logical actions and events. This book hit all of those.
I loved this book.  It was so beautiful and thought provoking, I could not put it down and finished it in three days.  The story is intense, the personalities are all so wounded and it made me think hard about the importance of not imposing my own desires on my son… that it’s easy to forget just how much impact parents have on their children.  And, how hard they can try to please and forget themselves.  A sensitive beautiful portrayal.
Wow, ten stars.<br/>Not my usual cup of tea, but this is a powerful bulldozer of a book.  Frank and brutally honest, extremely well-written and interesting.  Five principal characters (two parents, three children) all clearly delineated and differentiated without a false note.  Author writes so well that the pages just flew by.  Can't wait to read her second book.  (I do think she must have had a tough childhood!)  Highly recommended
Celeste Ng is a gifted writer.  Her words paint pictures of real people suffering from interesting problems that many readers will relate to.  I was drawn into the lives of the five members of this family as if they were my own relatives.  The best part of the book is the excellent writing.  The word pictures are stunning and revealing of the character of the people whose lives unfold in this wonderful book.  Great read anytime.
This family is the same yet very different.... The intersection of race and the desires of women for more than the love of men and children, the reality of being gay before the world is ready, the reality that we can't know the effect of our longings on our children, the fact that with only love we can still be so wrong.... Reads real, and while sad, still hopeful....  Exceptional, unique, luminous with desire misdirected....
Very good read - putting all the puzzle pieces together kept you guessing until the end.  Then comes the "aha!" moment when you know what actually happened.  The only thing I questioned was the difficulty of the Chinese father and half Chinese children to fit in.  My daughter-in-law is full Chinese, and lived in Indiana and Florida for several years.  She and our granddaughters had no such difficulties fitting in.
I cried a lot when I read it. As a Chinese myself every character felt so familiar. Even though years have been passed, there are still some feelings, some thoughts that are imprinted in our daily life. I hope my mom can read this book and realize that it is not my fault not being a popular girl in school. .But I also hope she knew nothing but believed what I have been told her every day-- everything works well.
I rated this book with 2 stars because I reserve 1 star for books I do not finish reading.  The story compelled me to finish it. The characters were not particularly well-developed and what I did learn about them was that they were incredibly unlikable. The writing was, frankly, amateurish. Descriptive passages reminded me of Creative Writing 101. Guess I'm confused by all of the stellar reviews.
I thought this book was very sad. All of the characters were sad and unhappy without many redeeming qualities. I did finish the book, hoping the ending would provide some answers and restore some hope and happiness to the family, but in my opinion it didn't really do that. I appreciate that the book was well written and the characters did evoke some sympathy, but I didn't really enjoy this read.
This is a great story, beautifully written.  The story goes back and forth in time and tells the tale of a family's disintegration from different viewpoints.  The author slowly reveals what is seen is not always the truth.  From the first line of the story, "Lydia is dead," the reader is drawn into the mystery and subsequent family history.  A compelling story ripe for discussion.
This is one of the most beautifully written books I have read in a long time. And this from a first time author. I love the way her descriptions take you<br/>right there and you actually feel the elements. And you feel every ounce of pain of each of the characters. I kept thinking things were going to change for the family; I was actually holding my breath while reading. So very sad.
Very well written.  Story told from each member of the family.  How the early and ongoing pain impacts the rest of our lives.  No one sees Lydia or who she is,just for the dreams she represents to them.  They are all blinded by their own needs ... Only Hannah sees, and she should be more blinded than anyone!  The mystery is solved, but it is a personal mystery for each.  Fine book.
Author Ng provided a great description of cultural clashes and perceptions at a time when cultural issues were not identified by most. The underlying perceptions were sensitively portrayed and the characters were well developed. She did a great job interweaving cultural and family issues and dynamics. Difficult to believe this is her first novel.  Look forward to more from her.
This one took a little too long to get to the denouement for my taste, but I admit that I'm a more impatient reader than most. Still, it was an enjoyable and engaging examination of a mixed marriage and the children thereof back in the day. Best of all, I was surprised by the ending, and I'm rarely surprised by an ending. Ng got me, and I love to be gotten!  Good for her.
Ng's novel is a compelling telling of a family's weakness and its strengths, all brought to the forefront through the horrible experience of their daughter's death. Despite the subject matter, this is not a depressing book. We care about the characters, share their aspirations and understand their failures. This is a story that lingers long after the last page is turned.
I was expecting more from this book since it was on a number of 2014 best of lists, but it just never grabbed me. While the writing was lovely, I didn't particularly care for any of the characters, including Lydia, the girl whose death the story is based around. It just never grabbed me, and I was really hoping it would be one of those books that keeps me up at night!
Although the subject should have been depressing the actual story was not.  This book was an unusual insight into family dynamics that few authors explore. I really had tears at times, both sad and happy, while at other times I was cheering on the children. I do not recommend the book for anyone who has recently lost a loved one but for others its a good read.
The review said this would be a tear-jerker, thought it didn't quite do that for me. It did, however, make me think very deeply. It is definitely an emotional book, and is more about family dynamics than death. It was extremely well written and I highly recommend it. The characters were so real and the plot kept you guessing until the end. Great summer read!
I am Chinese American and I am a woman and a doctor.<br/>I am also from that generation.<br/>Many things I empathize with. Some differences. I hope the author is Hannah. And I hope writing this book provided healing. It relates on many levels besides the ethnic and cultural. I think many readers can understand how parents sometimes devour their children.
I will always wonder how the author wrote such a sad commentary on family life while still proclaiming (in her acknowledgements) how happy her own family makes her. This dichotomy makes me think she is either an amazing author or a great pretender. In any case, she has produced a novel that grips the heart. I look forward to weeping over her next book!
Extremely well written.  A lot of family history and background.  Reading other reviews that were not positive suggest that general public enjoys cheesy/mainstream books and do not appreciate quality writting.  The book is not fast paced however, you won't want to put it down.  Definitely one of the top books that I have read over the last few years.
what a great novel- not to mention a first one.  Very reminiscent of Anne Tyler's books and writings.  the characters were so well developed and her writing captures so many emotions from each person's perspective.  I'm on a quest to read 20 books within a year and this was my 14th and one of the best.  I look forward to more writing by Celeste Ng.
I found it quite sad that this family never talked to one another.  Even though they lived in the same house; very dysfunctional.  So much focus on one child.  How could anyone ever live up to these expectations plus please this mother so she wouldn't leave home again.  It was an okay read but kind of depressing.  I think the end will surprise you.
This story transcends a multitude of emotions to be felt as you are led through the life of a family of mixed races. To experience and capture the realities of their day to day lives. How they see themselves and how others view them. The death of Lydia starts the tilt of emotions that lead to a crumbling of a marriage and fragile family relationships. Lydia was a daughter who carried the dreams of her mother on her shoulders to fulfill what her mother couldn't or didn't accomplish to have a career instead of just being a wife and mother. Her missing piece she tries to recapture through her daughter. Lydia longs to escape the confines of her home and family. Hannah the baby of the family, never seems to fit into the family unit or get noticed by her parents who are too busy trying to mold her siblings into what they never were. Nathan the brother who carries repressed anger inside that he dares not let his family know but can't wait to escape the smothering confines that they share. Such are the inner workings of this troubled family full of hurt, loneliness, and silence that one day reaches a point of no return. Read this most touching story for yourself to see if there is still hope for this family to come together in their time of grief and loss and find a way to go on with a measure of acceptance and peace.
I am Japanese married to a Caucasian husband. It was quite eyeopening to read how Asians were treated in the mainland USA in the past.  I also couldn't stop thinking how important it is to treat others as you would like to be treated starting with your own family. It sure was a tragic novel to read but I couldn't keep my eyes off this book.
The book is one I found difficult to put down. The theme crosses so may concerns, bullying, prejudice, a family struggling to make marriage work, how parents can try to live their lives through their children.... So many things we all struggle with. I would encourage anyone who has ever felt that they have struggled to read this book.
The author definitely has a day with words, they flowed very easily and tugged me further into the story. I loved how she looked at the different generations to filly explain the actions of every character, each unapologetically human and broken. The ending was a bit abrupt but over all not a terrible one. Overall loved the book.
This book definitely did not meet my expectations. The characters lacked depth and did not engage me at all. In addition, some of the material did not ring true for the year 1977. There is some incongruity in the plot. In the backstory, Lydia discovers something about her father that hadn't happened until after her death. This kind of thing happened in several places.
The store awake parents who unintentional impose their dreams on their kids, leaving them in dramatic trauma, and destroying families. I love the characters in this book, each of them has his/her own problems and regardless of whether they expose or hide the problems, it hurts the people surrounding them and themselves as well.
This is a great story about families and how sometimes especially parents do and say things for their children that they feel is best for them but may actually be hurtful to the child and/or family. The author recognizes that all is done from a place of love and good intentions. Tragic story while very thoughtfully composed.
This sad story is very believable, common problems that happen in many families with the exception of a child's death; the characters become part of you. I was left hoping something good would come from such tragedy. I was hoping there would be some personal growth after so much suffering and trials. I was left wanting.
I could not put this book down.  I did not want it to end.  When I finished the book it took me days to get into another book as this one just haunted me.  The relationshhips between each character was so compelling.  I never reread a book as there are so  many on my wish list but this is one I just might do next year.
We read this as a book club read and found lots of areas to discuss.  This book keeps you interested and presents many of the problems multi cultural families face and the type of personality it takes to keep a family healthy mentally when dealing with ignorant, insensitive people out side the family as well as in.
I never thought I would be grateful for a cold. But without the cold, I would not have had the luxury of 2 days in bed, most of which was spent sleeping, but when awake, this book. I found it engaging, heart wrenching, relatable, sad... I am not surprised this is one of the best books of 2014. I savored every page.
This book was a wonderful surprise. I gave it a Five Star rating because every time I put it down I couldn't wait to get back to it.  Most families have struggles but this just pulses with the heart and soul of how and why we can never truly understand someone else's essence. And why we try so hard to do just that.
An extremely quick read, it started fast and does not stop until the finish. As I generally consider myself more of a literary snob, I do not find myself wanting to read this genre, but with that being said, this book captured and kept my attention throughout the novel.
Wow.  This book speaks volumes about relationships, communication, family and the breakdown of them all.  While reading you are able to see the smallest of fissures grow into canyons that separates people and communities.  It shows how powerful some secrets really are.
This book is frightening in a way.  Do we as parents only see what we want to see?  I  would say that pretty much sums up this book.  A good read, especially for parents  (the ways we can harm our children and have no idea we are doing so). This book was very telling.
I bought this book when Amazon called it the best book of the year. They got it right!<br/>This book could replace every psychology book I've ever had to read , except unlike the textbooks, this is a page turner until the very end.<br/>Thank you Celeste Ng!
This family is so disfunctional. I wanted to scream at the parents so many times.  Did not like the book.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because it would provide good conversation for a book club.  If you like feel good books, do not read this one!
Excellent story and writing.  I will not miss reading ANY subsequent books.  AND I think I am quite picky. My favorite for 2013 was "Tell The Wolves I'm Home". "Everything I Never Told You" is my favorite this year, hands down...thus far.
Very good writing but downer of a story. True depiction of the alienation from the family and others that some teens feel, as well as the inability of parents to understand their children due to<br/>absorption in their own needs and unfulfilled dreams.
This was a tough book to put down.  The family dysfunction was hard to take making the characters all very unlike able.  Still, it held my interest just to see what really happened.  I recommend this book with a cautionary word that it is depressing.
★★★½<br/>While reading this book, many others came to mind, primarily Reconstructing Amelia and Accidents of Marriage. But despite the initial similarities, Celeste Ng has created a story that is hers alone. This is her debut novel, and she is a name to keep an eye out for.<br/><br/>In Everything I Never Told You, readers are told up front what has happened to daughter/sister/student/friend: Lydia Lee, and Ms. Ng continues to present information as the story progresses. This isn't a gasp-intended mystery. The reader is not awaiting any big revelations. Why? Because the overall story is not about what happened to Lydia. We already know. It's about every small and big thing that eventually leads up to what happened. It's about a family of cruel strangers, dreams that become hopeless memories, and how suffocating expectations can be. It's about a family standing on a tightrope with a canyon underneath...and it is utterly hopeless.<br/><br/>Ms. Ng incorporates historical, cultural, and complex family elements in this work of fiction, and her writing is absolutely stunning. It really is a work of art...depressing art...but art nonetheless. Her style is the main reason I continued to read. The tone of Everything I Never Told You is heavy and sad, and I felt it even though I tried not to. Sweet Lydia is not the only one drowning in this story. The whole family cycles downward and it's painful. Ms. Ng has authored a strong book though. It forces readers to watch a family struggle in every way without any initial promise of hope, certainly prompting a personal reflection of one's own family. The reader must hope for these characters, and when you hope for others, it becomes easier to hope for yourself. It's worth the read.<br/><br/>My favorite quote:<br/>“Sometimes you almost forgot: that you didn't look like everyone else. In homeroom or at the drugstore or at the supermarket, you listened to morning announcements or dropped off a roll of film or picked up a carton of eggs and felt like just another someone in the crowd. Sometimes you didn't think about it at all. And then sometimes you noticed the girl across the aisle watching, the pharmacist watching, the checkout boy watching, and you saw yourself reflected in their stares: incongruous. Catching the eye like a hook. Every time you saw yourself from the outside, the way other people saw you, you remembered all over again.”
Yet another book that surprised me.<br/><br/>Honestly, I'm not a person who seeks out realistic and tragic stories, the kind that tug at your heart, like this one. I would not have picked this up were it not for the book club picking it and me not wanting to sit there not knowing what everyone else was talking about. Ah peer pressure. Anyhow, I found myself engrossed in this story. The tangled web of Lydia's family's past and present as several timelines work towards the moment that both begins and ends the book: Lydia's death.<br/><br/>The opening line sent shivers down my back. Wow. The initial few days afterward showing the family's confusion and hope. Then the revelation that dashes that hope. Just the beginning of the story. And then the author begins to reveal why we should care by taking careful backward leaps in time to explore each family member's past and how their experiences molded both them and their family and ultimately led, in part, to Lydia's untimely demise.<br/><br/>There were some amusing things about this book, but for the most part, each thread of the web linked to each other, and as the book progresses, it became clear why Lydia died. Why she had to die. A sad story, to say the least.<br/><br/>On the down side, this is one of those stories that hops around the timeline with abandon, jumping from perspective to perspective and giving the reader the story in snippets both long and short. I can see someone getting a bit lost in this timeline.<br/><br/>The copy I'm reviewing is an audio book, 8 CDs, 10 hours. Whew. Listened to this while driving to and from work. Overall, the quality of the narration seemed good. The narrator took on different voices for the various characters and stuck to them consistently, making it easy to recognize each one. Her voice is steady and smooth. One thing I didn't like, however, is how some words were oddly pronounced, like sweat (swat?) and barrette. The book translates well to audio, and this narrator did an excellent job keeping everything straight for the listener.<br/><br/>So, overall, I loved this story, though it broke my heart. I strongly recommend this to folks who like dramatic, tragic stories and also to folks who like stories set in the past (1930s-1980s). The quality of both writing and narration made this easy to enjoy, despite the sad context of the story itself.<br/><br/>I borrowed the review copy of this book from the library (audio format).
What secrets do the members of your family have? They can be dangerous, even deadly. This book highlights the importance of communication, acceptance, and understanding each person is different. These themes are crucial to each person in a relationship, in family dynamics, and society. These themes are interwoven into a story of a dysfunctional interracial family during the9150's-l970's. The plot highlights the difficulties each family member faces during this time period, and the parents who ultimately live vicariously through their middle and favorite child, Lydia with disastrous results.<br/><br/>Lydia is the middle child of James, her Chinese father and Marilyn, her Caucasian mother. Nathan is her older brother and Hannah is her younger sister. Marilyn, was an bright young woman who attended Radcliffe University and hoped to become a doctor. James, hoped to teach at Harvard University and be accepted. When they met and fell in love during the 1950's and marry, racism and discrimination block their dreams and Marilyn finds herself in the role of housewife and James accepts a less desirable position as a college professor in a small town in Ohio. Being the only bi-racial family in town, the family members find themselves isolated and without friends.<br/><br/>As their family grows, Marilyn and James find themselves living vicariously through their favorite middle daughter. Marilyn wants her to become the doctor she could never be, and James wants her to be social and popular. At the beginning of the book  sixteen year old Lydia is missing, and found dead in the local lake. The police believe it is suicide and the plot then unravels as each family member attempts to discover what really happened to Lydia as well as their own roles in the family, Family dynamics and secrets are slowly revealed. Lessons are learned. Eventually, after painful soul searching, each family member eventually learns to accept themselves and each other, their differences, and accept the truth behind Lydia's death.<br/><br/>This is an excellent story that all of us can identify with on some level. Single or teenage adults, parents, grandparents, or any family member can learn from this story. All of us have dreams and hopes, and at some point need to come to terms with failure as well as success. Book clubs will enjoy intelligent discussions and individual self awareness will be an added bonus. I highly recommend this book to everyone!
Surprisingly, this novel is called a literary thriller by some. A bit odd since we know from page one that Lydia is dead. I suppose the facts surrounding her death could make this a thriller, but I never considered it to be one.<br/><br/>When Lydia goes missing, her parents and siblings realize that they don’t really know who she hangs out with or what she does after school. She’s been leading a double-life in that what she portrays to her family, particularly her father, is a portrait of a popular, smart high school student when in fact she is not popular at all and not doing well in any of her classes.<br/><br/>This American-Asian family is trying to fit into a 1970’s small town Ohio neighborhood and their challenges are great. Of the three siblings, Lydia is the least Asian in appearance. Blonde with blue eyes but the rest of the kids get made fun of and although the father sees it, he chooses to ignore it thinking that what his kids need is a thicker skin, and to just work on being more popular. It’s a lot of pressure for them, especially Lydia which makes the reader question if her death is self-inflicted or something else.<br/><br/>What’s absolutely heartbreaking about this story is that even before Lydia’s death, this family had problems and her death seems to just bring them to the forefront. This family doesn’t communicate with one another. They don’t seem to fully understand or know what is going on in the family or if they do, they are in complete denial about it. There are a lot of missed opportunities to love one another, and that’s the real tragedy in this novel. And just when you want and hope for the parents to swoop in and be parents, they fail miserably and you are left shaking your head over it.It sounds so bleak and some of it is but there is some hope for a reader to cling to.<br/><br/>My book club discussed this and there was plenty to talk about. The topic of mixed marriage, ethnicity in general and the pressure for kids to perform were just a few things we discussed. Most of us felt that the author did a good job of going back and forth in time and sharing just a enough of each character’s perspective to get a feel for them without giving it all away. In that sense, there was an air of mystery to the story which made me want to turn the pages faster.<br/><br/>In summary, it was a pretty good read and gave us plenty to discuss.
I struggled with this book and at times was not sure I'd finish it. In the end, I did and came to respect the writer's achievement. This is a painful story of unfilled and misdirected hopes of the kind that are immensely common but can cause great harm, unintentionally, and that is Ng's great achievement: to take this common sort of misdirection -- a woman, the mother in the novel, subsumes her great desires and ambitions in order to achieve society's highest dream for her of being a good wife and mother, which is not what she wanted.<br/><br/>So she places enormous pressure on her oldest daughter to do what she couldn't but wanted very much to do -- be an academic superstar and go to medical school to become a doctor. Marion's battle with this (Marion is the mother) influences her children, especially this daughter, Lydia, in ways neither parent understands until much too late. To keep her parents' marriage together and to keep her mother present, Lydia herself makes a fateful decision as a 6-7 year old to be whatever her mother wants, and that comes to cause her great harm because she is unable to develop herself as she is, to know herself as she is or might be, and for her family to see and know her true self -- she simply can't and doesn't develop one.<br/><br/>This makes the Lydia character hard to relate to at times because you cannot connect with her as a person -- there isn't a person in her to connect with. Which is a very subtle excellent achievement on Ng's part, it makes the character both more "true" even while she is harder to relate to for some readers. So in drawing her this way, Ng really brings home how the parents' own repressions and misdirections can inadvertently and devastatingly affect the parents.<br/><br/>I found the husband/father, James, hard to relate to for some of the same reasons: an Asian-American man desperate to fit in, he represses his personality and almost hates his son for looking like him; James can't see him and love him because he can't do so for himself. The son, Nathan, or "Nath," is the best drawn character in the book and the easiest to relate to because he is most fully himself, in spite of all the repression around him. The only time the parents come alive is when they are young and in love with each other, before he wants her to be a conventional, suburban wife so they can fit in, before she gives up on her dream of medical school because to raise the children and stay with James. Their love for each other also comes through at the end -- in spite of their opposite natures, their love seems real, genuine.<br/><br/>All of the repression and misdirection made for an uncomfortable read at times, so painful is this story of fractured selves and a fractured family. But Ng's careful, nuanced portraits are also what makes the story "true." Very good book and excellent achievement for the writer.
In 1977 Cincinnati, Ohio the mixed race Lee family - composed of ethnically Chinese dad James, American mom Marilyn, and their children Nathan, Lydia, and Hannah - is unusual for the time period. In fact, James and the children are among the very few Orientals in the area, subjected to occasional teasing and stares from the local population. As the book opens sixteen-year-old Lydia is missing, soon to be found dead at the bottom of a lake. The remainder of the book goes back and forth in time, relating how James and Marilyn grew up, met, and married - and the devastating effect of Lydia's death on the family.<br/><br/>We soon learn that Lydia has sky-blue eyes like her mother and is the most 'caucasian--looking' of the Lee children. She is also the golden hope of her parents, for different reasons. James, who always felt like an outsider with no friends, would like his children to fit in and be popular. Apparently, he thinks Lydia has the best chance of accomplishing this goal. Marilyn, on the other hand, feels cheated out of her ambition of becoming a doctor and desperately wants Lydia to go to medical school.<br/><br/>For various reasons revealed in the book Lydia is determined to please her parents, especially her mom. On the surface, therefore, Lydia is the ideal child. As far as her parents know Lydia spends most of her time attending school, doing homework, and studying. And her few spare hours are apparently spent socializing with and phoning her girlfriends. In reality, though, Lydia is struggling in school, has no girlfriends, and hangs out with Jack - the local bad boy/teen heart-throb who lives down the street.<br/><br/>In the course of the story we learn that Lydia's brother Nathan, a bright boy who's interested in in outer space, has gotten into Harvard - the only school his dad finds acceptable. Even so, on the very day Nathan's college acceptance packet arrives he's shunted aside, as usual, because of his parents' concerns about Lydia. Little Hannah has it even worse. She's practically invisible to the family, who generally ignore her or push her away. The only time Hannah gets attention is when she swipes a trinket or book from her parents or siblings and they come looking for it.<br/><br/>Lydia's death shocks the Lee family, each of whom struggles to make sense of it. Nathan hates Lydia's elusive friend Jack, and practically accuses him of killing her. Marilyn spends most of her time in Lydia's room, grieving and searching for clues. Hannah knows more than she tells but not enough to solve the mystery. And James' despair drives him to act out in uncharacterstic ways. In the end - when the actions leading to Lydia's death are revealed - they make sense.<br/><br/>The characters in the story are generally well-drawn and realistic and I had sympathy for them despite (in some cases) some pretty bad behavior. On the other hand the actions of one character in particular were not believable (to me) and detracted from the story.<br/><br/>I feel like this book is a cautionary tale about what can happen when parents - with all good intentions - try to control their children's lives. Other readers, depending on their personal experiences, will probably see different lessons in the book.<br/><br/>My final assessment: this is an excellent book, well-written and highly recommended.
I had no grand plans to read Everything I Never Told You by Celeste Ng. At some point toward the end of last year I stumbled upon a review that said the book was worth reading and I immediately downloaded a copy to my Kindle. While I won’t tell you that the story changed my life, it’s one of the few books I’ve read lately that I literally didn’t want to put down and as such I finished it in two days.<br/><br/>I’m writing this review in advance of having my own baby, so as I was reading I couldn’t help but think of the implications when parents force their own unfulfilled dreams on their children. Well, not their children. Their “favorite” child. Children aim to please, as Lydia did, until something cracks and they realize that doing the things their parents were unable to do is a weight that no child should have to bear alone.<br/><br/>I felt genuine sympathy for every character in this book, and think it’s a testament to Celeste Ng’s deft writing style that all of the main characters were actually fleshed out quite well. Despite the fact that the book opens with the death of Lydia, we even get to know her as we piece together the events that lead to her death. What was also interesting, I thought, is that this book is less about the grief that the family dealt with in the wake of Lydia’s death, but more about the lives they all lead beforehand and whether or not her death will tear them apart as a family unit.<br/><br/>Overall I would give Everything I Never Told You 3.5 stars. I found the story really engrossing and I’m a fan of Ng’s writing style, though I’m not sure the book will stick with me all that long. That being said, I highly recommend picking this book up if you’re looking for a quick read. Personally, I’m already looking forward to Ng’s next book… whenever that may be!
Everything I Never Told You is the story of a mixed race family dealing with the sudden and mysterious death of the middle child, Lydia. I “read”, aka listened to, the audible version of this book. The narrator did a decent job reading the story, but still the main feeling I experienced at the end was relief—that the story was over. It’s not that I think this was a bad book; I just didn’t enjoy it.<br/><br/>The author has obviously devoted a lot of time and effort into crafting this story—every detail and word is carefully chosen. However, at times it felt a little too forced and overly constructed. The story was depressing from beginning to end. The first sentence of the book reads, “Lydia is dead.” This dark tone never lets up as the story weaves back and forth between the past and present, telling the story not only of Lydia’s death, but also the family’s troubled history, beginning with Marilyn and James’ own childhoods. Even the story of Marilyn and James meeting and falling in love is bittersweet and tinged with regret, since the reader knows Marilyn will never achieve her ambition of becoming a doctor and escaping her own mother’s Betty Crocker life.<br/><br/>Lydia is the middle child of a Chinese-American father and his blond-haired, blue-eyed wife. During this time period, this match definitely would have raised more than one eyebrow. Despite having two other children, both Marilyn and James Lee pinned all their unfulfilled dreams and ambitions on Lydia, a pressure that is bound for failure. Marilyn sees Lydia continuing on with her own dreams of medical school, dreams that were derailed by an unplanned pregnancy during her junior year of college. James, who never fit in with his peers as a child or adult, wants Lydia to be popular and have all the friends he never had himself. Nathan, the older brother, resents the attention given to Lydia while also seeing the unhappy girl underneath her parents’ dreams.<br/><br/>Everything I Never Told You is character-driven rather than plot-driven. Each character was well-developed, a result of Ng’s careful attention to detail. However, I didn’t much care for any of the characters, even the tragic Lydia. They just didn’t elicit any empathy in me as a reader. Too many of their troubles were brought on by their own actions and inability to communicate as a family, which is perhaps what Ng is trying to portray in this book: the dysfunctionally functioning family.
From its very first page, ﻿EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU utterly captivated me with its poetic, sparse prose and keen emotional insight. Each word feels carefully chosen to immerse the reader in the Lee family's household, which seems ordinary at first -- in spite of the dead girl no one has yet discovered -- but as the layers peel back, we learn things are far more complicated.<br/><br/>I was surprised, at first, at the narration of the story. Told in the third-person, EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU strolls casually through the thoughts of its five main characters -- parents James and Marilyn, and their children, Nath, Lydia, and Hannah -- sometimes sticking with one character for nearly an entire chapter, other times jumping from one to another to another all within the confines of a single scene. In addition to that, the narrative also darts back and forth through time, from James' and Marilyn's childhoods, college years, and courtship, up through their children's lives, all the way to and beyond Lydia's untimely death.  One might think this head-hopping and time-leaping would be disorienting or confusing, but it isn't. Ng juggles it all masterfully, so that instead of the story rolling out in a neat line, it unfolds like a flower, all at once and in every direction.<br/><br/>The characters themselves were an interesting puzzle. On the one hand, they almost felt less like people and more like concepts or symbols. Though I wouldn't say this is necessarily a book ﻿about ﻿racism, or feminism, or parental pressure, or adultery, or sibling rivalry --all those themes are present, and important, but as an undercurrent to the story, not the story itself -- there are times when it seemed as though a character was the embodiment of an issue, rather than the embodiment of a person. Normally, this would turn me off. I love a good plot, but I read for character. If the characters don't feel like real people to me, that doesn't usually bode well for the book.<br/><br/>However -- and this is a ﻿huge ﻿however -- in this particular case, I was all right that the characters felt a little more ambiguous, because the ﻿emotion ﻿was spot-on. While I'm not sure that James is a person one could ever know, the way he felt growing up as the only Chinese kid in an all-white school rang entirely true. I could feel my hands shake as Marilyn stepped into a physics classroom full of men, feel my stomach clench as Lydia's grades slipped and tumbled, feel my heart sink as Nath learned how mean children can be. I had to stop reading at one point because I needed to remind myself that the family's grief was not my own; at another, I put the book down so I could go into my sleeping daughters' room and hug them and tell them that they were loved, because the pain the parents in the book felt at not being able to tell Lydia those things left me no other choice.<br/><br/>For me, if a book can make me feel emotions that raw and sharp, it trumps absolutely everything else.<br/><br/>I also want to talk a bit about ethnicity, and how the fact that James is Chinese and his children are mixed-race works its way into the story. As the child of a Chinese father and a white mother, I was curious to see how that aspect of the book would be handled. And while the experiences of the Lees (particularly Nath and Lydia) were not and are not my experience -- partially because of the 1970s setting of the book, and partially because I was ﻿not ﻿the only not-white kid growing up -- they felt authentic to me, and I could relate to much of how they thought and acted and reacted. It's hard to put into words the sense of knowing you are different but not feeling different, of forgetting that sometimes people will look at you and see an ethnicity instead of a person. I am fortunate to have only felt this way sporadically throughout my life -- for some, as it is for James in the book, I know it is constant -- but EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU does an excellent job of conveying how those times felt, sometimes subtly, sometimes explicitly, as it is in life. Being Chinese -- or half-Chinese, or married to a Chinese man -- does not define the whole of who the Lees are, but is instead a thread woven through their being, informing every aspect of their lives, whether or not they are conscious of it.<br/><br/>As for the plot -- the mysterious circumstances surrounding Lydia's death, what led to them, and how the family reacts -- I found it simple, but never straightforward or boring. As in real life, there are multiple forces at play here, and though the plot itself isn't complex -- a girl dies, and her family tries to make sense of her death -- the real story here is in the nuance. It's impossible, after putting down the book, to cite any one reason or cause for Lydia's death. It's a culmination of her whole life, of her parent's lives, of her siblings' lives, and all the choices and hurts and slights and misunderstandings and pressures running through each. When we finally ﻿reached the night of Lydia's death in the narrative and everything was explained, it wasn't the "a-ha!" moment one typically expects in a mystery, but more a quiet, "of course." For really, this isn't a mystery about the death of a teenage girl, but a story about a family's complex relationships with each other. Not a line or an arc, but a web.<br/><br/>Ultimately, EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU is a beautifully crafted tale full of honest emotion and raw truth. Though it is quiet, the gorgeous prose and heart-wrenching story kept me riveted from the first page to the last, and will keep my thoughts spinning for some time to come.
“Lydia is dead. But they don’t know this yet . . . “<br/><br/>So I went into this book blind and after reading that first line I was all like this is a mystery type of thing a la Reconstructing Amelia. Totally wrong. This book legit bummed me out. It’s a sad read. Not like a cry your eyes out sad but like a dull feeling in your heart sad.<br/><br/>The current time for the story is the seventies, but we go back to the parents – Marilyn and James – lives when they met in the fifties. They are both struggling with being different. James because he is the only or one of the only Asian Americans in Harvard as a graduate student. This is something he dealt with his whole life. Marilyn, who grew up with a single mother  (which was super unheard of then), was taught to meet a nice man and be a good wife. Marilyn had other plans. She was motivated, super smart and worked her way into college to become a doctor. I liked that they both had this same feeling of being an outsider and different but for such different reasons. This is where they meet, fall in love and whoops! she’s pregnant. Doctor plans on hold.<br/><br/>“Everything she had dreamed for herself faded away, like fine mist on a breeze. She could not remember now why she thought it had all been possible.”<br/><br/>So James gets a job, they move, have two kids and lead a normal life. James loves this. They are normal – they fit in. It’s all he wants to do. Marilyn feels the opposite. She has fulfilled her mother’s dreams but not her own.<br/><br/>“Was she sad? Yes . She was sad. About the eggs. About everything.”<br/><br/>The time comes when Marilyn legit loses her damn mind. She ups and leaves to earn her degree. Now, I am all for her finishing her degree but she just straight up left her family.  She is getting towards the end of her degree when whoops! she is pregnant. Again.<br/><br/>She comes home.  Hannah joins big brother Nath and big sister Lydia. James is happy to have her back. But Marilyn changed. She no longer cooks – it’s all TV dinners and packaged foods. Also, she is super focused on Lydia. Lydia will be the one to be a doctor. To live out her mother’s dreams.<br/><br/>So Lydia became the focus. Not only with her mother but it seems her father too. With her mother, it was clear why. She was living vicariously through her daughter. And in an attempt to keep her mother from leaving again, Lydia played along. But with her father I wasn’t sure why. He didn’t seem to focus on Nath as much as Lydia in terms of fitting in and making friends. My only guess is Nath reminded him too much of himself so he avoided it. I’m not sure but it stood out to me. Poor Hannah was just plain ignored and forgotten. She was totally the kid that wasn’t meant to be had. I felt really bad for her. Her descriptions were always of her hiding under a table or huddled somewhere in her room.<br/><br/>Lydia was always able to connect with Nath on how she felt but towards the end that started to fall apart. He was going off to college (Harvard, to please his father) and I think all the attention on Lydia finally got to him. Now she was alone. She starts hanging out with the bad boy at school Jack. But honestly they don’t do anything to bad. Here we see he has other interests with her.<br/><br/>“The smile was too wide, too bright, cheery and white-toothed and fake.”<br/><br/>In the after, we see the whole family dealing with the loss of Lydia. They can’t imagine its suicide, which the death has been ruled and are convinced of foul play. But do they really know their daughter? I think this is what they really struggle with. Little tidbits here and there come to their attention to prove maybe they weren’t quite paying enough attention to who she was or what she felt.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this and think it was beautifully written. I really felt connected to how these characters felt and what motivated them. Again, it was really a sad story with a very broken family who couldn’t communicate. However, the ending was a bit confusing/rushed/something. I’m not sure exactly but I was a little disappointed in it. Overall, it was still a beautiful sad look at a broken family worth reading.
This was a novel that I saw advertised and wanted to read, but always ended up moving it down the list in favor of something else. I decided to try this in audio book format instead. I like to re-read books so I tend to prefer to "re-read" in audio format because I feel like if I listen to a novel I've never read I might miss something. This is only the 2nd novel that I've listened to without reading the book first and I'm glad I did.<br/><br/>Audio book listeners know that the narrator really makes or breaks the book from the get go. There are other novels that I've tried to listen to and just quit and read the book because I just could not get past the narration. I'm very happy to say this was not a problem with this book. The narrator is great. She handled the different characters and the text very well. Her inflection and emotion was appropriate for the subject matter and I really enjoyed this narration. I didn't have any trouble at all following what was going on.<br/><br/>This book is a debut novel about a Chinese-American family in the 70's. The catch is that not only is the family Chinese-American and dealing with the stereotypes associated with that but there is another challenge in that the parents are an inter-racial couple. The mother is the typical blond haired blue eyed Caucasian. So the three children of this couple struggle daily with the effort to "fit in".<br/><br/>There's another layer to this family dynamic because each of the parents also have their damage from their childhoods. They place some pretty high expectations on their children, especially their daughter Lydia. This story is about the struggles of this family when Lydia goes missing. They are not only trying to find her but they are trying to piece together the "how" and the "why". Each family member is fighting to make sense of Lydia's disappearance and to manage their feelings when they realize that everything on the surface is not what it seems. They have to dig down and reveal what's behind each of their masks. They need to ultimately decide how to handle not only the perceptions of their family from the outside but to accept what's really going on and stick together as a family.<br/><br/>It was a great novel and really makes you think about a lot of things. Being a parent is a delicate balancing act of encouraging your child and helping them grow while instilling in them good values. It's sometimes hard to separate a parent's dreams for their child from the reality of who their child ultimately becomes. This was really well written and thought provoking.
After the colon the title says: A Novel. But Everything I Never Told You reads more like a series of interwoven short stories about marginalizing and being marginalized, misunderstanding and being misunderstood.<br/><br/>The writing is spare, beautiful at times, distant when necessary, an outline coherent enough to invite the reader to imagine shades of motivation, to discover surprising disdain and empathy back to back.<br/><br/>The Lee family members and at least one neighbor  each remain two-dimensional on the surface, but in my mind they echo the depth of people I know. They each have a secret, a longing rooted in circumstance beyond his or her control, a tragic flaw, a relationship pressed to breaking. Each is contained in a shell that seems fragile on the inside but impenetrable to the other characters from without.<br/><br/>Touch or its absence becomes the metaphor of possibility for good or ill, a toe shyly nudging, the sticky mingled sweat on lovers' skin, a hand brushing aside another's hair, a necklace chain that leaves the mark of misplaced expectation, knuckles on teeth.<br/><br/>An underlying theme of transgression—margins and boundaries both imagined and self-imposed, various surfaces permeable or not, the surface of the lake, the earth's atmosphere, skin, projections of our own longings or expectations onto someone else who may not share them, even the prophylactic barrier of a condom or a police officer's paternalism—will make the postmodern reader smile a bit.<br/><br/>A satisfying story? Not fully. The ending is rushed. The characters remain partly caricatures. But I'm glad I read it. As a parent, I want my teenager to read it now so we can talk about it, much like we've done with books like Tim O'Brien's Things We Carried and others.
"Enjoyable" is a strange word used to describe reading this book, because there was little happiness or joy to be found, but it was still an interesting and sometimes compelling slice-of-life drama.<br/><br/>Everything I Never Told You is the story of the Lee family.  A family who merely orbit around each other, simply co-existing.  They are a mixed race family (Asian-American) whose story is told from the 1950's through around 1977.  This is a very character driven piece.  Not a whole lot happens in the way of plot.  There's no real mystery of suspense following the death of their middle child Lydia.  What you get is a family unraveling, problems that are not magnificent in scope, but could happen to any family out there.<br/><br/>So, since this a character driven book (and while none of the characters were particularly likable, they were believable), and I'm reading this for book club in over a month, I want to be able to refresh my memory, I'm going to comment on each character.<br/><br/>James Lee - Asian American patriarch of the family.  He struggles with wanting to belong yet never fitting in because of the color of his skin and his parents station in life.  He projects his need to fit in onto his children.<br/><br/>Marilyn Lee -  mother, white, extremely smart with great ambitions to defy the conventions of the time and become a doctor.  Her dreams become derailed when she gets married and pregnant, succumbing to the fear projected from her own mother - that a woman's worth is in the kitchen and basically as a submissive to her husband.  Marilyn runs out on the family for over 9 weeks with no notice.  This sets the precedence for her own children's feelings of inadequacy.  Marilyn never feels that being a wife and mother is enough.<br/><br/>Nath - oldest child.  He's extremely smart, but ignored by his family.  He seeks attention through excelling at school, but it's not enough.<br/><br/>Lydia - the book begins with her death.  Lydia is the child that all her parent's hopes and dreams hinged upon.  She was so afraid of making her mother unhappy and having her mother disappear again, that she never told her mother 'no', no matter how unhappy she herself became.  She'd fake phone calls from "friends" just so she'd live up to her parent's expectations.<br/><br/>Hannah - the youngest child, usually unnoticed by the family, but a great observer.<br/><br/>It's sad that their daughter had to die before the parents would realize what was important and how to love.  It's sad too to think that the parents will only be able to piece together only a few things about their daughter's life, that they'll never know the real girl.  But perhaps that is their penance.  The story does not end on a cliffhanger, I think things are fairly well resolved.  The reader knows exactly what happened to Lydia, though the characters never do.<br/><br/>I think that the character of Jack was completely underused, and his little "twist" at the end was a bit silly and unnecessary.  This book didn't really punch me in the gut emotionally, like I was expecting, and I think that's because of the writing style.  I felt that I was being held at arm's length, being told about their story instead of being shown it or being allowed to be consumed by it.  And sometimes the writing was a little to heavy handed, too many similes, for my taste.<br/><br/>But overall, I liked the story and would definitely read this author again.
What parent, with the best of intentions, has not attempted to set his or her child on the path to happiness and success in life. What parent has not then consciously or unconsciously pushed that child in a direction that will lead to the fulfillment of the parent's lost dream, not the child's dream at all. Everything I Never Told You gives us a portrait of such a family, where this universal behavior is carried to the extreme, with tragic consequences.<br/><br/>Here both the mother and father focus their attentions on the oldest daughter, Lydia, inexplicably virtually ignoring two other children. The mother wants Lydia to become a doctor, because her own medical school plans were interrupted by unplanned pregnancy; the father just wants Lydia to be popular, because he has never fit in socially. Because she wants her parents to be happy, poor Lydia feigns an interest in science and math to please her mother and pretends that she has many friends to please her father, while slowly realizing that she will never be able to meet her parents' expectations. Then the fragile structure of the family is shattered by Lydia's death by drowning.<br/><br/>This novel is sometimes almost unbearably depressing as the reader sees how oblivious the parents are to reality. Unfortunately, the author's attempt to salvage a tentatively happy ending is entirely unconvincing, particularly the mother's sudden epiphany and change in behavior. In real life, people do not alter life-long patterns so quickly and easily.<br/><br/>I was never entirely sure how the author intended the subtext of the parents' differing racial heritage (a Caucasian-American mother and an Asian-American father) to figure into the narrative. I don't believe she was pointing a finger at society for rejecting the Asian-American father, but was, instead, indicating the sense of otherness and alienation felt by a member of a minority group, regardless of the reactions of those around them.<br/><br/>This is a page-turner novel, a one-day or two-day read. The characters themselves seem very real, even when their actions seem illogical. It is emotional and instructive in equal measure, warning as it does of the perils of lack of communication and understanding within a family.
This is the story of 16y old Lydia, the middle child and eldest daughter of a mixed race Chinese-American family in the 1970s. But it is also the story of parents who try to live too much through their child, to force their dreams and desires on her without allowing her the freedom to follow her own dreams.<br/><br/>The story starts with Lydia missing from her bedroom one morning and we are told she is already dead. Her body is found a few days later at the bottom of the lake, but no one can recall anything that might have upset her before her disappearance. Gradually the author peels back the layers of Lydia's life, through her own accounts as well as through the eyes of her parents, older brother, Nathan and younger sister, Hannah.<br/><br/>Lydia's mother, Marilyn, blue eyed and blond had set her sights on becoming a doctor and certainly never planned on marrying young and having a family. But when James Lee stepped into her lecture room at Harvard she felt an instant attraction to the dark haired Chinese lecturer. James, educated as the only Chinese boy at a private school where his immigrant parents worked as janitor and cook, was flattered by her interest and not long after they were dating. Within a few months Nathan was on the way and the only solution in the 1960s was marriage, even though mixed race marriage was frowned upon and not even legal in some states. Telling herself she can go back to college later, James and Marilyn set up home in a small Ohio college town where James gets a teaching position and they are the only mixed race family in town.<br/><br/>Nathan, the oldest child turns out to be similar to his father in looks and although he is smart and has just been offered a place at Harvard, his parents ignore him focusing all their hopes on blue eyed Lydia. James wants her to have the popularity denied to him and Marilyn wants her to become a doctor, but neither of them really know her or what she wants or feels and both seem oblivious to the weight that their expectations are piling on her shoulders. Hannah, the youngest child is ignored by everyone,but often unseen hears much of what is going on and is the most sensitive to everyone's feelings. Without Lydia, the family falls apart and James and Marilyn must both reevaluate their marriage and relationships with their remaining children.<br/><br/>This is a very good debut novel. Celeste Ng's writing is beautiful and her characters all lovingly realised so that we almost feel we know them. She has an empathetic understanding of the complexities of family relationships and their dynamics and not only makes us feel what it is like to be the only non-Caucasians in a small American town in the 1970s but also what it is like to be a teenage girl who feels different and doesn't fit in.
Imagine the shock of calling your three children to breakfast one morning and learning that only two of them are in the house.  Next, imagine that you will never see that missing child again.  Let that sink in for a moment.<br/><br/>This is exactly what happens to James and Marilyn Lee at the beginning of Celeste Ng’s debut novel, Everything I Never Told You.  Shockingly, their daughter Lydia, a high-achieving high school student, has been snatched from their lives forever – and there is not a thing in the world they can do about it.<br/><br/>The Lees (James is Chinese-American and Marilyn is a blue-eyed blond) expect great academic achievements and impressive careers from all three of their children, but Lydia is the one they most directly, and most often, pressure to live up to those expectations.  Marilyn, in fact, because she is unhappy with the general course of her own life, rides her daughter particularly hard, even to spending hours each evening working with her on schoolwork.  Lydia’s father, on the other hand, works hard – often to the point of overdoing it – to ensure that his daughter’s high school years are not as friendless as his own were.<br/><br/>Everything I Never Told You is, at first glance, a mystery about the disappearance of a teen-aged girl - and it is that.  But it is so much more.  Ng’s novel is a detailed portrayal of a mixed-race family dealing with the difficulties faced by mix-raced children across the country in the 1960s.  Because the family is an ambitious one, the Lees own a home in the best neighborhood they can possibly afford.  All well and good, but that choice all but ensures that the Lee children will be the only “Chinese” students in their schools, and that they will be made to feel different every day of their lives.<br/><br/>James and Marilyn only partially sense what their children are going through, the social isolation and subtle prejudice they are silently enduring.  They sincerely believe that they understand their children, but they fail to see that their only son, a brilliant high school senior, resents that the family’s attention focuses so exclusively on Lydia.  They equally fail to see that Lydia is sick of that very attention, or that Hannah, the youngest child, is being allowed to live in the background almost as if she were not even there.<br/><br/>The Lee children say and do all of the right things, the things their parents expect, but Marilyn and James will come to regret “everything their children never told them.”  But by then it will be too late – for all of them.<br/><br/>Bottom Line:  This is a very fine debut novel that gives the reader a lot to think about.
"Lydia is dead. But they don’t know this yet." is how this story begins.  As the Lee family sits together for breakfast mother, Marilyn, father, James, oldest child and brother Nathan, and youngest child, Hannah, Lydia is absent, but they expect Lydia to be down any minute. When she doesn't join them, they discover her bed has not been slept in and Lydia isn't around.  It isn't until two days later that her body is discovered in a nearby lake. So what happened to sixteen year-old Lydia and why?<br/><br/>The year is 1977 and the Lee's live in a college town in Ohio. The father, James is a Chinese American and teaches History at the college in town, and his wife, Marilyn is a white stay at home mom. Lydia and her siblings are the only children in their school of Chinese descent, and have been the subject of taunts and slanted-eye gestures from some unkind classmates over the years.  Both parents have different wants for their daughter Lydia, andthey pressure her in different ways to become what they what their daughter to be. Brother Nathan will be heading off to Harvard in the fall, and he believes a neighbor may have been involved in Lydia's disappearance and drowning.<br/><br/>The story is told in the third person, and from that we learn a great deal about the family background, a short separation of the parents, and the way the children handled that. And, although this story is certainly part mystery (what happened to Lydia -- murder, suicide or accidental drowning), it is much more a story about the Lee family dynamics and how that impacted not just Lydia, but the other two children as well. What happens when parents try to see their unrealized dreams materialize through their offspring?<br/><br/>The audio version was read by Cassandra Campbell and so well done.  This is an impressive debut novel that will appeal to readers who enjoy well written stories about family dysfunction, while mystery fans might be a little disappointed.<br/><br/>4.5/5 stars
This novel begins with the stark words that Lydia Lee is already dead. From this we are drawn skilfully into the lives of Marilyn and their three children: Lydia - frustrated, struggling and insecure; Nath - overshadowed and desperate to escape; and poor, unwanted, ignored Hannah who craves attention and whose silent presence hides a deep knowledge and understanding of the dynamics at work in this troubled family.<br/>James is Chinese, Marilyn American. They marry at a time when such things were rare and controversial. Marilyn, stifled by a mother who fails to see the promise in her daughter, strives to succeed, to make a career and a life for herself. Then she marries James and her dreams are buried. She lives vicariously through Lydia, in who see sees the fulfilment of her own frustrated ambitions. But Lydia is hiding her true feelings; they seethe away inside and eventually lead her on a path that brings tragedy to everyone.<br/>This is beautifully written and engaging. It isn’t a mystery or a crime thriller, but rather a deep and intriguing look at the dynamics of family and society and at how our expectations, our love and hope for our children can have consequences we never wished for.<br/>The characters are well-developed and complex. Marilyn and James mess things up, make the wrong decisions for what they think are the right reasons, and, despite their best intentions, manage to completely misunderstand all three of their children. In short, they are human.<br/>My only criticism is that I felt many aspects of this novel could have been developed further. There was more to be discovered in both Marilyn’s and James’ backgrounds. I also wanted to know more about Lydia - how things were at school for example. And more could have been made of Marilyn’s struggle to be recognised as more than ‘just’ a mother and a wife, and of her frustrations at the way her life has turned out.<br/>Aside from that though, this is a great read and an impressive debut novel.
It is very rare that I give a read a five star rating. I have a high list of literary criteria that a book must meet before I consider this. First, the point has to be solid. There must be a story within the story. History must be included or considered in the craft to be considered complex enough for me to consider this art. There must be an emotive quality or drive both for the protagonist and characters and for the "audience". Culture richness in this world is something easily avoided in books and movies but I find when this is the case, something serious is lacking. Even if the book is fantasy, culture should exist as well as a semblance of belief, even if that belief is science. There must be believable tension. It must benefit the reader in some way. It must show perspective, contour lines AND negative space. The book should carry a level of insight. Which brings me to metaphor and irony. These are the most important. A good voice for each character/narrator and an understanding of how that voice will be understood by the reader. Vivid, clear images that stay in a person's mind. I would rather read a good book than watch a movie because the pictures are better. I should be able to say this at the end of any decent written work. Characters must have complexity and depth. Extensive research must show. We do nothing great alone including invention. Every part of any work of art carries with it some element of influence. New ideas can be built from that influence and in my mind become the very definition of art when this is achieved. The editing must be done professionally, but not necessarily by a professional and I couldn't care less where you publish. My list is much longer but this will give you some idea of what I look for in a book. Having personally lost someone in my immediate family and having that death permanently destroy the family's structure even twenty years later, I can tell Celeste Ng, has done her homework in one way or another. This book exceeds above and beyond all of my expectations and I highly recommend it. Even a realistic take on human psychology is considered in this book and I have compared it to works such as, "As I Lay Dying," by William Faulkner, where in the midst of poverty (any kind of poverty such as physical OR emotional needs) people become Islands even in a crowd. This is the reality of competing for resources. Ng points out both the love and the damage that can unfold in the midst of communication absence and emotional neglect or emotional poverty. These two chaotic events existing under one roof can only result in both pain and enlightenment. The only negative thing I have to say about this book is, there is a typo in the last chapter - a "he," where there should be a "she". It's minor, but jarring for the reader. It pulls us out of the story. It's important to double check the work of editors. Regardless, I would be honored to read anything this writer has to offer. I would probably even resort to reading her calendar if the opportunity presented itself, just for fear of missing any element of the Muse. THIS book is timeless.
This is a memorable and haunting story about obsession and how parents can ruin their children's lives despite good intentions. There are five characters and all of them have voices in this story. It's rare that a book can tell a story from that many perspectives and not get too confused or awkward. The two parents, Marilyn and James Lee are obsessed with very different goals for their children.<br/><br/>Marilyn wants her favorite daughter Lydia to be a doctor. James wants his children to have what he didn't and couldn't have: an All American upbringing.<br/><br/>Though it was hard at first to identify and feel sympathy for the parents, when Ng presented their histories one was able to see that they were the products of terrible social injustices. Marilyn grew up in the South to a mother who had only wanted her to become a good wife. Marilyn deeply resented those values and disparaged the women of her era who accepted them without question like her mother. She was going to be a doctor and she didn't give a damn who thought it was silly.<br/><br/>James was the son of poor Chinese immigrants who had suffered terrible isolation and racism as a child in an all white, upper- middle class high school. He deeply wanted to be accepted.<br/><br/>The two met at Harvard when James was a graduate student teaching an intro to cowboy history class (the irony here is a little too obvious). Marilyn was singularly attracted to James presumably because he was as externally different as she felt on the inside. They hit it off and soon she was pregnant. Of course this was the late fifties and there was no choice but to get married and settle for family life. But she kept her dream of becoming a doctor alive and when her two children got older she tried to rekindle that dream only to have it crash down again (due to an unplanned pregnancy).<br/><br/>So she devoted all her energy to raising the favorite daughter Lydia into becoming a great scientist or doctor. But Lydia would secretly resent her mother's vicarious wishes. Lydia never said "no" to her parents despite all of the pressure they put on them to be a great student (by Marilyn) and to be well-liked (by James).  She was terrified of their disapproval because it had meant so much to them. She felt they'd be crushed if she didn't embrace them.<br/><br/>It's rather skillful how Ng was able to write in a way that allowed people to see the genesis of the parents' motivations which would eventually lead to tragedy. It's also skillful how rich and intricate the story is.<br/><br/>We want to know how Lydia died and it was a surprise to me how she died. I'm usually really good at guessing but the ending did take a different route than I had anticipated. Also many social issues are tackled with grace and poignancy. There are so many well-written and believable scenes: from the terror and anger that James felt as he was bullied or isolated to the humiliation and resentment Lydia experienced at the signs of her father's infidelity most of the book is quite effective at evoking the desired response. It's a good sometimes quite poetic book with lots of memorable scenes and flawed but interesting individuals. It's also a sad book (I know, big shock) but the parents also partially redeem themselves in the end which made this book less depressing than it was for most of it.
This book is every mother's nightmare.... The first sentence announces that Lydia is dead.... The second oldest child of three in an interracial family (dad is Chinese and mom is American White). The story weaves a clear picture of a family who is drowning in lies and mis-communications. Whose entire foundation is based on what isn't said instead of what should be said. There are so many emotional issues that come to light that my heart began to hurt of them. I kept wanting to yell at them - just to realize they were characters in a book. Celeste Ng painted her characters, imagery, scenes, feelings, emotions, complexities, and story line with such clarity that I forgot, at times, that it wasn't real. Ms. Ng has a talent for incredible writing and extreme emotion just oozing from the written page. Every word had meaning and every sentence brought me deeper and deeper into the emotional state of each character.<br/><br/>This is one of just a few books that I actually listened to via Audible. I wasn't sure whether I would like the book being read to me as I prefer to read my own. However, the narrator was exceptional and clear, and, combined with the amazing prose that Ms. Ng put together for her readers, the book was amazing.<br/><br/>As I mentioned, this book is every mother's nightmare.... As a mom, reading/listening to this story was heart wrenching. No mother wants to see her child die - from this perspective it was a real difficult read. However, you can view this book as an example of What NOT to do with your kids and how you can listen to your children better to ensure their happiness and well being.<br/><br/>Overall, I definitely recommend this book to anyone who has the heart and stomach for such a difficult subject matter. An amazing story and incredibly well written.
This book is filled with sadness, with longing for love, of what might have been, what could have been or should have been.  I heartily disliked Marilyn and James Lee who favor Lydia, their middle child, while they ignore oldest child, Nath, and youngest child, Hannah.  These parents treat these two as if they don't matter.  As the book continues, I kind of begin to see their way of looking at life, somewhat.<br/><br/>James and Marilyn meet at college, both excellent, dedicated students.  Marilyn has her heart set on being a doctor.  She and James have an affair, James is so different than any man she has ever met.  She becomes pregnant, so the two marry.  Son, Nath, is born.  Marilyn didn't want to be a doctor bad enough or she wouldn't have let this happen.  But she loves James, she would have married him no matter what.  Her divorced mother disowns her.  Doris says her marriage to an Oriental isn't right.  But for many years, Marilyn looks at women doctors and remembers that could have been her.<br/><br/>James, a Chinese born in the United States, goes to a school in Iowa, the only Chinese student.  His parents work at the school, his father a handiman, his mother a cook.  He always felt out of place, never fitting in, being ashamed of his heritage.  The children, Nath and Hannah look Chinese.  Lydia has her father's black hair, but her mother's blue eyes.  She looks very much like her mother, very Caucausion.  James wants his daughter to be popular, for her peers to like her.  He tells her continually to smile, to speak nicely to people, tells her ways to make others like and approve of her.  James is never popular, well liked.  He is a history professor in a small town college in Ohio, has tried to get a professor's job at a major university.  He feels he is discriminated against because he is an Oriental.  Marilyn has never cared about being popular and well liked.  After Lydia's death, he has an affair with a young woman, Louisa Chen, his teaching assistant.  This is the kind of woman he should have married he thinks.<br/><br/>Lydia's mother wants her to be the doctor she never was, is buying her books about medicine, enrolling her in science classes, taking her to science fairs, pushing her towards medicine.  Lydia loves her mother, hates to disappoint her mom, fears her mother will run away, will desert the family.<br/><br/>Lydia turns sixteen and is tired of having to be somebody she is not and doesn't want to be.<br/><br/>This this book is about another dysfunctional family and is filled with pain, with characters who want to love each other, especially Hannah, but don't know how to let others know.  James feels inferior because he is Chinese.<br/><br/>The book begins in the 50's with parents in school, continues until 1977.  Have things changed since then?  Let's hope so.  The writing is sharp, good, detailed, beautiful writing.
I received this book on New Years Eve as a holiday gift. From the moment I tore open the package and laid my eyes on the cover, I knew I would be in for quite a ride. Passionate yet heart-breaking, Everything I Never Told You is written about a not-so-typical family living in America in the 1970s. (The father is Asian-American and the mother is Caucasian). Lydia, the middle child, is the main character of the book, despite the fact that she was found dead at the beginning of the book. The majority of the novel involves the befuddled and mortified family members trying to figure out the cause of their beloved Lydia's death. Nothing is the same without Lydia. The familiar harmony that was once present in the family no longer exists and the parents' marriage is slowly shattering into pieces. Lydia's family struggles to pull themselves together, but it's nearly impossible to do that when they've lost the one that held them together in the first place.<br/><br/>Over time, Lydia's family finds out more about her life that they never came close to realizing when she was still alive. Although it would be impossible for the family to find out everything she never told them, each clue that they discover unlocks a new room of Lydia's secrets and each moment of revelation helps to pave the way to finally understanding Lydia on a deeper level.<br/><br/>This novel is simply phenomenal and I strongly recommend people of all ages and backgrounds to read it. The descriptions that Celeste Ng incorporate into the story helps the reader paint a mental picture of what it would have felt like to be in each scene of the book. I enjoyed the overall bitter-sweet tone throughout the novel because it demonstrated reality; it was incredibly genuine. It is almost impossible to believe that this was the first novel she ever wrote, because she truly connects to the reader's heart with each sentence of the story.
While there were other novels this year that I believe were better, Celeste Ng's "Everything I Never Told You" is near the top of the list.  What amazed me is that this was her debut novel.  The precision and economy her prose multitude of themes she tackles with what seems to be such ease (as a reader) is not something that you see often in a first time novelist.  In many ways, this elevates this novel in terms of any best of 2014 books.  If you want a feel good novel, this is not for you.<br/><br/>The story centers on a mixed race family (Chinese American father and Caucasian mother) of three children in Ohio in the 1970s.  The first sentence announces the tragedy at the center of the novel, "Lydia is dead", the middle child and oldest daughter of Marilyn and James Lee.  On the surface, the story is about how the family copes with the tragedy and seeks answers.  But it is so much deeper than that.  It is also about race and prejudice, unfulfilled dreams, unwanted expectations and much more.  Ng beautifully unleashes and weaves all of these together as a result of Lydia's death so fluidly.  For me, the most provocative aspect of the novel was how she manages to convey the destructiveness of feelings and emotions restrained and hidden beneath the surface within a family.  Unspoken thoughts and feelings sow the seeds for how the characters cope with the tragedy and ultimately grow farther apart rather than closer together as a result of the tragedy.  Ng is masterful at enabling the reader to deeply know all five of the Lees (James, Marilyn, Nathan, Lydia and Hannah).  We understand how in "happier" times this verbal and emotional restraint didn't too negatively impact the family but the way it devastates the Lee's after tragedy strikes.<br/><br/>This is definitely a top 10 book of the year and one of the best recent debut novels I've read.  I highly recommend adding this to your queue if you haven't yet.
Literature has always told us about families – families in other times, families in different cultures and, of course, modern families. Contemporary family dynamics described without the advantage of historical perspective; described with the immediacy of right now, are often especially personal and easy to relate to. Any of these families could, presumably, resemble ours.<br/><br/>Authors do not usually go on about the pleasures of families or describe perfectly functional families because the first would quickly bore us all and we doubt that a fully functional family exists. We expect to experience flaws in any human relationship and we read a great family story to see how a family’s dysfunction will affect the various members of the family, and more specifically a main character who is, more often, the focus of our interest.<br/><br/>Celeste Ng in Everything I Never Told You presents us with Lydia and her family – a family with mixed ethnic origins, in this case one Chinese American partner (the Dad) and one white American partner (the Mom). While it is true that such a pairing would hardly make us blink in 2014 that was not the case when James and Marilyn married to become the Lees who produced Lydia, Nathan and Hannah.<br/><br/>Although the parents would blame the society’s disapproval for the tragedy they subsequently experience, we, the readers, can see other factors afoot in the family which could have contributed to the outcome. Mrs. Lee wanted to study medicine and gave up her goals after the marriage, for example. How does this affect the family? The reader gets to sift through a number of factors which could have lead to the tragedy the Lees experience and this sifting represents a fair summary of things that can go wrong inside and outside of families. How much did the interethnic nature of the Lees marriage enter into their loss?<br/><br/>Although prejudice is a minor theme in this book James Lee hardly seems very Asian, except genetically, yet some people do have a negative reaction to this pairing and the children are taunted by other children. How much of a role does societal pressure play in the lives of these family members? How much of a role does lack of communication play? What happens when families fail to speak intimately with each other, when unspoken motives and conclusions pile up, when family members make assumptions about how the other members of the family feel or what they want?<br/><br/>As in The Lovely Bones the character involved in the tragedy that is at the heart of this book comes back to tell the reader what happened. However, the Lee family does not ever find out what we, as readers, do. Each family member is left to interpret events in his/her own way with all the attendant effects on their lives as they go forward. Their demons are filtered through their own perceptions and will affect each of their lives differently. What affects will these demons have on their lives?
What a perfect book!  I am surprised that it is not rated closer to a "5".  The prose is just excellent cover to cover.  The characters are very well drawn, each with their own sets of issues, needs, worries.  "Everything I never Told You" (E) will resonate with readers in many different ways.  Some will find it uplifting, others angry.  I found it incredibly sad.  For me it is about the survival of a family after finally facing many difficult truths, but at a horrible price.  There will always be a dark shadow attached to James, Marilyn, Nath, and Hannah.  But they will go on, and be better people for the tragedy they share.<br/><br/>Much is made of the mid-1950's marriage of Marilyn and James, the physical appearance of their "mixed" children, the Chinese James' difficulties with fitting in, the objections of Marilyn's mother to the marriage.  And all of that is true to life for that time.  But what is equally tragic is Marilyn's inability to pursue her dreams of becoming a doctor.  Ng suggests Marilyn bears responsibility for her failure.  After all, Marilyn's neighbor is a (lady) doctor, as is the doctor who teats her in the emergency room. Not an easy career choice for a woman in the '50s, but Ng seems to say that it's not impossible.  I was a bit uncomfortable with that.  But it reinforces one of the strengths of Ng's writing - the story begins in the mid-1950's and these issues (mixed marriage, women's career opportunities) were much different then than today.  So a significant part of "E" also reminds us of where we as a nation are coming from.<br/><br/>One last point about Ng's writing - I am often critical of flashbacks, particularly when there are many interspersed within the timeline of the present story.  However, they not only work within "E", but the book simply would not work without them.  It is one of the many flashbacks, about midway in the story, that struck me with such force as to leave me virtually breathless.<br/><br/>I rarely become as emotionally involved in a story as I did with "E".  I recommend it highly.
This is my first audio book, and I found myself liking it a bit too much.  Perhaps it was her soothing voice, perhaps it was just being read to again but I found myself falling asleep a few times.  I told myself I was not going to multitask while listening because I knew I might find myself not listening/paying attention and I really wanted the full experience. That being said, I am hooked!<br/>Listening to a book on tape is so different from reading the text myself, as I felt the reader threw her own emotions out there for me as she read.  I felt either I could validate them myself or go against them.  When she spoke, I was either going to feel the same emotions or not, did I feel the hostility/adoration among the characters in the same manner as she did?  It was so interesting to sit back and think about this as she read to me.  I never really thought about this before, but what a huge influence this reader was having on others.  I applied this thought to when I read to others; when I raise and lower the pitch of my voice, emphasizing and drawing out words,  I am actually influencing them more than I thought.  I guess I should stop and ask them if they feel the same emotion, it just might be an eye-opener.<br/>So why did Lydia go out into the lake by herself?  To take a rowboat out at night, into the lake where her body would breathe its last breath, just didn’t make any sense to anyone who knew Lydia.  This heartbreaking event crushes her family, leaving her parents searching for answers.  Beginning the book with this tragic event, I have just read what happens towards the end of the book.  The author quickly turns back time so we can get a true picture of the whole family before the event occurred.  Starting before their mixed marriage, we discover the issues the parents had before tying the knot.  Mother had high hopes for her life, a professional career, which was the furthest thing from her mother’s mind.  Love got in the way though and then life got busy.  I liked the pacing of the book, as time moves quickly yet it slows when the important things in life occurred within the family.  Every member of the family is highlighted, all their lives are important as we observe The Lee family.  For somewhere within this household lies the clues that lead Lydia to take the boat out that evening, the evening that added another chapter to The Lee household.<br/>Thank you Ford Audiobook Club for the book.
To be honest, I can't say that I really "enjoyed" this book.  The story line is very sad, and your heart breaks for all of the story's characters.  However, it IS a beautifully written book.  High quality writing, extremely well developed characters, and there is no doubt you will want to keep reading until the end to try and separate all of the "strings" in the novel's complex family.  The strength of this book is the author's understanding of family psychology and cross-cultural nuance.  The novel is largely about how the "sins of the mother/father" (not so much sins, but the histories, strengths and weaknesses of the parents) come to "roost" in their children.  James, first generation Chinese American, is the father of the family in the book, who faced widespread prejudice and ignorance while growing up, leaving him lonely and wanting to fit in above all else.  Marilyn, the mother, was raised a white American, blond and beautiful and brilliant, in a time when being a good wife was the highest compliment; she was different in that she wanted MORE.  She wanted to be different, to be a standout, a female doctor who was, above else, successful.  In college, however, she meets James, falls in love, gets unexpectedly pregnant and, so, over time, becomes everything she did want to be (a housewife).  The two parents' desires for their kids, therefore, contrast, burying their children with the parents' hopes.<br/><br/>The book is a great "teaching lesson" in the danger of not allowing one's children to thrive on their own strengths//weaknesses.  To see them as individuals with their own dreams, rather than to try and have them relive the parents' childhoods (both reliving good times, or avoiding the mistakes the parents made).  It could be, for example, a parent loved their past history, and they want their children to equally love their own, so that they try and re-create the same path (i.e. a parent loved school, college and their professional career, so that they might not see that the same path might not be appropriate for their, say, artistic child or athletic child).  Or, as shown in this story, the parent was an unhappy child and/or adult, so that they want their children to make different choices.  This book does a beautiful job showing how such well-meaning efforts can bury a child, rather than allowing that child the freedom to his/her own path based on his/her own desires, talents and fears.<br/><br/>The novel also shows how, based on parental expectations, children with siblings can take on unique family roles (i.e. the favorite, the smart one, the rebel, the quiet/unseen one, etc.), where the role one plays in the family can drastically impact sibling relationships, and children's relationships with each parent.<br/><br/>On an aside, the novel includes fascinating insight into what it must have been like for earlier generation Chinese and the prejudice that they faced, as well as fascinating immigration history (i.e. paper families).  It's hard to imagine the widespread ignorance that must have existed before people even had ACCESS to images/knowledge of non-white communities (i.e. people had never even seen Asians on tv, so were unfamiliar with their physical traits).  Prejudice and hate/fear of the "different" is bad enough for minority communities today, it's hard to imagine it even worse in previous time periods.  This book gives a good window into that experience, without belaboring the topic.<br/><br/>The book is an honest, very realistic look at a family, and the ways in which a family begins, develops over time, and ways in which a family can save, or break, its individual members.  I highly recommend it.  But you might want to follow it up with a good "summer read" book (i.e something mindless and comforting).  As a parent, I'm going to take it as a good, constant reminder to not confuse my own hopes/aspirations/past unhappiness as having to be the same as my children, who will have their own, distinct paths with different beginnings/arcs and endings.
Oh the secrets, the denial, the longing for love and acceptance that spans generations in this book.<br/><br/>The writing is eloquent and flowed with beautiful descriptions and figurative language. To Ng's credit, her style was such that it kept me interested, and when I did have to put it aside, I was anxiously awaiting the next chance to read/listen to it again.<br/><br/>The premise of the story is unclear if you don't read the jacket. The opening line tells us that Lydia Lee is dead, but no one yet knows it. A mystery? Yes, but by the end of the book, knowing the details of how Lydia died are really secondary to the back stories -- and the way back stories - of the characters. The story leaps from decade to decade, which sometimes caused confusion for me, as did the telling of the story from multiple perspectives. (though admittedly, I liked knowing exactly what the characters were thinking and feeling). For some, this might be too much information, as the reader really doesn't have to interpret much; however, there is much to ponder: what it means to be different, how parents shape their children's lives, sexism, racism. . .<br/><br/>Though I liked the ambitions and dreams of the young Marilyn and James, our main characters, I really didn't like the adults they became. I had little respect for Marilyn, whose selfishness and projections really hurt and mentally affected the other people in her life. Of course, I sympathized with her situations, but I could not dismiss that it was her own choices that put her in those situations. James disappointed me because by sharing his own life experiences, he could have helped his children overcome the same obstacles. Also disappointing was in how James found solace after Lydia's death; it didn't really fit what we knew of his personality. The discrimination and isolation both Marilyn and James experienced was painful, but it was not an excuse for the emotional (sometimes physical) agony which their children endured -- agony that could have been assuaged by the gentle touch, kindness, or encouragement two parents never gave to their children.<br/><br/>And those poor children -- Ng really tugs at the readers' heartstrings with the rawness, anger, and hopelessness these kids feel, when they desperately love their parents and want nothing more than acceptance and security, neither of which is given. Possibly Ng's best written character is the youngest child, Hannah, who is so perceptive and exceptional and patient, but completely ignored.<br/><br/>There was an additional subplot thrown in towards the end that really could have enriched the story; however, readers were given too little information, too fast, and the writing was too vague for it to boost the plot. The ending was satisfactory, but be prepared to be left with some questions and without some clarifications that would have taken it to the next level.<br/><br/>Thank you to Penguin for providing me a free eBook and also to Ford Audio Book Club for a free audio copy in exchange for my honest review -- the only kind I give. It was nice to have both formats so I didn't have to break from the book much - spoiled rotten! Like this review? Read it and more at kristinehallways.blogspot.com .
Everything I Never Told You is a book about race, death, love, lies, prejudice, academia, and family. This might have had the best first line of any book I have read this year: “Lydia is dead, but they don’t know this yet.” Lydia is the middle child, the favorite child. Her death throws the delicate balance of this mixed race family living in 1970s in Ohio, into a quandary. They must face the things that have been driving them apart.<br/><br/>I have to admit that this book is something I might not have chosen for myself to read. I missed all the hype about it and only learned about it on Goodreads, as it was the latest pick in the Ford Audiobook Club. This book has been featured in a lot of places. It made the list of Amazon’s Best Books of the Year so far 2014. Being a debut novel, this is really impressive. Now that I have read the book, I can see why.<br/><br/>This book is so well written. The characters each have a story to tell, secrets to reveal and surprises in their tales for the reader. The time period, 1970s, was such a good choice for this novel. Being part of a mixed race family, (Chinese-American), in a time when mixed couples were being arrested, was very bold. The mother, Madelyn, is white. She wanted to be a doctor in a era when women did not become doctors. She became pregnant early in her academia and then had to settle for being a stay-at-home-mom. James, the father, is a Chinese childhood immigrant. James teaches American History at a college in Ohio. There is a bit of irony there, since all James wants is to fit in as an American. Their relationship is so strained. They bond because they both know what it is like to be different. They both have unfulfilled dreams.<br/><br/>Lydia is the child that mixes both races. She is the one they project all of their aspirations on. A blue eyed Chinese girl, pretty and smart enough to make all of her parent’s dreams come true. Lydia is a bundle angst. Her deepest wish to please her mother and father, both in their own ways, leaves her a shell.<br/><br/>There is a big brother, Nath, and a little sister, Hannah. They each have interesting stories that are revealed in this book as well. Reading this book, I couldn’t help feeling like I was peeling back layers to reveal the people in this family as they really are. In the midst of the investigation into how Lydia ended up in the water, this family is made to face their deepest feelings for each other. The feelings missing and the ones they don’t want to admit to. By the time we get into learning about the real Lydia, we can see why she could never have lived up to the challenge her parents set before her.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone wanting to be moved by a story. The author’s descriptive style was such a delight to get immersed in. I could see, feel, hear, and touch the narrative. The style of writing is the best I have read all year. The subject and revelations were brutal and hard to digest. Just like real life there was much more than meets the eye to these characters, and this book.
From early words in this book I knew my afternoon was going to be taken away as I absorbed myself in this novel. I was right. This is an exceptional debut novel by Celeste Ng, a powerful and emotive book. I really enjoyed my time with this novel and the character within it.<br/><br/>What's the book about?<br/><br/>Lydia is the favourite child of Marilyn and James Lee; a girl who inherited her mother's bright blue eyes and her father's jet-black hair. Her parents are determined that Lydia will fulfill the dreams they were unable to pursue - in Marilyn's case that her daughter become a doctor rather than a homemaker, in James's case that Lydia be popular at school, a girl with a busy social life and the centre of every party. But Lydia is under pressures that have nothing to do with growing up in 1970s small town Ohio. Her father is an American born of first-generation Chinese immigrants, and his ethnicity, and hers, make them conspicuous in any setting.<br/><br/>When Lydia's body is found in the local lake, James is consumed by guilt and sets out on a reckless path that may destroy his marriage. Marilyn, devastated and vengeful, is determined to make someone accountable, no matter what the cost. Lydia's older brother, Nathan, is convinced that local bad boy Jack is somehow involved. But it's the youngest in the family - Hannah - who observes far more than anyone realises and who may be the only one who knows what really happened.<br/><br/>My Review:<br/><br/>The book opens with us knowing that Lydia is dead.<br/><br/>Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet. 1977, May 3, six thirty in the morning, no one knows anything but this innocuous fact: Lydia is late for breakfast.<br/><br/>The book begins it's melancholy journey weaving from present to past and back again, enticing us in to it's subtle yet powerful world. I found this book to be so beautifully written, the words carried so much power and feeling, yet done in such an understated way.<br/><br/>We are told the story of James Lee who is Lydia's father, a Chinese man born in California but seen as an outsider, the book has plenty of references to the racial discrimination he faces, and then of course his children who are part Chinese like him. The only oriental looking children in their whole town and schools, it's not made an easy path for them. The other half of them comes of course from his wife Marilyn, blonde haired, blue eyes, the all-American girl. We hear of how they met, their romance, their marriage. We get plenty of back story but not so much that it gets stale all the way up to the present day.<br/><br/>Without realising why, he studied the most quintessentially American subject he could find - cowboys - but he never spoke of his parents, or his family. He still had a few acquantainces and no friends. He still found himself shifting in his seat, as if at any moment someone might notice him and ask him to leave.<br/><br/>Subtle tensions run through this novel, secrets and lies, the things that a family does not want to see and the things they truly do not care to see. But someone is seeing it all, young Hannah, who notices everything and misses nothing, it seems at times she is the only family member with her eyes open.<br/><br/>The layers are peeled off this family as we meet Lee and Marilyn, then the children Jack and Lydia (when she was alive), and then little Hannah, the youngest. The book swings timelines but does it effortlessly, you won't miss a beat. It's all relevant and important.<br/><br/>In the present day the police are looking for Lydia (we of course know she is dead from the start) and we watch and are given a front row seat into how each family member handles her being gone, and then her being dead. We watch things crumble, we learn of tiny secrets and big ones, surely nothing can ever be the same again?<br/><br/>Did anyone really know Lydia? Did anyone LOOK at her? Did anyone notice her? Or do people only ever really see the things they want to see?<br/><br/>The characters in this novel are all deeply complex, I was able to really relate and resonate with each of the family members. Jack stood out to me as a very well written character, the more that is revealed about him the more interesting he got. We get a very powerful insight into each of the key players in this story, it's very satisfying to get that in a novel in my opinion.<br/><br/>This is not a fast paced novel, it meanders but does not lose you on the way, it's a powerful story of tragedy that hits a family, but also about love, loss, family, trust, secrets, broken dreams and the sheer scope of human emotion. It's not a book to instill a smile, it has a heaviness, but it is supposed to have that. I just thought it was so clever how tiny rocks were turned over as the timeline flipped forward and back to reveal the treasured underneath. Some I saw coming, others I did not.<br/><br/>The ending. Oh the ending. I didn't like it. It feels like I did not get completion or satisfaction. But that's the whole point really, that life is not perfect, it doesn't always make us happy, and not all stories have happy endings. Don't get me wrong, it's not a BAD ending to a book I just wanted a different one.<br/><br/>A deep and beautifully written novel for the reader who likes some human depth and complexities in their reading, a sure winner with those that like to explore both the light and shade of marriage, families, emotions and life. Stunning, memorable and a very good debut novel.
Everything I Never Told You goes to the top of the list of the best books I read this year. It had from the blurb to the very end. I couldn't/wouldn't put it down, no matter how tired I was, I need to know what happened to Lydia. Everything I Never Told You is about a family who entire life changed the moment Lydia, the middle child, didn't come down for breakfast. We get flashbacks on how James and Marilyn Lee met; we learn about their background and the decisions they made that contributed to Lydia's death.<br/><br/>In the beginning, as the story became to unfold, I felt sorry for Lydia, but by the end, I was conflicted on how I feel about her. On one hand I feel bad for her, having to live the dreams of her parents; then on the other hand, from being so spoiled and having her way she treated her siblings like pieces of crap, especially Nath. I felt so sorry for Nath and Hannah, definitely Hannah who wasn't even noticed by her family. To me, when the parents actually showed any attention to Nath, Lydia would do or say something to get the attention back to her, even though she supposedly hates it.<br/><br/>Don't get me started on James and Marilyn, I can't fathom why they're parents. The fact Marilyn forgot all about Hannah is unbelievable. I guess I can kind of see why Marilyn dotted on Lydia, but for the life of me James reason is hard to. Their marriage was one big "What in the world?"<br/><br/>I have to say one of my favorite character's besides Hannah, is Jack, oh I liked him from the beginning, there was something about him that was likable. But once the book goes to a certain part, I was like, "Yes, OMG, yes, I completely understand now.<br/><br/>I love this book and could re read over and over again.
Summary<br/>Celeste Ng's debut novel centers around a Chinese/American family in the late 70's. Their daughter is found dead under unclear circumstances. We learn not just what happened leading up to that day, but we also learn about the family's struggle—both family issues and the struggles that came with being a mixed family.<br/><br/>Pros<br/>The novel is beautifully written. Once in a while we come across those writers who are able to express feelings and emotions that we may have felt, but simply never been able to put into words. I felt with the characters on such deep level both thanks to this, but also because the character's are complicated and described well. I sympathized with them all, but most of all with the kid sister, Hanna. So many times did I just want to stick my hands into the page, pull her out and hug her.<br/><br/>Cons<br/>I gave this book 4 stars out 5, which is a pretty darn good grade. But the reason it didn't get that last star was the constant jumping back and forth between the past and the now and POV's. I like when novels incorporate multiple character's POV's. But when there are more than two, I feel there need's to be some structure to it. The POV-jumping happened several times per scene, and many times there were location-jumping before the scene was over. And by the time we were sent back to finish up the scene I had already forgotten about it. The time jumping happened just as often as well—in just a few pages it could go from present, to three days earlier, to five days later, to three days earlier, to ten years earlier, and present again. Added to that, the names were not different enough for me to keep track on who's mind we are currently in. James, Jack, Nath. Somehow those names became one single name, and not unique enough for me to notice when we had changed perspective. Same thing with Lydia and Mairlyn.<br/><br/>Conclusion<br/>Someone once told me "A reader should never be woken up from his dream." Well, I was woken up many more times than I would have liked to, when I had to go back to see who was talking, what year, time of the day, or what day of the week we were in. But it was a wonderful dream, and I am happy I got to experience it even if I had to fall back to sleep again several times to continue dreaming. I will look for Celeste Ng's second novel.
Everything I Never Told You, a complex and emotionally charged debut novel by Celeste Ng—a heartbreaking and emotional journey of one fragile family of misfits, struggling for a sense of normality in their lives. 4.5 Stars<br/><br/>Set in Ohio, in the 1970s, readers learn about a couple, Marilyn and James, who meet in 1957. Flashing back and forth, Marilyn is at Radcliffe and James, son of Chinese immigrants, a graduate student teaching one of her classes.<br/><br/>The two fall in love and marry, against the mother’s objections due to the interracial status. James is blown away by his wife, and the two together have individual hopes and dreams for a successful life. They both keep their family history to themselves, as well as their frustrations. They are almost living an unrealistic life.<br/><br/>However, soon their plans are ruined, when Marilyn finds herself pregnant and James does not get the prestigious position, he was hoping for. She feels she is giving up her dream; however, in hopes to regain later. James never feels as though he lives up. Not a good match, as this drive for excellence is carried over to their children, often demanding perfection.<br/><br/>Lydia is the middle child and a favorite of the mother. Lydia tries desperately to please her mother, but does not feel she can ever live up to the expectations. Marilyn always has a fear of being like her own mother, and wants more, she is grasping for her own dream of being a doctor. She wants to further her education.<br/><br/>When Lydia goes missing and is discovered dead in a nearby lake, they find they never knew their own daughter. They did not know the real person. She was afraid of water, refuses to learn to swim and was on a rowboat—making no sense to the family left behind.<br/><br/>The family does not have friends, the marriage unravels, and the brother, Nath – only dreams of going to Harvard and escaping this family, always consumed by vengeance, and youngest Hannah silently watches all as a bystander. Everyone wonders what caused the accident and if Lydia was unhappy—what did they miss? Everyone is so caught up in themselves, they miss everything happening around them.<br/><br/>A totally dysfunctional family and one of dark secrets, grief, and loss. A powerful tale of race, prejudice, identity—how they live with the tragedy left behind. Hidden truths are unraveled, keeping you absorbed and hooked until the end.<br/><br/>Cassandra Campbell was an excellent choice for narrator for the audiobook, for a slow and steady, precise performance, needed for the character's reflection, especially Marilyn's character-a good match.<br/><br/>An ideal novel for book clubs, exploring each character to analyze their different personalities. A deeply moving and beautifully written debut novel of marriage, family, and human emotions from a master storyteller!
Celeste Ng's narrative of "Everything I Never Told You" is interesting. The blurb says it is an 'exquisite' debut and I don't disagree but there were times as I was reading that I feel that it was too exquisite, too much of a 'under the glass' flowery prose that often happens to talented writers upon their debut.<br/><br/>And the thing is, the story itself is intriguing. More than intriguing. It is precise and knowing as if the author is writing of a people who she knows. James is a professor, born in California, but still at time when being Asian (specifically Chinese) meant being "Oriental." Marilyn is a white woman, smart, ambitious, but coming of age in a time when ambition in a woman isn't nurtured. They are married in the 1950s when interracial marriages are still illegal in some states. They have two children, Nathan and Lydia. Then Marilyn leaves the family for a time. She is brought back and they have their third and last child.<br/><br/>Their home is in Ohio, one of the most Midwestern of Midwest states. They lead a quiet life. It is Lydia, the middle child, to whom the parents pour their hopes and dreams into. Lydia, the pretty one who is also smart. James sees in her the chance to be popular and have the social life that he never had. Marilyn sees in her the chance to break out of the limits of homemaking and to become the doctor that she never got to be.<br/><br/>The two other children accept that Lydia is the favored one without much rancor. If there is jealousy, it is for other reasons. But their lives change the when Lydia dies after falling into the lake.<br/><br/>This is an incredibly fast read of a story. In spite of the detached narrative that I found a little oft-putting, I was fascinated by the story. Sixteen year old Lydia is so quietly troubled and trapped by expectations of her parents. Her one lifeline, brother James, has his own issues to deal with. Her sister Hannah is too young to confide in.<br/><br/>The reader already knows the outcome and there aren't many surprises in the story and that was actually its strength to me. I could see this happening to a family, where things unsaid pile up and then log jam in a place that you didn't think it would jam. There's no real explosion that happens. The tragedy that unfolds happens quietly.<br/><br/>I give the book 4-stars on the strength of how the event unfolds but at the same time, the aftermath doesn't really go anywhere. It just ends with no real move forward and left me wondering if there was a chapter that was missing.
When I read a sample of this work I thought it was a mystery, a who done it? However, although there was some mystery connected, this book was more about bigotry. It was about how living through a child can be most hurtful. It is about truthfulness.
Excellent family drama. A compelling look at prejudice, stereotypes, gender inequality, sibling rivalry, betrayal and forgiveness. Each character's grief, fear,secrets and motivations are clearly drawn and believable. I could not put this book down!
My favorite read this past year (2014). I would give this book 6 stars. I bought this for everyone last Christmas and I was sad to see it disappear from the airplane bookstores. I hear the paperback just came out and would recommend it to everyone!
This book deals with families and generational response to social changes of post-war America.  Celeste Ng's descriptions of life in the 1950's may help millennials and Xers envision the world its protagonists faced. Marilyn's attempts to be a doctor are as humiliating and exhausting as James' attempts to fit in. Both pressure their daughter to live the life they could not.<br/><br/>The time of Marilyn and James' coming of age is defined in part by quotes from the Betty Crocker Cook Book. They may seem funny today, but in the 1950's they were part of the social fabric as was James' attitude towards his wife working.<br/><br/>Marilyn's Radcliff education was seen by her mother as preparation for marriage to a Harvard man.  Marilyn has the marriage her mother wanted, but after the wedding they parted to never speak again. James has the career and life his parents dreamed of and they, similarly, are not in the picture.<br/><br/>Like their parents Marilyn and James try to realize their unmet goals through their daughter Lydia.  Afraid that her mother would leave, Lydia was desperate to please.  The parents are blinded in their quest and do not see the needs or achievements of their son.  Their other daughter is all but invisible.  The real Lydia is unknown to them.<br/><br/>While no one in the family intends to have secrets everyone does. While the children are dealing with the residue of gender and race bias they are not aware of it, nor of their parents' suffering because of it.<br/><br/>The plot is that of a murder mystery.  Through it you see that if the parents could have accepted the realities they faced and recognized the unique needs of their own children, this tragedy would have been avoided.
I read this thinking it was the best book of 2014 and I disagreed wholeheartedly! I felt like it was the biggest family mess I'd ever been thrown into. No resolution, no one was happy. Oh well. That's what makes horse races....some like it and some don't .
"Everything I Never Told You" by Celeste Ng, 297pgs, Penguin Press, 2014<br/><br/>Some books are so carefully, lovingly crafted, some stories so startlingly, truthfully told, some authors so prescient and insightful, so gifted at recreating the journeys of real people's' lives with words, rhythm, and a near-supernatural ability to know what to include and what to omit, that turning to the last page, one resists reading the final phrase. Some books, once they come to an end, leave you with both a fullness for having experienced the emotional arcs of the characters, and, too, an equal ache of emptiness, because they are finished now. There is not another chapter.<br/><br/>Celeste Ng's debut novel, Everything I Never Told You, is just such a book.<br/><br/>From its opening sentences:<br/><br/>"Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet."<br/><br/>-- the reader is riveted by the heartbreaks, the hopes, the secrets, the sorrows, the misunderstandings, the mistakes, those things misspoken, unspoken, and regretfully spoken by Lydia, her mother and father, Marilyn and James, her sister and brother, Hannah and Nath, and her neighbor, Jack. We come to know Lydia -- and the others -- through the thoughts and observances of each, the ways in which they see and miss one another.<br/><br/>This is a story about expectations and the cost of dreams. This is a story about discrimination both subtle and overt. This is a story about fear, especially the fear of saying and being out loud who one is and wants to be. This is a story about loving someone who doesn't exist, of loving someone in secret, of loving someone less for who they are than from a longing to be seen and loved one's self, and the tragedy of that love not being returned in that way.<br/><br/>The book begins with Lydia's death and then goes back in time, jumps here and there and back again until arriving at that night when it happened. Along the way the characters' weaknesses and strengths, wisdoms and ignorances are artfully limned, and though the end is inevitable given the opening sentence, the reader begins -- as in real life having lost someone -- to employ magical thinking in the hope Lydia's death will be averted.<br/><br/>Ng's prose is sculptural, her imagery often breathtaking. Listen to this memory of the early courtship of Lydia's parents, James and Marilyn, having just painted his apartment and made love on the bed, pushed to the center of the room:<br/><br/>"Later that afternoon, waking in the fading light, he noticed a tiny yellow blotch on the tip of Marilyn's toe. After a moment of searching, he found a smudge on the wall near the end of the bed, where her foot had touched it as they made love: a dime-sized spot where the paint was blotted away. He said nothing to Marilyn, and when they pushed the furniture back into place that evening, the dresser concealed the smudge. Every time he looked at that dresser he was pleased, as if he could see through the pine drawers and his folded clothing straight to it, that mark her body had left in his space."<br/><br/>And this, much later when youngest child, Hannah, whose powers of observation border on preternatural -- as are Ng's -- has realized at a family dinner that something horrible, world-altering is coming:<br/><br/>"Hiding under the smooth white [icing], Hannah thought, was the pretend driver's license, the Congratulations and the blue L-Y-D. Thought you couldn't see it, it was there just underneath, covered up but smudged and unreadable and horrible. And you'd be able to taste it, too. Their father snapped picture after picture, but Hannah didn't smile. Unlike Lydia, she had not yet learned to pretend. Instead she half shut her eyes, like she did during the scary parts of T shows, so that she could only half see what came next."<br/><br/>That is a fantastic piece of writing. Almost as fantastic as another of Hannah's precognitive perceptions, this one involving a drop of water trickling from Nathan's hair described from page 210 to 212 that struck this reader with such force, I had to search Celeste Ng out on Twitter (I do not know her, she does not follow me, I am simply an appreciative -- incredibly appreciative -- reader) late last night to tell her it had left me breathless and weeping.<br/><br/>This is a stunning novel. And, as I said at the start, it left me both full from the glories of its prose and emotions, and empty, once finished, missing it. Fitting, that, as the life and death of Lydia does the same for all the other characters in the novel.<br/><br/>Read it. Really. Just read it.<br/><br/>I bought Celeste Ng's "Everything I Never Told You" at my local independent bookstore, The Curious Iguana
Slowly and painfully the beautiful prose in this very sad story, "Everything I Never Told You" unfold, evolve, and transport the reader into the Lee family set in Middletown, a small Midwestern college town, where James Lee is a professor and his family, wife Marilyn, and children Nath, Lydia and Hannah live. James is Chinese-American and Marilyn, as a child, is raised by a single mother. Chapter by chapter, the reader learns more and more about the lives of each of the Lee's and what they have never shared with one another. The tragic death of Lydia forces the truths, thoughts, dreams, secrets, and things unsaid to emerge.<br/>James is a bright professor who didn't get a teaching position at Harvard. Marilyn is the exceptionally bright physics, math, and chemistry minded young woman, who because of the era in which she grew up, the 50-60's, doesn't realize her dream to become a doctor. She is faced throughout the book with her decision to marry James and abandon her goals. Nath wants to be an astronaut or work in the aerospace industry as he is captivated by the Gemini 9 launch. Lydia is sandwiched in the middle but is the apple of her mother's eye. Marilyn presses all her dreams and desires onto Lydia. Hannah is the last child, often overlooked and forgotten, but the wise observer of the family personalities.<br/>With exceptional in-depth character development, my heart ached for the Lee family. For the inter-racial struggles faced my James and Marilyn and later for their children to be the only Asian family in Middletown. All the lost dreams and desires of Marilyn to not reach her potential and the sexism she faced while in college for a woman to pursue science and medicine. Marilyn and the Betty Crocker cookbook of her mother which states all the reasons a woman should be fulfilled with her role as a housewife. Ng captures the dynamics of the siblings. The sneaking into an older sibling's  room to look through their things, to take a small treasure, to idolize your older sibling(s) and often to be overlooked, and to hide or sneak in to hear parts of conversations. Poor Lydia. Sandwiched in the middle and unable to get it quite right.<br/>Haunting and lyrical, this is a lovely piece of fictional writing.
I recommend reading James Hiller's and Nancy Famolari's reviews to get two very thoughtful perspectives on this book from both ends of the spectrum.  Many of the other reviews seem to be based on personal preferences and questionable premises.  For one thing, I am amazed that some readers have given this book a low rating because they found it depressing. Perhaps they should have read the synopsis and discovered ahead of time that this isn't a beach read or a cozy mystery. A reader who approaches this book hoping for insight into the human condition and the possibilities of redemption and growth should not be disappointed.<br/><br/>I am also amazed that the book's characters have been negatively criticized for being undeveloped and stereotypical. I found the characters to be, in fact, fresh and fully delineated, so much so that I felt like I knew them well by the end of the book, particularly the children. They brought to mind quite a few adolescents in my long teaching career with nice middle class parents who were, nevertheless, neglectful, unrealistic in their expectations, or unaware of who their children really were.<br/><br/>Similarly, several critiques have dismissed the book as nothing new, merely another book about a dysfunctional family.  As noted in Ecclesiastes long ago, there are no subject matters that have not been addressed, even multiple times. What makes a book worth reading is what the writer brings to those subjects, and I, along with many other reviewers, believe that what Ms. Ng brings to the table here is not hackneyed but insightful and well worth our time.<br/><br/>Finally, I must address those who believe this book unrealistically presents racial conditions in the 1970's. No doubt, in cosmopolitan areas, interracial couples would have been more common. However, in my hometown during the 60's and 70's, there was little integration even though there was a college in town and a military base nearby. There was not one Asian student or faculty member in my high school during my four years there.  When I began teaching in a school across town in the late 70's, I taught a number of children from interracial families (mostly Korean or Vietnamese mothers and Caucasian fathers) whose parents were concerned that I might treat their children differently once I discovered their family backgrounds. No wonder why these families had segregated themselves in a couple of areas of the city.  I saw no overt racism while there, but I did see some kids struggling with balancing cultural differences and with where they fit in. Luckily, Asian and interracial students were not a rarity in this school. Had there been only one family as in the book, my students' experience might have been similar to the Lees'. In short, we need to be careful in labeling a situation created by a writer as unrealistic based on our limited experiences and knowledge.
I found this book to be a bit difficult to get into. However, once I got firmly started, I didn't want to put it down. Character development was excellent and the twists and turns of the story kept my attention till the wee hours of the morning.
A brilliant, insightful rendering of the human dynamic within a family, this book draws you in from the first sentence.  I ached for each of the characters struggling to become free of their life constraints and be comfortable in their own skin.
The girl is dead from the beginning so I thought the point of the book would be to find out why / how she died. However the author spends most of the book telling the girl's family's mostly irrelevant and unbelievable back story.<br/><br/>A blonde, blue-eyed white woman (Marilyn) marries and Asian man (James) back when interracial relationships were rare. Okay, fine. But the author gives no explanation as to why Marilyn would be attracted to James. She never said he was cute or funny or charismatic. I would have even accepted her getting with James simply to rebel or because she took a Chinese class and developed an Asian fetish or because James pursued her hard. Anything! But no, NO explanation is given. She just leans over his desk and kisses this short, average-looking Asian with no personality just because.<br/><br/>There are no examples of Marilyn and James ever having fun together. I don't know how they made three kids. They seemed to loath each other too much to have sex.<br/><br/>There are too many examples of different members of the Lee family being unpopular. Okay, we get it. They don't fit in.  And all the suggestions that the Lee kids didn't fit in because they're mixed. James didn't fit in and he wasn't mixed. Also, everybody considered the Lee kids to be Asian including Jack, who refers to Lydia as an Asian girl.<br/><br/>The most unbelievable part of the story is Marilyn leaving. The bond between mother and children is strong. No mother would leave her kids so she can pursue becoming a doctor. I could maybe see her leaving for a day or two to get her head straight but to be gone for weeks and then come back only because she's having another one...so unrealistic. A mother who would do that would have aborted the baby and went on about her business. And again, how did she even get pregnant when she and James resent each other so much?<br/><br/>The story is too slow moving and the author stretches out scenes that would take minutes in real time to several pages. I think Ng is one of those authors that puts writing pretty prose above developing an engrossing story. I didn't like this book but I'll admit that maybe it just wasn't my cup of tea.
Families are complicated and sometimes messy. You probably don't need me to tell you that. And I’m sure you don't even need a book to illuminate this basic truth. But when a novel as good as Celeste Ng's debut, EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU, comes along and explores the intricacies and history of a family in crisis, you just might find yourself thinking about the complexities of family in a new way.<br/><br/>Ng's novel opens in the immediate aftermath of the disappearance of Lydia Lee. The reader knows she's dead --- the narrator tells us so in the very first sentence --- but Lydia's parents and siblings don't yet know that her body lies in the lake near their home in a small college town. Lydia is the apple of her parents' eye, and her brother and sister are both keenly aware of it. But Lydia is harboring her own secrets, her own loneliness and isolation, things that she feels unable to mention to her parents and risk upsetting them or disappointing them.<br/><br/>The Lees are an unusually insular family. It's the 1970s, and people still aren't sure what to make of a Chinese man married to a white woman. Lydia's mother, Marilyn, never saw her own mother again after her marriage to James, and all the members of the family have tolerated taunts or worse, forms of bullying, bigotry and rejection that they seem unable to discuss with each other but that draw them to each other in the absence of other outside relationships. Ng writes perceptively and honestly about the love James and Marilyn share, as well as Marilyn's very real trepidations about being involved with an "Oriental" man --- and one who was her college professor --- when the two first began seeing each other in the 1950s.<br/><br/>Each member of the family struggles with a secret he or she is unable to share with the others, whether it is Marilyn's long-standing regret about choosing marriage and family over medical school or little sister Hannah's knowledge of what happened the night Lydia disappeared. As Lydia's fate becomes painfully clear to all of them, Ng's narrative travels back to the early days of her parents' courtship, as well as to a period when Marilyn herself disappeared for a time. At the end, after we've come to know and at least begin to understand what secrets Lydia's older brother, Nathan, and Lydia herself harbor, we see Lydia's final moments through her eyes, realizing the extent of her self-knowledge and the things she still doesn't understand.<br/><br/>"She hadn't realized how fragile happiness was," Ng writes of Lydia, "how if you were careless, you could knock it over and shatter it." In EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU, Ng shows us how a family so desperately wanting to avoid hurting each other actually end up suffering terribly as a result.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Norah Piehl.
For a debut, EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU gets it mostly right, as Celeste Ng takes us back to the familiar (to some of us) 70s, where a Chinese-American family struggles as the only Asians (well, "Oriental," then) in their Ohio community. Dad James is a professor, and mom Marilyn is the frustrated would've been doctor who now focuses all of her dreams on her eldest daughter, Lydia.<br/><br/>Oh, yeah. Lydia is dead. On page one. But she's alive start to finish in the book, which arcs back in time to trace the mystery of how a 16-year-old girl with so much going for her could wind up drowned in a local lake when no one saw anything wrong -- accent on "saw." Also part of the family mystery are brother Nath and younger sister Hannah. And the main suspect, next door neighbor, Jack, who really winds up being the book's weak point due to improbable revelations, circumstances, and suggestions at the end. But I can't go there. It's for you to go there.<br/><br/>What you'll find along the way is some mighty fine writing. Ng can mix plot with poetic writing in parts -- often strange bedfellows considering how so many writers are good at one or the other. Also interesting is the thread of prejudice that travels like a yellow stitch through the narrative. Ng does not overplay her hand here. She gets it just right. Corny as it might sound, the whole book winds up being "charming" in its way, evoking as it does an era close enough to be familiar but distant enough to invoke nostalgia. Usually, I run from charming, but in this case I did not mind. Though it went a little longer than necessary, I was more than willing to hang around to confirm my suspicions about Lydia's death. I think you will, too.
This book is the literary equivalent of biting into a crisp apple in October. Ng's writing is economical but evocative, easy-to-digest prose that is like wading through crackling autumn leaves, every detail magnified and accentuated.<br/><br/>The book unspools the tale of a dysfunctional family: the what, not the why. It's a character-driven story whose dramatis personae include two self-absorbed parents, three socially awkward but otherwise compliant children, and the enigmatic boy next door. We know from the first sentence that one of the three children is dead, and spend 300 pages observing the dynamics that propelled the family to this particular place.<br/><br/>It's an ambitious premise for a book, and an author more skilled at nuance might have been able to carry it off. Ng does not.<br/><br/>My main gripe with the book pertains to its anachronistic and stylistic flaws. It takes place in a college town, with most of the action occurring in the late 70s. Had it been set in the xenophobic 1940s, I might have believed the constant references to "Orientals" and the family's failure to fit in because of its ethnic mix. But the heavy-handed emphasis on race flat out fails the straight face test for anyone who attended school in the 1970s. Ethnic minority? Gay? Part of an interracial couple? Not many students in the 70s, especially in a college town, would have even blinked. Sure, there are always kids of various backgrounds who don't fit in, and a lot of that alienation is a function of parental negligence. That is the core of a real story, which could have been presented in a more compelling and universal manner if Ng had soft-pedaled the message and hadn't insisted on shoving the race card in our faces every other paragraph.<br/><br/>There were a couple of other sections of the book, one involving the mother's effort to finish her education, the other an account of the daughter observing her father's dalliance, that confused me, raising questions that were never addressed, much less resolved.<br/><br/>With a little editing (note to Ng: if you choose to write another story set in a fairly recent era, run it by someone who lived in that time) this could have been an impactful read. As is, I found it annoying and a little too cute for its own good.
The characters in this story seemed like cardboard cut-outs and their actions never made much sense.  If the author could have breathed some more life into these people, I would've cared about what happened to them even if I disliked them.
GOOD WRITING...NO DOUBT IN THAT.  But that does not mean that the writer can tell a good story.  Ng told a good story.  It is a page-turner.  But I hated the enormous attention to detail.  But when a writer is putting forth a story that is captivating a reader is likely to be tolerant and wave through it.  I HAD AN EXPERIENCE IN SO MANY WAYS....Ng tapped on controversial issues in so many ways--The one line in the book that I won't forget is this one:  "My father is Chinese but my mother is American."  THAT'S HUGE!!!  Her father was born in America, an American, and his family coaxed and pushed him to become the best he could be: he became a college professor and his wife was also coaxed to be somebody and she intended to become a doctor but she got pregnant and so she got married and she loved her husband and the other kids she had during the marriage but then one day she just ran away.  Disappeared.  Gone.  She just ran away.  Not a word.  No note.  No explanation.  Where did she go?  Is there another man?  Is she having an affair?  No.  That wasn't it.  He was having an affair.  But not even that was it.  She was impassioned but not with another person; she wanted to finish what she had started when her life changed and headed in another direction.  OHHHHH,  how modern!!!!  It was delicious, just delicious!!!  It's a page -turner.  I still think the last 50 pages was a drudge.  I will have to read them again.  All and all it was a good read and I can still feel it and even argue with it.  And that means--5 stars to me.  Waiting for your next book Celleste Ng.  I'm looking forward to your mature views and controversies.--MO
Everything I Never Told You was a very well written book that I think spoke to a lot of family dynamics. There were lots of unspoken feelings, unshared thoughts and assumptions about other family members that made it feel very real to me.<br/><br/>It begins with Marilyn (a blonde American) and James (an Asian man) meeting and falling in love in the 70's when interracial relationships were not common at all. Also, Marilyn had every aspiration to be a doctor which was also quite unusual for a female of the times. However, they fall in love and become pregnant sooner that they expected which pushed aside Marilyn's educational aspirations for a bit as they have another child and build a life for their family in Ohio.<br/><br/>Marilyn eventually decides to leave her young family feeling that it is the only way she can finish her goal towards becoming a physician. Once she returns after finding out they will have a third child, she turns her focus to their middle child, Lydia. All of her hopes and dreams she once had for herself she pins to Lydia. Her oldest child, Nathan, and their youngest, Hannah, are all but forgotten with all the emphasis on Lydia.<br/><br/>One major tragedy and subsequent minor ones follow as the tangled web of their family begins to unweave since Lydia is afraid to share what she really wants and the others are afraid to make themselves standout all because they want their mom to stay. If only they would have shared their thoughts and desires with one another, perhaps things could have been different. Hopefully, all will learn from these actions and become somewhat of the family they all always wanted.
"Everything I Never Told You" is a book that by all accounts, I shouldn’t have liked. I don’t typically like the full family history, the set in the past, or the racial tension type books. But whoa. This book was beautifully sad. I felt so bad for all of the characters. They were all so unhappy with their lives. The parents had so many issues and a lot of them were due to their own choices.<br/><br/>Marilyn and James tried so hard to have happy, successful lives, but something always got in the way of their happiness. They both had challenging childhoods that were very influential on who they became as adults.<br/><br/>The children had hard lives, always trying to get praise or a smile from their parents. Nath was largely neglected by his father, the only one he wanted approval from. Lydia couldn’t be what her mom wanted her to be, and she felt misunderstood by her father. And little Hannah, poor Hannah – always underestimated for her level of comprehension of situations (much like many youngest children).<br/><br/>When Lydia goes missing, her family must try to stick together to figure out what happened to her. Then, Lydia is found dead in the lake. Her family is shocked – this is the catalyst for their falling apart. Everything I Never Told You follows their stories, before the children were born, after they were born, and after Lydia’s death. It spans a wide timeline, but it is beautifully woven and was really a sad, profound book.<br/><br/>I listened to this book on Audible. The narrator was engaging and easy to listen to, with her soft voice saying all of the sad things in the book.
Very interesting if exaggerated story. Hard to read at times because of being so tragic. Get the feeling that in order to make some very valid points the author goes beyond what is reasonable and expected of a very educated family.
There have been other novels with similar plots, but what separates this one from others is the quality of the writing.  Celeste Ng breathes life into her characters and we come to know and care about them.  A very compelling book.
This book is a gem to treasure, and I'm so very glad that I read it!! The writing is so clean and naturally flowing, the story so perfectly told, that one would never guess it is the author's first book.<br/><br/>Yes, this is a book about a family loosing a child; but to me, that is such a small part of the book and the powerful story it tells. The story is so complex yet so flawlessly moved along that at the end of 292 pages, I felt I knew each individual character well, their thoughts and feelings about how they see themselves not only in the context of the family, but of the world. I saw the intimacy of a marriage at first bloom, during the days of "normal" life, broken, and then restored. I saw the power of unspoken expectations within a family, ANY family, for each member of a family, and how they shape and sometimes destroy us. I saw sibling love, bonding, and pain and resentment over outright favoritism of one child. I experienced racism, the scars it leaves on not only the 'different' person, but on those they love due to how it shaped and affected his life, hopes, and interactions because of the long shadow of previous interactions never forgotten.<br/><br/>Finally, I adore this book because I realize that in many ways (without the death, without the racism), the Lee family could be any family in the world. That the lack of open and honest communications between family members allow unspoken expectations and resentments to flourish, maim and destroy. Yet still the family finds ways to pick up the pieces and move forward again.<br/><br/>One last word...... AMAZING!!!!!
Brilliant novel.  This author clearly knows about alienation and the damage done by prejudice.  The damage not always inflicted by strangers but by family members but all going back to alienation by racial and ethnic segregation.
If you pick up EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU be prepared for a book that is both compelling and deeply disturbing. At the start of the book a 16 year old girl is dead. The rest of the book is about figuring out what happened to her. But this isn't a simple crime drama. Instead, it's the story of a family and the ways in which its members believe they know each other intimately but in reality, nothing could be farther from the truth. All members of even the best families keep secrets. And those secrets can impact everyone.<br/><br/>As you read you will slowly uncover the  true family dynamics from each person's distinctive perspective --both parents and their three children. James, a professor at a small liberal arts college, struggles with his Asian heritage. His wife Lydia mourns the path she DIDN'T take. Nath, their oldest and finishing up his senior year of high school, is eager to head to an ivy league college. Lydia, the favorite, has aspirations of becoming a doctor, but has recently begun hanging out with the neighborhood "bad boy." And Hannah, the youngest, turns out to be the most astute observer of them all.<br/><br/>As their family history unfolds, the reader finds out how different members of the family have been shaped differently by the same events. And because the history is so completely plausible, ordinary even, it's unsettling to see how BOTH parents AND siblings unknowingly make profound mistakes in dealing with each other that then impact the fate of them all. Ng has done an excellent job of making each of these five characters unique and believable.
This novel digs deep into the intricacies of family dynamics in a way that opens your eyes and heart wide. Beautifully written exposition of how parents and their children relate and the damage we can impose onto our children.
Interesting tale of how family interactions play such a huge part in who we become and the decisions that we make.  Unexpected twist involved, which kept the pages turning.<br/>A good read. Memorable and highly entertaining.,
There are so many good reviews that anything I might add would be superlative. Suffice it to say that I loved this book.  It is an absolute must read.  I look forward immensely to this wonderfully talented author's next novel.
This is a book with big social ambitions captured in a small, intimate story.  The narrative starts with the mystery of a dead daughter, but it unwinds itself around the story of a family who must deal with the impact of discrimination and the fallout of broken dreams.<br/><br/>The language is lovely; the themes are complex and deep. Characters are strong, individual, and full of authentic motivations and issues. But the best aspect for me is the flow of the plot: the story itself changes and evolves with its deft narrative style. With the way this book tackles difficult social issues with complex characters and a quick-reading plot, I think this book would be the perfect book for a high school English class!<br/><br/>For an example of the lovely writing and strong social issues this book tackles, I’m choosing an excerpt from pg. 41: “In Chinatown, the lives of all those paper sons were fragile and easily torn. Everyone’s name was false. Everyone hoped not to be found out and sent back. Everyone clustered together so they wouldn’t stand out.”<br/><br/>I’m docking one point in my review because I didn’t feel like I would get much out of reading this book again. While the issues are complex, the plot isn’t. The characters are fleshed out but not complex enough to offer something more on a deeper read. This has the feel of a one-trick book (although its one trick is a very good trick.)<br/><br/>I would strongly recommend this book as a quick read or as a wonderful book to bring into a classroom. I give this a moderate recommendation to book clubs.
The nuggets of truth are carefully and artfully revealed in this heart-rending novel of bigotry and discrimination. To tell more would spoil the story. Read this book to gain a new perspective, one you won't soon forget.Jun
If you are having a happy day, this book can cure you.  The writing is beautiful, the characters so true to life, and this family chooses loneliness and unhappiness over and over again.  This story is never ending sadness.
Such an amazing read,insights into children's minds ,it's a cant put down book.i had to re read the ending again just to satisfy myself.<br/>Congratulations to this young woman,I will wait impatiently for your next one!
What a wonderful book!  It meets all my criteria:  I laugh, I cry, I learn something important, I care about the characters.  They are the Lee family composed of James, an American born Chinese and Marilyn a white woman from Virginia. The time frame is from the 50's when women had strictly  designated roles and men were in charge of the universe.  In l955 Marilyn is studying to become a Doctor and meets her husband while attending Radcliff and walking in a class titled The American Cowboy, taught by her future husband.  Many of the students walk out of the lecture when they see James is  "Oriental", but she is intrigued.  Yet the story begins in l977 and centers on the disappearance of their daughter, sixteen year old Lydia, upon whom has been placed the huge responsibility of fulfilling all of her parents hopes and dreams.  The story goes back and forth in time and we see the backgrounds of both parents, and while very different, they are both damaged, particularly James, whose family withstood prejudice and cruelty that shocked me, though I grew up in Virginia during the same period as Marilyn.  There are two other Lee children; Nathan and Hannah, and while not completely ignored by their parents, at least they are not fully nurtured.  How is it possible to live together for decades and still not truly know or understand your spouse and children?  Secrets!  Please read for yourself this beautifully written story and when you have finished, share something you have been holding inside, with someone you care about!
The title caught my interest . This was a very complex family with a lot of misunderstanding factors in how to cope with everyday life . This story makes you wonder how many people go though life this way in the world .
A great, tragic story of interpretation and consequence. Pitch perfect scenes capturing each character's world in a solar system where planets pass but rarely collide. Deeply provocative. Ng is an author to be followed
A cautionary tale of how we impose our own desires and fears on our children.  Very engaging story of a biracial couple and their (and their children's) ongoing struggle with being "different" - a great read!
From start to finish this book mesmerized me.  It can be life changing if you take to heart what you read.  Well written, suspenseful, and full of under currents.  I couldn't put it down but I didn't want it to end.
"What made something precious? Losing it and finding it. All those times he’d pretended to lose her." ~ Celeste Ng, Everything I Never Told You<br/><br/>Celeste Ng's debut novel, Everything I Never Told You, is not a feel-good story or one to make you smile. The story line is ripe with regrets, disappointments, darkness, sadness, grief, and loss.<br/><br/>Ng establishes right away her central characters: James, Chinese and Marilyn, American couple with three children: Nathan, Lydia, and Hannah. James and Marilyn have expectations for their children. Expectations it seems to live out the hopes and dreams James and Marilyn never realized.<br/><br/>The story line centers around Lydia's death and the family's various ways of coping with her disappearance and loss. Yet, Ng has written a more complex story than this--a complex story of interracial marriage, racial tensions, disappointment, regret, hope, and a faltering family dynamic. Not to mention each family member's individual demons.<br/><br/>Recommendation:<br/><br/>Celeste Ng's Everything I Never Told You is dark, mysterious, complex, sad. Yet, there is a lesson to be learned here if you can find your way through all its twists and turns and the darkness. Ng's writing style kept me reading. She has a gift for developing plot, characters, and creating story arc that keeps her reader turning the pages. If you are reminiscent of the 1970s or want to experience them as they were, pick up a copy of Everything I Never Told You.
A book filled with strong complex human characters. the voice of the piece is open, coaxing secrets from the characters. Soft poetic paragraphs sometimes linger in the moment and sometimes leap far into the future.
Wow! What a story! Very heavy read, but one of those books that grabs you from the first sentence and won't let you put it down! The descriptiveness of emotions is wonderful! Great read! Highly recommend this book!
A difficult concept but executed very well - the unsaid narrative is delivered by different voices in past, present and future creating a steady build of pent up frustration, culminating in some beautiful passages.
Very poignant view of racism, sexism. How families cope with disappointment and struggle to move forward.<br/>Characters are well drawn, complex. Paints a realistic view of life in the 60's. Filled with memories.
While essentially well-told, there is something so extreme in the family dynamic depicted here that strains credibility. Both parents try to address their own inner demons vicariously through one of their three children. This in itself is not unusual or surprising. It's the extremity of this case that strains credibility: the parents, particularly the mother, carries her "mission" to make her daughter everything she was not to a pathological level, buying her science books for every birthday or Christmas present, etc. No one would truly believe a young girl would "want" only such gifts and not prefer, for example, some pretty clothes or perfume or music. But this mother believes it, helped along by her daughter's magical thinking that impels her to go along with her mother's ambitions for her to keep her mother, she believes, in the home. Then, the father has his own agenda to repair his lifelong feeling of isolation through the same girl, which is bad enough. But it again strains credibility that he does not see what his wife is imposing on the girl.<br/><br/>Overall, this is a story of tragic loss due to equally tragic lack of communication and self-awareness. The characters unfold in ever-deepening iterations until we have a complete understanding of the suicide that is at the center of the story, what caused it, and how this family can move forward together.<br/><br/>Ng is truly gifted with a fine narrative style and skill with characterization and plot.
The story of our parents and how their lives influence our lives is told in this story.  Beautifully written and moving.  How a child starts to develop a sense of self and the painful reckoning of choices made.
I found this book totally depressing and neverending.  A sad story predicts a sad ending, which comes to pass.  The characters are well defined, but I certainly would not look for another book by this author.
Excellent ...I could not put the book down! The characters along with the issues presented in the family were real and profound. When a story stays with me long after I finished it, I know it made an impact.
Semi spoiler alert....<br/><br/>This was such a well written first novel. It was short but it at 292 pages it didn't feel too short. It was like a novel you wanted to savor. I have flew through much longer novels much faster but this story just made you feel like you wanted to take your time. The story of the five different family members was so wonderfully interwoven you were never disappointed in the way you switched characters. Their are so many other novels I have read where you would have been easily confused without the transition of another chapter or you felt like the author had no idea how to switch voices. That was definitely not the case with this author/novel.<br/><br/>From someone who has been touched too closely by suicide in the last two years this novel brought forth many raw emotions. I found myself thinking is that how she felt, did she also have that serene peaceful feeling. I also hoped and prayed that they were wrong and that Lydia did not take her life in the end. I still believe she didn't but their are other reviews I have read where people feel she did.  I think that's how the author wanted to leave it. I also sort of wish the novel was a bit longer (was it actually a novella?) because as usual I want to know the outcome of this family. How did this affect Hannah in the end?<br/><br/>I read somewhere this novel took the author 6 years to write. I really hope her next novel comes out much quicker!
I was intrigued by the description of this book, and as an Asian American myself, was interested in how the author would deal with the subject matter.  Reading the book, it seems like it's semi-autobiographical -- addressing a very common Asian complex -- the pressure to succeed and achieve but also be accepted and not be viewed as a nerd.  Honestly though, the Mom sounded like a typical Asian tiger mom -- it wasn't very convincing that she was white -- her all consuming desire to go to medical school and her strict upbringing of her daughter -- definitely seemed more like a traditional Asian mother.  But anyway, I really didn't find anything truly remarkable about this story -- I feel like I've experienced these issues personally myself and have also read about them, and I'm not sure that the author does anything really illuminating with the issues.  Also, like some of the other reviewers said, there is really nothing redeeming or positive about these characters -- they are all so severely depressed.<br/><br/>The book was well written but I was a little disappointed that it didn't really go anywhere and didn't explore any new territory.  Perhaps if the reviews had been less stellar, my expectations would have been lower but based on the high ratings, I expected more.<br/><br/>Also, being Asian American really isn't that debilitating as this book may suggest -- lots of us actually do lead very happy lives, despite being a minority.
I believe Amazon rated it the best book of 2014.  I don't know if I would agree with that. But it held my interest better than many books I have read this year.  Read the free sample and you will be hooked.
This is a story of consequences.  Good character development such that you can identify with their decisions and empathise with how each character is effected by the decisions of others. An enjoyable read,
The majority of glowing reviews on this book had to have been written by the publisher's employees and the author's family and friends. The story was dull and the characters either poorly developed, unsympathetic or acting in ways that were completely preposterous. What man starts an affair mere hours after he buries his dead daughter? What woman (aside from someone fearing her life or the law) disappears without a trace, leaving her husband and two small children for an extended time because she felt unfulfilled? These characters were not bad people but acted in terrible ways.<br/><br/>The story is set in the mid 1970s in small-town, Midwestern America - likely a convenient way to highlight a time and place less tolerant of mixed marriages and bi-racial children. Yet, the family members weren't treated exceptionally poor and the 70s references seemed contrite. The author could have easily made this a modern day story, though that still would not have helped with character development or the boring plot.<br/><br/>I am also completely mystified by the author's use of the word "Oriental" instead of "Asian." I assume that since the author is Asian, it was used to highlight an offensive term. Yet, the characters were not offended. One character even referred to himself as Oriental.<br/><br/>There was so much to critique and so little to compliment. Just save yourself the time and pass on reading this book.
This an engaging and beautifully written story of a family living in a small town in Ohio during the 1970's. We learn how the the things they never tell one another impacts the family. It is the story of Marilyn and James, who grew up feeling as though they never fit in. Marilyn because she loved and excelled at biology, science and physics, and wanted to be a doctor during an era when a young woman's only aspirations were to be a good wife and mother. James because he was the only Chinese student at the private school he attended where his parents worked as a maintenance man and a cafeteria aide. Yet, when Marilyn and James meet, they both know that they had found their other half. They marry, gladly leaving their pasts behind them, yet never sharing their pasts with each another.<br/><br/>Two children are born in quick succession. Nathan and Lydia. Hannah, the baby of the family, is born after an incident that sets the events in place that will change the family forever. Each family member has things that they never tell for seemingly good reasons. But when tragedy strikes, they all realize the things they never told are the very things that will allow them to heal and to become the family they always thought they were.<br/><br/>Six years in the making, Ms. Ng's prose is beautiful and as a debut novel, Everything I Never Told You is superbly done, leaving the reader wanting for nothing more than her next novel.
I always say if a book can make me feel any profound emotion, it has done it's job, and it has done it well. That said, this book definitely did its job well.<br/>This is a very sad story, which I'm sure comes as no surprise after reading the book's description. If you don't like depressing books, this is not the book for you. The characters are all flawed which might make it a bit hard to like any of them, but I thought this made them all more believable. I especially enjoyed the flashbacks which allow the reader to see things from Lydia's point of view. I was hoping when I got this book that it would have her point of view in it, not just so I could find out what really happened to her but because I wanted to understand her thought process and how she felt leading up to her tragic death, so I was very pleased when I discovered that the book does in fact have this. Seeing how all the events of the past led up to the events of the present was very interesting as well and added more depth to the story.<br/>The ending was what made me feel the most (not the very ending, but close to it). I wasn't moved to the point of tears, but it did cut deep and left me feeling unsettled for the rest of the day.<br/>I would highly recommend this book if you like a good depressing story because this book will definitely get to you. But, if depressing books aren't your thing, you should probably steer clear of this one.
Well-written and riveting.  I was quickly caught up in the mystery and found this book impossible to put down. The ending was perhaps a little too neat but this is the best mystery I've read this year.
Celeste Ng's debut novel skillfully limns the contours of a loving, high-achieving family whose members steadfastly refuse to communicate with each other about, well, pretty much anything. Matters come to a head with the death of daughter Lydia, which is not a spoiler since the first sentence of the book is "Lydia is dead." As the narrative surges between past and present--"present" being 1977, the year of Lydia's demise--we get to know each member of the Lee family in excruciating detail. Patriarch James, a highly educated Chinese-American, hates being different; his Caucasian wife Marilyn longs to be exceptional. Eldest child Nathan so wishes to slip the surly bonds of his family that he yearns to be an astronaut; youngest child Hannah is so overlooked that she seems a whisper of a child, stealing keepsakes from her family members that stand in for the attention she never receives. And then there is middle daughter Lydia, on whom all parental hopes and ambitions weigh like a cloak of boulders. For James, she is the one who will fit in; for Marilyn, Lydia will be the doctor she herself never was. So Lydia works hard in school, perfectly camouflaging the fact that she has no friends and doesn't understand physics. Her utter misery is one of a host of secrets her parents never suspect.<br/><br/>The characters are beautifully rendered, and the narrative unfolds with grace and assurance. Highly recommended.
The Cover of This Book Broke a little bit. Not happy about this because I read this book in my Kindle before and it is my favorite one. The book is the type of the books that I am keeping looking for.
Lydia's death is the catalyst for an examination into the workings of a relatively dysfunctional family in the 70's. Well paced and written, with excellent character development, I enjoyed this story.
Celeste Ng's novel is a cross section of a family in crisis.  Using an omnipotent point of view that allows the reader to know the thoughts of each member of the family, she reveals the emotional state of the Lee family prior to and following the unexpected death of sixteen year old Lydia, the middle child.  Her depiction of family dynamics is chillingly accurate.  She captures numerous details in a nuanced way including the isolation one can feel in a family, ways that ideas are communicated wordlessly, misunderstandings and assumptions.<br/><br/>Ms. Ng's prose made this a satisfying read with sentences so alive they practically flew off the page.  I also enjoyed her slow reveal of how decisions that the parents made affected the three children, Nathan, Lydia and Hannah.  All the characters were well drawn with emotions and desires that I could understand and relate to.  Each of the characters is flawed yet also deeply sympathetic.<br/><br/>I also found her descriptions of prejudices inflicted on visible minorities and children from interracial marriage to be accurate for the time period of the book.<br/><br/>If I had one criticism to make, it would be that the ending seemed a bit too neat.  In real life, we are rarely provided with complete explanations.  I don't expect that in books either.  However, this is a minor point.<br/><br/>I was impressed that this was a first novel.
The book is excellent but very sad.  I usually do not choose to read this type of story.  This one I bought only because it was rated as the top choice by every person on Amazon's panel of experts.
Reading this book and wandering if it was written for teens, young adults...pretty juvenile writing style and somewhat shallow with lots of stereotypes.  Interesting premise.
Recommended! I found the exposition in the second chapter a bit slow, but otherwise a wonderful story and so very well told. I will certainly read more by Ng in the future.
Celeste Ng is a genius with complex human emotions and relationships.  This books deals with heart rending pain from the different angles of a family torn apart seemingly by the tragic death of a child.  However as the book delves into each family member's reaction to the death we see that this family was actually fractured long before the death occurred.  The real beauty of this book is that the raw, ragged pain leads to a deeper understanding and healthier love.  It also shows that love while real can also be wounding to another when misunderstood or misplaced in its emphasis on the wrong things.  I could not do justice to this book no matter how glowing of a review I write.  You just have to see for yourself.  One word of caution:  This is an extremely painful book to read and I could hardly bare to turn each page to read more as tears streamed down my face and yet at the same time I couldn't stop reading because I had to know more of WHY?  The whys and yes I do mean plural, grow more and more painful and yet the ending of this book is so beautiful that when I finished reading the book I thought, "Well done Ms Ng!" and wanted to give her a standing ovation as more tears streamed down my face.
Ms. Ng's novel digs into the heart of mid-century America, the pressure for conformity, the alienation of those who don't quite fit. The Lees should be a perfect family. The husband, James, is a Harvard Ph.D.securely employed in a prestigious tenured professorship. The wife, Marilyn, is attractive, intelligent, Radcliffe educated, the daughter of a Home Ec teacher. The children are obedient, polite, studious, healthy. Yet they're not perfect, not at all. James is Chinese-American, Marilyn an Anglo daughter of Virginia. They live in suburban Ohio, not bad, but not embracing either. They're enveloped in layers of class and racial alienation that corrode their love for one another. They've been worn emotionally raw with the gentle friction of unfulfilled dreams, of the crushed vanities of people too intelligent, too sensitive to live on the back shelf of mediocrity.<br/><br/>This is an intimate book that reveals the family in painful detail, that peels back the various layers of alienation and disappointment, that explores the gentle, unintentional cruelties of parents who try to live vicariously through their children. It's written in graceful prose, delicately structured, profoundly true.
Best novel I've read in years.  Sad but very believable characters.  Many layers of family dynamics explored.  Really makes you think about the power of family secrets.
It was one of the most thought provoking books that I have read in years.  It makes one realize how important it is to communicate your thoughts with your loved ones.
Can't stop once started reading. The book make me think about how parents nowadays need to adjust their parenting and communication approach to better raise the kids.
This is a beautiful, emotional story of family dynamics and dysfunction.  Finely detailed characters, well written.  Sad, but ultimately hopeful.  Highly recommended.
A very quiet and sad book, it is extremely well written.  The author examines what can happen to a family when one tries not to rock the boat or hurt feelings.  Instead, one becomes a people pleaser and a secret keeper.  It's a story about the harm in emotionally protecting those you love.  Perhaps a parent tries to push a child down a road they themselves didn't take, or a parent tries to instill values they feel are missing in themselves.  Perhaps a child desperately doesn't want to lose the love of their parent so they will do and say anything to please this parent.  Or perhaps a child is so tired of being silenced they just want to get away.<br/><br/>Though this particular story takes place in the late 1970s, it could really take place anytime and anywhere.  The parents could be of any race or nationality or gender, the children could be of any age.  Hiding hurt feelings is universal.  Living and abiding by parental expectations and promises transcends time.  Characters will definitely be able to identify people from their own lives in this book.  So sad, so quiet, so painful, and yet so beautiful.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Reminds us all of the importance of communication in the family. The characters were all realistic and genuine. Recommend it highly!
The book was OK - I read it quickly, so it definitely held my interest.  But it was depressing and the characters were very unlikable, so I wuldn't recommend it.
Well written interesting story line.....intricacies of family dynamics and how it affects each family member.  Generation to generation something's never change.
I really liked the development of the characters, story line, and the climax.  The motivation for the main character's final actions was a bit confusing to me.
Beautifully written. Each character is made real and you come to sympathize with and care for each of them. You step into their lives and see each perspective.
Keeps you gripped to the story. Heartbreaking on many levels. Characters are developed well and story is compelling. Can't wait for more novels by the author.
Everything I Never Told you, by Celeste Ng<br/><br/>It's early in the year, but I am declaring Ng's debut novel as my favorite book of 2014. It's a novel I will be an evangelist for: one of those rare reading experiences that captures you and refuses to release you. "Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet". These two sentences begin the exploration of loss, familial love, parental expectations, sibling relationships, and most of all miscommunication. These two sentences encompass that feeling everyone has when tragedy strikes...what was I doing when the unthinkable happened? Those sweet moments of ignorance before reality settles in and the world turns upside down. I mistakenly thought I was reading a mystery. No, this book is so much more.<br/><br/>Set in Ohio during the mid-1970's, Everything I Never Told You, examines the upper middle-class lives of the Chinese -American Lee family. Following the death of favored middle child, 16 year Lydia, Ng explores the seismic chasm that threatens to tear the loving family asunder.<br/><br/>Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant.<br/>Highly recommended!
“Everything I Never Told You” is a quick read, yet touches on many complex issues involving society, relationships, and the ripple effect that words and actions can have on individual lives. This is the story of the interracial Lee family in the 1970s dealing with expectations, disappointment, and the willful, delicate act of raising children.<br/><br/>The teenage daughter and middle child of Marilyn and David Lee, Lydia has disappeared from her room and is found drowned in the local pond. As they struggle to come to terms with Lydia's death, the family begins to crumble under the weight of their loss. Lydia’s parents and her two siblings each had a special connection with her, and thus, each feels they have the key to the mystery of what happened that night at the pond.<br/><br/>The author, Celeste Ng, makes us aware of how our own words and actions, or lack thereof, can be consequential no matter how insignificant we believe them to be. Ng also reminds us that not every puzzle can be solved. We assign answers to queries for our own comfort, however, the truth is not always what we have deduced.
I am of mixed race. I am African-American and French. Childlike, I never considered for a moment that people of other ethnic groups would have experiences so similar to mine. This book altered my perception of life in the world. Very few books effect such a profound reaction. It reminded me that we are more alike than we are different and made me want widen out in my circle of friends. I do know some individuals who are also of mixed race but living in a diverse state like California is a completely different experience.  Diversity is the norm here. It was different when we lived in Minnesota. It was different when I lived for two years in Arkansas, where I felt like a creature on display.<br/>I also felt kinship with the author's feeling that we are all, ultimately, alone, subject to small misunderstandings that become oceans that divide us. Beautifully written, incredibly insightful. Misunderstanding layered on misunderstanding. Reality, painful as it can be. I want to read everything she writes. I want to invite her to my home for lunch and have a conversation. I enjoyed this book immensely.
I read this book on a flight from Paris to New York and was thoroughly engaged for the entire 8 hours.  Loved the characters and the writing was beautiful.
Expected a better ending to the story?  Very dissatisfied with what was left unsaid.  More dialogue needed from jack.  Won't buy another book from author.
This story will stay with you long after you have finished reading it.<br/><br/>The first two sentences ("Lydia is dead.  But they don't know this yet.") provide the launching point for Ng to delve into the dynamics of Lydia's family.  In addition to the societal challenges faced by a multicultural family in the 1960's and 70's, there is the larger issue of parental expectations and the resultant dysfunction that this can cause if unchecked.<br/><br/>Ng's descriptions ring so true, I felt I was intruding...listening/watching something painfully private.<br/><br/> One wonders what happens to Lydia's family going forward.
Reading Everything I Never Told You is like observing  the most intimate moments of a family's life.  Their hopes, dreams, disappointments and expectations.<br/><br/>How many parents plan their children's lives without realizing  the damage it causes.  Expecting their children to fulfill their own past dreams.<br/><br/>How many children go along with the "play" just to keep peace?  Pushing their own goals and feelings down.<br/><br/>Celeste Ng made the characters so believable that I sincerely cared about their feelings, flaws, triumphs, mistakes, - Everything - down to what they wanted for breakfast.<br/><br/>There is  a surprise character, Jack, (not in the Lee family) who earns my admiration and respect.<br/><br/>Ng's similes are poetry.  I re-read most several times because they are so beautiful. I plan on re-reading the whole book.<br/><br/>I hope Celeste Ng continues to write .  She's a gifted author.
This book was quietly numbing and shockingly raw. A good read for any who have had similar feelings of overwhelming sense of duty. Be free little doves.
Well, if you like to read sad, depressing books, even though they are well written, this would be a good one.to read.  Obviously this author needed to get something off her chest, some of her own feelings about what she has experienced of "feeling"different as a biracial Asian.  I guess others have written about being "different" because of living with all types of psychological consequences while growing up.  Frankly, it gets a little boring after awhile because practically all families are dysfunctional  and present numerous situations causing children to feel different.  Now days, a bi-racial Asian child with blue eyes would probably be excited to stand out in a crowd considering how kids are now, like day-glow green and pink hair with tattoos everywhere, no point in talking about body piercings.  It is time, after all it is 2015, to get over being different when being different is really what everyone really wants inside & out.  So I hope this author gets over all this crap and moves on with her life.  3 stars because the writing is good even though the subject matter is self absorbed.
this is one of my best reads of 2014 ! i really don't read much fiction, but this was really worth it ! celeste ng writes beautifully and this book somehow reminded me of "the god of small things" by arundhuti bose. they both have sad beginnings which unfold fully towards the end and are both very well written. unlike bose, celeste does not play with the language at all, but the narrative is terrific. i tried to pause a few times and analyse what is so good about her writing, but it there is nothing apparent. its just the way ng looks at things. the book is about a mixed american - chinese couple and their three kids ; and at the foreground is the death of one their daughters; but the book is also about how difficult it is for an oriental to fit into white society ( and i guess any society) ; about parents who can't look beyond their baggage ; about how difficult it is for children growing up in such homes. the story is not very complex, and so ng creates the space to develop all the characters very well. its a haunting book !! looking forward to celeste's next one
This book involves a family of mixed cultures, Asian and Caucasian.  More importantly, it is a story of high minded aspirations and expectations that are dumped down on the children and horizontally to each spouse.  No one ever speaks directly about what they want or need. Through their actions, the parents signal very clearly what they want and expect of their children.<br/><br/>As time goes by, the weight of these unspoken demands heavily effects each member of the family, particularly the oldest Daughter and the Son.<br/>This book feels like a REAL tale of a very REAL family and the lives they live. It is told in a genuine, sincere, quiet way.  The author writes honestly, poignantly.  I got the sense that some of book draws from her own experiences.<br/><br/>The first sentence of this book will knock you out.  The plot and the character development are nuanced and spectacular.  This is a very thoughtful book, full of insight about the way parents have hopes and the way children try fulfill or fight those hopes.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book and its author.
I liked the book and think it's pretty engaging.  I'd recommend it for book club, which is this months book club choice for my neighborhood book club.
A beautifully written novel, capturing a family's shifting kaleidoscope of dashed dreams and inherited hopes. Unexpectedly uplifting even in tragedy.
Well done.  Jumps around a bit chronologically, but a quick easy read well worth the time.  Speaks to family, ethnicity, maturation quite poignantly.
Celest Ng's life journey hasn't been an easy one: she was shunned by her step-mother her entire life, and that woman's appearance in the family when Ng and her four siblings were relatively young divided the family and created suspicion.  The woman's thirst for control and power eventually wore down even Ng's father, and he died a pauper after his wife stripped him and his children of his entire fortune.<br/><br/>Ng did have a kind aunt who advocated for her, and made sure she had a solid education.  This translated to a Western education in medicine, and comfortable lifestyle in southern California, but not happiness, something Ng pursues throughout the book, hoping her stepmother will at some point admit her love for her stepchildren.  However, the stepmother goes ahead and disowns her one real daughter, and loses the other child, a boy, to a careless mistake, after spoiling them in childhood.<br/><br/>The first part of the book, Ng's childhood, takes place in China, and later in Hong Kong when the family becomes prosperous and moves there.
I have to admit I'm a little surprised that this was named best book of the year by Amazon. There were some thing about this book that were very well done, but it was not without flaws.<br/><br/>I felt that the writing itself was just okay. When I pick up something that has been named best book of the year, I expect to be marveled at the author's use of the English language. I expect to be stopped in my tracks while reading because of a particularly evocative image. There weren't any moments like that in this book for me. The writing is actually very plain, and I felt that some of the descriptions didn't add anything to the story.<br/><br/>It also seemed like perhaps it could have gone a bit deeper. The ending seemed a bit too convenient and it just felt unfinished.<br/><br/>What I did enjoy was the multi-faceted characters, whose motivations were clearly revealed to the reader and yet so tragically misunderstood by the other characters. This book is a heartbreaking examples of how lingering misapprehensions and unspoken desires can tear a family apart.
This story was immature. I couldn't find 1 character to like.  Can't believe this won book of the year. Book was geared towards 14 year old girls.
The books starts off with the Lee family having breakfast wondering why Lydia is late to come downstairs not knowing their young daughter is already dead-drowned in the nearby lake. Only in the wake in Lydia's death does her family realize how little they knew her. The girl who seemingly couldn't put the phone down for hours was listening to a dial tone talking to herself . Ashamed to let her family known how hard it is for her to fit in and how lonely she is after they have pushed her so hard to be popular. Her mother who was always good at science and wanted to be a doctor pushes Lydia to take all the advanced science classes doesn't realize her "mini me" has to cheat in order to live up to her mothers expectations because no matter how hard she tries she doesn't understand the material. To her younger sister Hannah who receives no attention from her parents and her older brother Nathan who is the space geek with no friends Lydia has always been the apple of her parents eyes but she is buckling under the unwanted attention.
I love to read not only for the story but for the structure of the author’s sentences and how they come together to create beautiful pictures in my mind. Ng has done this so very well in this book. I often read books that are soon forgotten, but I will not forget this one. The characters each have a heavy soul feeling that they are different and not accepted by their society, or in the case of the mother very malcontent with her life’s choice.. Her mother warned her that she should not marry someone of a different culture and that her children would suffer for their mixed race. This is a story of prejudice, inferiority complexes and being forced to be someone because of parents’ expectations their child. The reader becomes absorbed in each character and has emotional feelings toward each one, but I had the strongest feelings for the children, perhaps because I teach children and feel deeply for some who have painful family lives. You will not have lukewarm feelings about this novel. Enjoy and identify feelings brought to mind.
EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU<br/><br/>Such a sad book; talk about a dysfunctional family, if you read this book, you will meet them in all of their glory.<br/><br/>It's the 1970's, small town Ohio, a mixed marriage, so to speak, an American girl, Marilyn, falls in love with her Chinese professor, James Lee. The two marry and have children. The book refers quite often to how the marriage is frowned upon since it is a 'mixed marriage' and how the entire family is looked down upon and ridiculed based solely on the fact of their mixed cultures.<br/><br/>Marilyn and James have three children, Lydia, Nath, and Hannah. Lydia is their golden girl, their prized child, and everyone -- especially the kids -- are well aware of this. Both Marilyn and James live vicariously through poor Lydia -- James wants Lydia to be the total opposite of him, being popular, happy, included in everything socially. Marilyn wants Lydia to be the thing Marilyn never achieved -- become a doctor. Both parents push all of these burdens onto ... Read more
About<br/>A family  in trouble I think everyone who has family will relatet.to this  book once I started it I could not put it down  Great read
Dark and depressing.
This was an amazing first book.  Little details all connected in the end and I couldn't put it down.<br/>Celeste Ng is a fantastic new writer.
Celeste Ng writes a magical and haunting novel about a cross-cultural family in 1970s Ohio. Reminiscent of The Lovely Bones, Gone Girl, The Virgin Suicides, and the film The Ice Storm, this book tells of a tragedy that strikes the Lee family when their 16 year old daughter Lydia goes missing one morning. Ng so effortlessly weaves in the backstory of the Lee parents, a cross-cultural couple that encounters prejudice both within their family and at Harvard, where the couple meets. Things are no better in small-town Ohio, where they move in the late 1950s.<br/><br/>After Lydia goes missing and her body turns up in the lake, the police rule it a suicide. But Lydia's family's is determined to search for clues to find out what really happened. A loss of a loved one can tear apart a family, and Celeste Ng shows just how this happens. The story moves quickly and there was so much suspense that I had to stop reading it at night when the rest of my family was asleep. It's not horror-movie scary, but ... Read more
I thought this would have more of a mystery to it.  Very depressing story of a racially blended family that results in tragedy after tragedy.
Quite depressing I have to say.  I kept waiting for something positive to happen to someone, to anyone in this book; alas, it never happened.
I was not in love with this Book. I read it with my Book Club, which is comprised of  10 members.  2 men in there 20's and 8 women between 30-50.  Not one of us was happy with the book.<br/>This is not to say the writer didn't write beautifully, because she did, she just never actually reached a point. It felt as though she would start going in a direction with the story, and just as you got on board with her, it would't go anywhere.<br/><br/>The best way I can describe it, it that, it was a story that never really landed.<br/><br/>We discussed it tirelessly and even all researched interviews with the Author to get her perspective, including the Q & A in the back of the book, but even her answers to questions were incredibly vague, if not the question itself.<br/><br/>We picked it up based on the reviews and NY Times Best Seller status but can't imagine how 10 intelligent people couldn't figure out what the writer's point was.<br/><br/>If someone can clarify, please feel free to contact me.
This book is very well written, but is a story that is truly depressing. I when I finally got the ending, I was glad to be finished.
This is a great read, it takes you through all the viewpoints, each character being revealed along the way.  I would recommend to everyone!
I liked everything about the book, except that the peripheral characters were left rather undeveloped. We know just enough about them for them to fit into the story, but little enough that the book felt somewhat like a controlled experiment, more than a complete model of family and character.<br/><br/>It would have been interesting to know the background of Louisa, whether she experienced the same alienation that James did, why she is drawn towards James in the first place? It would have been nice to know more about Jack, why he fails his class despite his mother being clearly smart and confident.<br/><br/>This lack of development of peripheral characters is the only reason this book did not hit the 5 mark for me, though I would have gave it a 4.5 had amazon allowed that. The parts of the story that Celeste Ng did decide to develop is gripping and touching. I finished the book in three days because it really did make me want to find out why Lydia died. Overall this is a great book.
If you could sum up Everything I Never Told You in three words, what would they be?<br/>Tragic. Gripping. Amazing.<br/><br/>What other book might you compare Everything I Never Told You to and why?<br/>Nothing comes to mind right away. I think I am still raw from the experience.<br/><br/>Which character – as performed by Cassandra Campbell – was your favorite?<br/>Hannah. I felt that she brought all the innocence and fear of the youngest child who was trying to get a grip on everything around her, and eventually sees more than anybody else realizes.<br/><br/>Did you have an extreme reaction to this book? Did it make you laugh or cry?<br/>My wife just lost her 18-year-old son (diabetes) and so listening to the mental processes being played out from each person at the loss of Lydia was rough at times.<br/><br/>Any additional comments?<br/>A wonderful story that also shows how far we have come and have yet to come when race is considered in the shaping of this nation.
"Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet."<br/><br/>Uhhhh.... didn't I read this story 10+ years ago? Wasn't it called The Lovely Bones?<br/><br/>That was my first thought upon diving into this novel, and the answer to both my questions are a resounding NO!<br/><br/>Books that shift perspective between characters are always among my favorite, and it was fascinating to dive into the psyches of those Lydia left behind, as they (and we) attempt to learn more about Lydia by looking inward and learning more about themselves. The Lovely Bones was original and well-written, but not something I've ever felt compelled to read again (the awful movie version didn't help things on that front). The characters here are so well-drawn out (even the deceased Lydia), and their actions invoke such a beautiful variety of feelings, that this is a book I could return to and still enjoy just as much as the first time.
Finished the book, finally. At first it was pretty good but it got kind of depressing toward the end. I can't really recommend this book.
After the death of their daughter, the Lee family goes through absolute hell in dealing with their loss. And as both police and family try to piece together details of Lydia's passing, the reader is left with many questions: How did she die? Who was at fault? Did Lydia want to die, and had she given up?<br/><br/>Celeste Ng weaves a story complete with flashbacks of James & Marilyn's first meeting, their marriage, their successes and failures. And over time, pieces of the puzzle slowly take shape. At first glance, you might think that Marilyn is living her life through her daughter, and pushing her too hard to fulfill her own dreams. By the end of the novel, the picture is clear: you'll never expect the ending.<br/><br/>A tale of heartache, overcoming grief, and how to move on, this book gets one of my few 5/5 scores. Don't skip Everything I Never Told You. Grab a copy and a comfortable chair and clear out your afternoon. You won't be able to stop after the page one.
"Everything I Never Told You," by Celeste Ng chronicles the lives of a Chinese-American family after the death of their favorite daughter, Lydia, whom they believed would be the answer to all of their unfulfilled dreams. James Lee is a professor and Chinese-American man. His father worked as a janitor at the private school that Lee attended, so he could ensure his child got an education. James is the first Chinese-American to lecture at one Ivy League school. Marilyn, a white American, is a college drop out that wanted to become a doctor.<br/><br/>At the beginning, readers already know that Lydia is dead, but the investigation into her murder is basically about the kind of life Lydia led, and her state of happiness. It also reveals the underlying issues affecting the Lee family.<br/><br/>This book, to me, was a revealing portrait of the issues that many immigrant (and even families who are American and minority) face within this country. An excellent book.
It was not a book that I could not put down.....mixed feelings about the story....would not be one that I would keep and read again.....
I wanted to like this book and considering how quickly I read it, would have expected to give it a higer rating. The structure is solid, the plot moves forward and backwards around the central event withouth ever losing the thread and the prose is pretty and well-crafted.  At its core, however, most of the characters are one-dimensional. Inside each character's head and watching their actions, the mother and father especially are monotone and obsessed; it's hard to believe they hang together as long as is depicted in the story and this is the false note.<br/><br/>Having said that, I'm glad I read it - the novel does a great job depicting the feeling of being "the other" in society, the loneliness it generates and how it can twist your behavior and perceptions. The burden of family expectations is a good topic, however it's handled in a ham-fisted way, message received loud and clear! I'd recommend this for book clubs for the conversation it will generate.
There were way too many dysfunctional characters and relationships in this novel. In the end neither they nor the plot were convincing.
I thought the plot of the book was a quick grab when a much loved child goes missing.  The story line does not focus so much on the missing child but the intricacies in the relationships of the remaining family left in the wake of this event.  The missed opportunities of the parents have always been  projected on the offspring to satisfy the feelings of loss and emptiness that the adults experience.  The children in the story are grappling to find their own paths amid expectations that they can't even begin to understand.  Underneath the trauma of the pressures that lead to the crux of the story; ultimately there is a role each member plays at all cost to keep their family together.  In the complexity of what family means in today's society I think inside we all want to cling to and want to belong someplace where we feel unconditionally accepted despite all we are and are not.<br/>It's not a very deep read or a long read but insightful into family dynamics.
Ultimately a story of vulnerable love, with haunting resonances for families and family members who are stereotypically perceived (and shunned), Celest Ng's debut novel is both beautiful and devastating--although there are lights of truth and hope in the way the story ends. The weaving of stories between generations adds depth to the characters' lives and invites readers to see connections between their parents' coming-of-age stories and their own upbringing. I appreciated how the narrative looked back into the past and then, at times, looked at how the present would later be seen. The ending has enough closure to make the novel satisfying but enough left open to ring true to the reality of what a death such as this does to a family. It is a lovely and complex story, and worth taking time to notice what might otherwise not capture the attention, as Hannah, the younger daughter, represents--and does. A lovely book, one that will stay with me a long while.
The book is well written, but the mood is so melancholy throughout.  It reminds dead me of how I felt when I read The Virgin Suicides.
This is a true to life story of those who tried to do what was expected of them and didn't have the trust or courage to be themselves.
Well, that was quite possibly the most depressing book I've ever read. I think liked it? I don't know, I'm too sad to tell right now.
It's overdone.  Too many things, too many weird family and friends.  I really couldn't stand the mother.  It's a very fast easy read.
It's okay. That's the star I would choose for this book. I ordered it as one of my recommended books (according to Amazon) and it sounded interesting--the story of a family living in the Midwest whose daughter mysteriously dies, how that affects each member of the family, what comes after, and what came before. The family is mixed--the father Chinese and the mother a white Southerner who gave up her career aspirations when she became a wife and mother. The struggles of dealing with a social structure that only grudgingly accepts them, if that, are explored. The daughter who died seemed to have it all going for her, but it turns out she was pressured in opposite directions by her father and mother, who could not communicate. All this is expounded through the different points of view, but I never got a feel for these characters. They seemed barely fleshed out. I didn't believe them so I simply plowed through this book, feeling I had to finish it.
I went into this book not fully knowing what to expect, and boy was I surprised. For a first novel, Celeste Ng did an amazing job portraying the characters and displaying the complex relationships that helped shape them as individuals. The pressures of trying to meet expectations and fit in within a primarily white community are challenges all the characters seem to be facing in one way or another. For each member of the Lee family, the combination of coping with Lydia's death and wanting to know what happened puts a major strain on them, and they all choose to deal with it in different ways.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book to others. Personally, I feel as though I haven't read a book quite like it before. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I feel as though the ending for some of the characters were lacking. Even another page or so would have would have given just enough to tie up things much better for these few characters.
The story of a family in turmoil grabbed my attention immediately and held it throughout the book. The interpretations of someone's words or body language can be in error and "Everything I Never Told You" is rife with misinterpretations. Ng writes so that I knew both the thoughts of each character as well as how the person who was being addressed understood or misunderstood what was being said. The setting of a small college town in 1970s Ohio and how the Lee children were the only Amerasians in the community made for a tense thriller. My sympathies were with all of the characters because Ng developed them so well. The reader learns how both parents became the person they did and how their self perceived successes and failures had an effect on the three children. The mystery is an unusual one and the principal suspect's motive leads to an unusual conclusion. I am happy my book club chose this book for us. I highly recommend it to you.
Although it's well written,this book has left me wondering why this family of ungrateful, selfish people was worth my time.
This book started out as a page turner, but went on and on and on. I couldn't wait to finish the darn book just to get it behind me.
When reading a novel, I usually come to like something about the characters which allows me to become interested in the events of their lives.  Not so with this book and these characters.  It seemed to me that there was nothing interesting or good about any of these main characters.  The parents ignore their other children to concentrate on the one child.  Both the mother and father seemed so self-absorbed and mean-spirited at times, ignoring how their children were feeling in their own home.  This wasn't just a dysfunctional family; this was NOT a family at all.  I also didn't feel there was any character development --- none of the characters gained knowledge or evolved in any way throughout the book, and thus, their story left me cold and disengaged.<br/>This has to be one of the most depressing novels I have ever read - be forewarned that although the writing is good, the story that was written weighs you down from start to finish.
The tragic consequences of a family's inability to communicate with one another - beautifully written, compelling and devastating.
This is the best book I've read this year, a beautifully written story that explores the inner lives of all five members of a Chinese American family and some of its neighbors and friends in 1970s Ohio.  They are the only "Orientals" (all American-born) in this small town where everybody, including this family, thinks they know everything about everybody. As the talented author carefully explores the themes of identity and personality, thwarted ambition and hidden secrets, it becomes apparent that nobody knows anything about anybody.  There is a moral to this story: pay close attention to the things your family and friends are trying to say, even if they never tell you explicitly.  Gorgeous prose, a captivating story, and an inspirational message, a true five-star book that will make you consider carefully before handing out other five-star ratings.
I plowed through Celeste Ng's "Everything I Never Told You."  Each of the five main characters is complex and unique, experiencing racism, expectations, and the inevitability of failure in their own very personal ways.  The writing is fluid and varied without becoming overwrought.  The novel is painfully honest: families have secrets, some of them grave, and on occasion we lie to ourselves to the point where we can't even remember the truth.  The discussions of race and gender were thought-provoking and near flawless.<br/><br/>My one problem with the novel is its Harvard fetish.  It's likely inspired by Ng's own years at the Boston institution, but has long become cliche, as if the only people worth writing about are those associated with the Ivies.  I found, though, this to be one truly boring part of the novel; otherwise, it was a witty, sad, and heartbreaking page turner that captured me from the first page.
When I finished this book, I looked back and thought, "This is a family who needs therapy".  I'm not a therapist, but clearly each generation in the Lee's family had been damaged, and that damage was perpetrated upon succeeding generations. The character who earned my deepest sympathy was the youngest child, Hannah, who was left in the dark concerning all the long-held secrets in the family that were never talked about.  I felt that a number of the characters wallowed in self-pity - they never thought they were "good enough" and they didn't have supportive family members who could guide them.  I especially felt this to be true of Lydia's parents.<br/><br/>We all have family secrets and dysfunctions that we would rather not talk about, but the Lee family carried it to extremes. To read a book with better defined characters who must face the loss of a child, I highly recommend "The Lovely Bones".
Beautifully written, and a compelling narrative. I highly recommend Ms. Ng's novel, and look forward to reading more of her work.
Well written, but I just got so tired of these self absorbed people and all their problems not being honest with each other.
Don't read if you want uplifting. No real plot just one sad depressed family that struggles through their life in every way.
The book was compelling from the perspective of how people's lives and relationships can change because of lack of communication, misconceptions, rash decisions and selfish motivations.  It gives you lots to think about as you consider how each person thinks and what you would have done at different points in your life had you been put in the same situations.  The author also give the reader an opportunity to look at prejudice and how what you think, say or do can change someone's life.  You also get a look at how cultural and societal expectations influence your thinking.<br/><br/>We don't live separate lives as most people think.  What we do, say & think impacts the lives of others because we are all connected to each other...even to past generations.  This is may be a novel, but it can keep you thinking about the characters as though they were real.  It's worth your time to read.
We're told in the very first sentence of this book that Lydia is dead.  It takes time for the family to discover this before her body is found in the lake.  It's fairly evident that this isn't a mystery.  We're taken into the story of Marilyn and James, and just how they met, married, and raised a family of three, Lydia being the middle and favored child.  Each family member has his or her story, but Lydia of course is the central one as we slowly follow her life.<br/><br/>This is a beautifully told book and it's one you are very likely to remember for a long time.  The characters are fully fleshed, warts and all.  These certainly aren't perfect people, but they are good enough, well-meaning enough, that we remain concerned with them.  I heartily recommend this, considering it one of the best I've read this year.
This was February's bookclub selection. It was the story of a mixed race family in the 60s and 70s. As a Black woman I usually think black-white when i think of mixed race. It was interesting for me to see the issues surrounding an Asian-Caucasian marriage. The Asian husband wanted desperately to fit in the Caucasian wife wanted desperately to stand out. These competing desires wreak havoc on each of them and their 3 children.<br/>This book is well written with well developed characters. This is one of the few times where I really liked a book while simultaneously not liking any of the characters. They were all so deeply flawed that it was difficult to read at times. Definitely not a light read. Instead it's a haunting look at family dysfunction and how it all falls apart following a devastating loss.<br/>I highly recommend this book for book clubs - made for excellent discussion.
**I enjoyed the book very much.  It did make me consider the sometimes unrealistic expectations we devise for our children.
Thought provoking read for me as a new parent. A sad story, but the characters have great depth and offer raw perspectives.
Celeste Ng (a talented childhood friend of my own son) has masterfully and gracefully written an unforgettable debut novel with carefully crafted and realistic characters that a reader cares about, and complete with poignantly described scenes. The novel achingly opens with these words: "Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet..."  The reader then shares the devastating grief that overcome family members, friends and the community as they attempt to sort out the truth behind 16-year old honor student Lydia Lee's death. This is a work of deftly painted words and I savored each and every one as each character questioned the reasons and the mystery behind Lydia's disappearance and drowning. This is a wonderful first novel, astute and poetic as it openly explores issues of ethnic and cultural identity of Asians in the 1970's and a family's emotionally scarred wounds.
This is a story of pain. Of a family searching for answers. Of growing. Growing up. Growing apart. Growing into one's own.
A very good book, but with some weaknesses.  The story is well wrought with the unlayering of understanding of each family member's fears and aspirations.  The structure keeps the reader interested as a fuller picture of Lydia comes to light. Generally well written, but the parents are drawn as very one dimensional characters.  Neither seems to really grow or change much in their self-awareness or out of their self-centeredness during their adult lives until the very end. Too much emphasis is placed on the tensions of being an interracial family that I dont believe would have such a central presence in everyday family life.  (I say this as a caucasian women with a husband of Asian descent and biracial children and I do not live in a major metropolitan area.) The father works in academia - a place where interracial marriage would be more common than in many walks of life.
Interesting story about people who cannot communicate with one another and the consequences of their non action or words.
This was a good look into family functionality and the ever changing dynamics of it. All people will certainly be able to relate to this theme, but I enjoyed the racial slant as well, as this was something new to me. This isn't a gripping novel, it rarely stuns or drastically moves you, but it is very well written and the characters and their experiences feel very real. Really enjoyed the way that each family member's perspective was given and how it didn't take away from the flow of the story at all. At the center is obviously the death of a family member, but by the time you get to the conclusion of the actual story behind the death, it's almost as if you've already figured it out for yourself, and the pieces are already put together in your head. Maybe not the most thrilling way to write a story, but I really enjoyed it; everything fit together really well.
This book kept my interest from beginning to end. A well written book that was hard to put down and sorry to see it end.
This book was haunting and beautifully describes how complicated family relationships can be It broke my heart a little.
This book is well written and shows incredible sensitivity. The mixed marriage issue and mindset of Chinese immigrants wanting to fit in, and their perception by the population in earlier years is heart wrenching. However, I refuse to believe that a whole family manages to live side by side (literally), without the occasional outburst and communication whatsoever, which is what eventually lead to the tragic outcome so eloquently portrayed. The fact that the family is half Chinese is of course the reason for the internalization of any feelings, but the mother should have been more aware of her husband's and children's anguish, had she not been so very preoccupied with her own. I can understand the Chinese father being closed off (due to his cultural heritage), but the whole family?!<br/>Life has hard edges. This story, while very well told, is too smooth.
Loved it- start to finish.  I couldn't put it down- and when I did all I thought about was when I could get back to it.
This book was well written and the story drew me in, so perhaps it is unfair to give it three stars.  But it's really bleak...basically sad all the way through without an ounce of humor and very little optimism.  Not even tear jerker sad...just depressing.  It made me think about raising my own daughters -- how important it is to constantly be checking yourself to make sure you are not raising them to have the life you didn't, because that isn't necessarily what everyone wants.  It was a really impressive debut novel. It won't be a waste of your time to read and you will be "entertained" but I don't love depressing books (thought All the Light We Cannot See is one of my favorite books ever (yes, ever) and it can be argued that it is quite depressing, too. But there is beauty and hope and glimpses of light in that one.  This one, not so much.)
Excellent read.  Very readable with a lovely style and expression of writing.  Focus on family dynamics very engaging.
Read this book in book club. Tragic story but worth reading because of how important communication is within a family.
I found this  book morose, but in all fairness I felt the same way about Wally Lamb's book "She's Come Undone"
Celeste Ng weaves words and images so well that i felt as if I were a member of the Lee family. This story depicts the effects of prejudice and makes me wonder if this family's tragedy really happened. Could an entire town be so cruel? The physics ' quote. " for every action there is an equal reaction" is played out over and over in each character's life.  The author weaves themes of communication, loneliness, betrayal, and prejudice to illustrate how love can be twisted and lives ruined. The Lee family could be any family, except they are an interracial family.  The children react to their parents ' issues much like any children would, never really understanding the real issues. It is only the death of the oldest daughter that brings healing. Highly recommended
So disappointed....I had fully anticipated from reading other reviews to have a thoughtful novel unfold.  However, the characters are one-dimensional and the plot is quite predictable.  The adult characters are unable (unwilling?) to engage in self-examination beyond their overly simplified and set notions of themselves, and have such limited capacities for noticing others.  They are completely lacking in empathy for others--especially their own children.  Poor little Hannah!  I kept having the urge to notify the DCF authorities and report the parents for neglect.  All of this could make for a good story, however it is so bleak that it is painful to read. I did keep reading (despite the total bummer of a mood it put me in) thinking that the author would rescue herself and the book.  However, that did not happen.  A total waste of time.
You feel for the characters. You feel their sadness and you wish you could tell them all everything they never said.
This is an amazing and extremely well written book. I am shocked by how well written this is, especially considering that this is her first book! I love that I was immediately drawn in, and had such a difficult time putting it down. I don't think that I can ever write any kind of expression the way that Celeste Ng has... The sheer talent this woman has is beyond amazing and I'm excite about her next book.<br/><br/>I know that everybody has a story, and it's unfortunate that some people are judged as quickly as they are, to have to go through such a dramatic experience, and even just living in daily life with such an enormous  amount of conflict, even if it's just inside of you... Wow.<br/><br/>I love that I was able to feel everything she wanted me to feel. It's definitely an art, and I can't wait for her next book!
So depressing. Undeveloped characters. I held out hope for the book to go somewhere interesting, but it never did.
Excellent book but very depressing. Some of it applies to our lives and our interaction with other family members.
Mystery, tragedy, family drama and a surprise ending. This is a very complicated novel that covers some of the issues that early feminists had in the 60's, as they struggled to make their own way. It also covers an interracial marriage between a Chinese man and a white woman in a time when such things were rare and the loneliness of their children who are the sole minorities in their school. A Mother leaves her family to find herself, only to find herself pregnant and back home. She and her husband are both full of regrets and this somehow ends up being concentrated on on hopes for their older daughter, who tries eagerly to please them. They overlook their older son, who finds his own place, and their younger daughter who observes her family with a keen understanding, perhaps hiding unnoticed underneath a table.<br/><br/>This is excellent writing. There are things and language that might make you uncomfortable, but it's entirely appropriate for the era in which the story takes place.
I had to put the book down a few times to wipe my tears away. It's sad but well worth a read. Highly recommended.
What a sad story about disappointment over not fulfilling your dreams and how that disappointment manifests into expectations for your children that affect the family dynamics & temperaments of your children.
Read in 2 days.  Well written and a page turner.  The characters are well defined yet mysterious.  A great read
I really enjoyed this story! I had forgotten how much racism there was in the 60s and 70s. I don't think we always think about and realize how painful it can be to be teased or left out. The author did an amazing job of capturing all the emotional entanglements there are inside a family. I liked the fact that she switched the points of view for us to get more of the inside story and true emotions of the unfolding events. The suspense of the daughter's death simmered in the background as the family tried to cope with such a tragic event to more disastrous consequences. I didn't have trouble with the timeline as some other reviewers have mentioned. A meaningful outside look at how people's expectations can heavily influence someone's life as slow and steady as the ocean changes the rocks and sand.
I absolutely love it when I read a book & it completely sucks me in, when the story is so rich & well written that I feel like I know the characters & am experiencing their heartbreak right along with them. When every piece of the puzzle clicks into place one by one & the story unfolds perfectly with each reveal. This book was beautiful & absolutely wrecked me. I related to several parts of the story so intimately that I felt like the story was mine in some way. It's been a really long time since I've read a book that I've enjoyed so deeply, that has affected me in an unexpected way & Even made me ugly cry in parts & smile in satisfaction as the story came to a close.<br/>It's on must read book lists for a reason & I highly recommend it as well. This is one book that I'm going to have to own.
This is an amazing story. It begins with two people from different cultures falling in love passionately,  marrying and then their relationship deteriorates with the weight of their difficulties, thwarted ambitions and lack of shared communication. Their 3 children suffer from their unhappiness, each in very different ways. Very quickly we learn of their eldest daughter's disappearance and from then on the story is fairly depressing. None of the children, especially the missing girl, are what they seem and one feels sorry for them in the lives they lead. The ending brings surprising revelations and one is left with the feeling that it all could have been a very different life for them if they had only been able to talk to one another as the title suggests "Everything I never told you".
I was  drawn into this book,  and it has superb writing. The story is a mystery: What led to the death of Lydia Lee, a sixteen-year-old honor student was a little depressing and sad at times.  Each member of the family has a secret or a story of their own. You are in full sympathy with each character. The novel, which takes place in the late 70s, begins with Lydia's death. I thought it got a little predictable , however  I was not able to put it down. . James, the father, who never felt really at home in any situation; Marilyn, the mother, with dreams and demands of marriage & family. Nathan, the older brother, whose is overlooked; Lydia, the golden with all the frustrated aspirations of her parents on her shoulders and Hannah, the youngest child,  but the observer of everyone in her family.
What an amazing book. From the very first sentence, "Lydia is dead", it is completely captivating, engrossing, and moving. We see how Lydia's family reacts to her death, each struggling in a different way. And we also see in flashbacks how each character got to that position, including Lydia herself. But we also see the struggles Lydia's parents faced, her father dealing with race issues and her mother dealing with gender discrimination, and how those dynamics shaped their expectations of themselves and how they treated their children. Everyone has the best intentions, but finds themselves unable to understand how those intentions are affecting others. Every character is so completely human and real, and watching their stories develop and secrets unfold is heart-breaking and magical.
The moment I opened this book and started reading it I was hooked. I was already half way done reading the book before I put it down to take a break. However when I picked it back up I finished the last half of the book quickly. I just loved the way the author wrote this story. The Lee family are a very complex family. They may be dysfunctional but not any worse then maybe your own family.<br/><br/>Each member of the Lee family had their secrets and faults. However I liked seeing how each of them coped with them. They showed that they are human. Thus after a while I did not see them as characters in a story but as "real" people. The story just flowed from moment to moment drawing on more emotions. The ending was very nicely done. I look forward to reading more books by this author.
Though set in the 70's the stings of discrimination still, unfortunately, ring true today. Yes, those of Asian descent have often prospered tremendously, in technology and engineering, but in Ng's book you sense that there is still an undercurrent of bias. The journey of the Lee family was mesmerizing, often unexpected, and sad. Anytime I cry as the author brings the story to its end, I know I have been touched. Ng reminds us also of the dangers of "living through your children" whether that be sports or pushing them to a career they really don't want. In the end, young children and teens need to find their own way with encouragement and love from their parents not by parents trying to make their children into something they weren't or didn't have. I can't wait for Ng's next novel!
After reading the description of the book I was intrigued so I dove right in. I enjoyed the writing style and the different experiences of the characters and their exchanges, how they were all part of a dance and each had their role to play. But this book wasn't how it was described. It wasn't suspenseful or a "who done it." It wasn't about her cannot finding out about the secret life she had (spoiler: it was them finding a complete lack of one.) The ending was anti climactic and a little unbelievable (spoiler: a smart girl like that thinks she can suddenly swim if she kicks hard enough? It should have been a true accident. A misstep.)<br/>I'd be interested in reading what Celeste Ng writes in the future as it really was well written. This just didn't live up to the hype for me
One of the best novels I have read in a long time. The story of Lydia and her family is a stark and revealing reflection on what happens when all of the attention, affection, and expectations are focused on one member of the family. Because of her own lost opportunities, her mother is convinced that she has a talent for medicine and presses her to take courses Lydia doesn't enjoy and is not doing well in, and her father, who is Asian and grew up feeling out of place, wants her to be the most popular girl with lots of friends. Her younger brother and sister suffer from their parents' lack of attention and involvement with them, but in different ways. When Lydia is found drowned, the family shatters and must endure further trauma before they come to an understanding of their own dynamic.
It is hard to believe that this subtly nuanced book by Celeste Ng is her first novel.<br/><br/>The story can not be reduced to a mystery about the death of an adored middle daughter.  It is a story about the profound and unintended effects that parental expectations can have on their children and about what it means to 'fit in' a little too well or to never 'fit in' quite well enough.<br/><br/>The full picture of what happened to Lydia is slowly pieced together as we see events through the eyes of different characters.<br/><br/>Surprises that were revealed throughout the novel were neither overly predictable, nor did they seem to come completely out of left field.<br/><br/>A rewarding combination of a great plot, well-developed and sympathetic characters, and excellent writing.
This is by far the best fiction book I have read in a long time.  The writing style is absolutely beautiful.  Celeste Ng begins the story in the present time (late 1970s) where a family has just lost a daughter/sister, and she floats the reader back and forth in time, seamlessly weaving in pieces of the puzzle that lead to what happened to Lydia Lee.<br/><br/>But the story isn't just about Lydia, and it isn't just about the Lee family.  It's about society in the 1960s to 1970s, the struggles of a mixed race family, lost dreams, internal conflict, family, secrets, lies and love.  The themes in this book are extremely powerful and the story evokes a range of emotions for the reader from beginning to end.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book for anyone who enjoys fiction/literature.
Whether or not Ms Ng ever personally experienced the social stigma of being part of a biracial family, she certainly gives a touching glimpse of the pain being different from our peers can bring.<br/><br/>Her indepth study of how each family member is affected by not only their own feelings of alienation but also those of their parents is so beautifully written. She manages to convey so much about the characters and their lives with beautifully crafted phrases.<br/><br/>Although our society touts that any problem can be solved with enough therapy or positive attitude, this story is more honest about the fact that our decisions affect our lives and the lives around us in a permanent way.<br/><br/>This is a thoughtful work and beautifully written.<br/><br/>http://amzn.to/1ktjKVT
On a scale from 1 (morbidly depressed) to 10 (hysterically funny), this is a 2.<br/>I could relate to the interactions within the story, having been raised in a dysfunctional family and having been the object of subtle (and not so subtle) alienation.  But, I never experienced anything as cruel and all-encompassing as the writer portrays.<br/>Granted, the writer pulled me into the story.  Although I didn't like any of the characters, I could relate to them.  I would continue to say (in my mind), "Why are you doing this?"; "Don't you understand what's happening?"; "Stop lying!".<br/>By the end of the novel, I was too tired to care - probably, like the characters in the story.  The ending was inevitable, but really brought no closure or resolution.  I don't think it was supposed to.
I debated a long time before buying this book.  The reviews do not do it justice.  Story about a Chinese/Caucasian mixed marriage, and the impact of the racial/cultural issues that not only impact the parents, but their mixed race children.  Very insightful about the feelings of being one of a few mixed race children in a small college town.  Also, interesting for how the wife gives up her dreams to support her husband and children and marriage, and when she inappropriately tries to break away when the children are young, the impact of her abandonment, and the Husband's cluelessness about that impact, on the children.  Finally, it explores the impact that the death of a child has on the parents and remaining siblings.  Very well written, engrossing, and I couldn't put it down.
Not particularly well-written. Fairly tedious read. Too much hype for not much of a story. Sorry.
A story of silent grief, of the weight of expectations and of guilt, and of the opacity of other people's perspectives. If this sounds like a downer, well, guilty as charged--yet only in the same way your favorite song of heartache bitter sweetly worms its way into your head and causes you to sing along. Celeste Ng's writing is lyrical and sneakily gorgeous, and her novel is subtly brilliant and just as subtly devastating . . . like an ocean wave that builds silently, only to come crashing over you, leaving you breathless. Her characters take turns holding your hand and you will be grateful if you don't let go. There is relief in the end--and it comes primarily in knowing it is never too late to recognize where other people are coming from. I'm so glad I read this novel.
I was not expecting to like Everything I never Told You as much as I did. It flowed easily, and I found myself unable to put it down. I read it as a mother, and a daughter. It made me wonder if parents ever realize everything we do to and for our children has a profound effect on him/her.<br/>It is a psychological novel that makes you stop and think about how people see others and themselves as their lives intersect.<br/>Part of me wishes I had read it before I brought my family up. I don't know if it would have changed my child rearing or not.<br/>It is also a book that young adults or high school students might enjoy. I feel if your child reads this book, so should you. As for students, I believe if you read it you should highly recommend your parents read it, too.
I don't usually read other reviews before writing mine, but I skimmed them this time, and I can see the point of the negative reviews.  It skips around.  It seems like maybe it should be in the young adult genre.  But both of those aspects worked for me.  Oh, this author did a lovely job of starting with a stiff family of seemingly one-dimensional people and unraveling the suspense and empathy until the reader, or at least I, was left with so much insight into what goes on beneath the surface, so much depth and power and so many layers of deep feelings.  She struck just the right note of what to resolve neatly and what to leave the characters (and the reader) squirming over.  I related to this family, and I feel compelled to tell the people I love how much I love them.
A sad but ultimately hopeful and beautifully written novel. Despite the main characters' seemingly unforgivable flaws, readers continue to like and sympathize with them. Each member of the Lee family feels like a loser or an outcast because of racism, sexism, or for not meeting the expectations of others. Because of such feelings of failure, the family members often behave selfishly, callously wounding each other. However, the author's compassion is evident, allowing the reader to forgive the characters. I especially enjoyed the examination of relationships between parents and children. I highly recommend Everything I Never Told You for its literary quality and emotional depth--not because it is an action-packed thriller. (For thrills and excitement, read Gone Girl.)
I found this to be a compelling psychological portrait of complex individuals trying to cope with their painful histories.  Each character was fully developed and complex.  I especially was drawn to the youngest child in the family and the way Ng wrote about her perceptions.  Essentially a story about intergenerational pain which begins with an Chinese immigrant son, raised and feeling a great deal of shame in a preppy boarding school environment who ends up with a White woman who wants to be a doctor, but whose single mother who raises her sees no value in these ambitions in the 1950s and steers her to find a husband.  When these two come together and decide to deny and not speak of their pasts, the price is paid through their three children.  Well worth reading.
Not a bad read, but it certainly wasn't one of those "I can't bear to put this down" books for me.
A non orientalist novel about the Asian-American experience. This wonderful book is flawless and gripping.
I thought this was a beautiful book, ringing with truths about parenting and feeling psychologically right on the mark. Its a book that would do so many parents and families good as a warning - a blueprint of sorts, for gently and convincingly articulating the horror of pressuring one's children to live their parent's dreams, as well as depicting the vulnerability of children and their victimization at the hands of the people they depend on most.  Partway through the book I almost put it down because the mother seemed to be such a dislikable figure for whom I could have no sympathy. However, just as I was feeling this distaste I was hooked by Ng's clear portrayal of all the characters, with their needs and their believable actions and reactions - the dynamics among the siblings is portrayed with such remarkable perspicuity- that the story became deeply alive and enthralled me till the end. As a parent and teacher, and as just a human being, this book touched me deeply.
Engaging, compelling, heart-wrenching!  Ng captures family snapshots of those scenes many find too painful or sensitive to see, much less explore.  The story of the Lee family began abruptly and tragically, but i couldn't put it down, needing to see what had happened to this seemingly healthy, 'normal' family.  Ng so respectfully and carefully explored the inner thoughts, beliefs, and struggles of her characters that i felt i was hovering over them watching helplessly, as their individual and collective stories unfolded.  As a counselor, my heart broke as i witnessed Lydia, Hannah, and Nath struggling to make sense of nonsense while seeing themselves as necessarily having to do it alone.<br/><br/>Ng writes masterfully and beautifully.  An extraordinary read!
Do not - I repeat - do NOT get the audio version!  The narrator is pathetic.  She's so taken with herself that her voice fairly drips with false sincerity and her inflection doesn't match the context.<br/>The book itself is ok - the characters not the least bit likable and the plot was nothing special.  Maybe if I hadn't experienced much of what she's writing about, I might appreciate the plot more.  On the other hand, who wants to spend time with the incredibly dysfunctional family that's at the center of the book??<br/>I might have appreciated the writing itself a bit more if not for the poor narration.  However, leaving aside the narration, it still didn't really impress me.
Thought provoking and relevant. I think we all have some relationships like described well in this story
I expected a lot from this book, with so many positive reviews. After having read it, I would not recommend this book to anyone. I found myself dying for it to be over. When it finally was, it left so much to be desired, I couldn't believe an entire book had been written for THAT. Ugh. It is incredibly, incredibly repetitive. The characters are all insanely one-dimensional. Readers literally only learn one thing about each character. Hannah: the invisible observant one, James: the different one who wants to fit in, Jack: the bad-boy who's secretly thoughtful, etc. Yet the book goes into such an excessive amount of detail just to get simplistic points across; it really is unbelievable. Very flat story that left me feeling uncomfortable and empty.
Extremely touching and rang many bells with me. Excellently written and the bookseller was very good.
The book begins with two stark sentences.  “Lydia is dead.  But they don’t know it yet.”<br/><br/>Beautifully written, this first novel is not a mystery but a character-driven portrait of a family whose lives are divided by misplaced dreams, misdirected communication, misunderstanding of each other, unachievable expectations, and the type of racism & sexism that existed at the time, but in many ways still is present today. The characters struggle individually and those struggles are seamlessly interwoven to create a work that grabs the reader’s attention and doesn’t let go.<br/><br/>It’s hard to recommend a novel this tragic, but Ng’s prose is such that it deserves high recommendation, especially as a book group choice.
Really wonderful book. I recommend it. It's a quick read and is full of depth and character history.
Dysfunctional family dynamics set in context of race relations in the 1970s. Well written, but dark.
2.5 stars. At the beginning of the book, it seems like this will be a story about a mysterious crime, but by the end it's clearly about human failings.<br/>It read well enough, but as the story progressed, I believed the characters' interactions with each other less and less. Each displays an incredible sensitivity toward the actions and words of others, which leads every conversation to be fraught with drama. It's convenient for a book that is ultimately about interpersonal relationships, but not at all true to life. As for the way the parents treat their children, that unevenness in family life definitely can happen.<br/>For me, the ending rang hollow and oddly saccharine for a book about failing yourself and others.
Really enjoying this book though it is not an easy subject for me now that I've become a parent.  As a fairly new mother of a two year old, my heart is breaking with every word and every page for these kids.  It's a fantastic reminder of how even well-meaning parents can damage their children if they themselves have unfinished business.  The writing itself is perfection - the author does not let overly flowery language or a heavy-handed literary style intrude upon the story.  Nor does she rely on melodrama to move the reader - I never feel as if I'm being manipulated for effect.  Instead, she simply reveals the story as she reveals the inner life of each character - seamlessly.  In other words, she is a rare talent!
The underlying themes were wrapped up nicely, portrayed the sentiments of each character very well
This story really tugged at my heart.  I loved it and this lovely dysfunctional family.  I longed to be a part of the scene so I could offer some encouraging words or guidance, especially to James and Marilyn.  Lydia's story was very sad as it unfolded...she was so young and seemed like such a beautiful child and young woman.  Nath was a very brave young man and little Hannah was like an old soul in her young body.  I loved them all and felt much like Lydia...where and why did it all go so wrong.<br/><br/>I read along with the narrator of the audible version of this book and want to commend the narrator for really bringing this family to life!  Kudos to Ms. Ng for such a powerful and emotional story!
Not many books rate a five star review, but this book is so thoughtful, complex and intelligent that it is unforgettable.  It is a family story and it covers relationships of every sort encountered in a family, plus xenophobia (the father is Chinese-American) and the effect it has on families.  It starts with a mystery - daughter Lydia is dead - and the family is baffled and wants answers.  Each person in the family has some information that they have not told the others - for varying reasons - so each one has to ponder what happened.  In doing so, we are told each individual's story.<br/><br/>What makes this book so good is that, if you are part of a family, you will recognize all the pathologies!
This book got more and more boring the longer I read it. Nearly all of the characters were selfish people wallowing in their own misery and blamed their family members for their unhappiness. (And in my opinion, the things they were unhappy about, other than Lydia's death, were rather trifle.)<br/><br/>I didn't really care what about what happened to any of the characters--they were all so pitiful and did little to nothing to try and change their circumstances that made any logical sense.<br/><br/>The ending was underwhelming and I found myself skimming pages just to be done with it.<br/><br/>If you want to hear an interesting story about an Asian teen's death, listen to the Serial podcast.
Brilliant psychological depiction of the insidious effect of racism and sexism.  Heart breaking!
My main objection was that it was way, way too long! I began to think it was never going to end!
You know how sometimes when you learn that someone's teenager is hooked on drugs, or in jail or something of the sort, and everyone says, "They are such a nice family, I'm just shocked."  Have you ever just wished you could know the whole story.  That's what this book is.  When Lydia disappears shortly after her 16th birthday, her family is devastated.  And as the chapters roll out, we learn the whole truth in a way we are seldom able to do in reality.  There are parts of this book that almost every family can recognize.  The people are real, the feelings are raw, and we come away feeling we have a clearer understanding of the human beings that we are.  This is truly a great book.
While heart wrenchingly sad, I found this story to be fascinating on all levels. The story unfolds gently weaving current day events with those of the past and probing those events from each character's perspective. The reader becomes connected to each character and I felt able to relate to each of them as both a child, a sibling and a parent. The events unfold to such a tragic end, with no judgement on the part of the writer. This beautifully crafted novel left me convinced that, in all human interaction, we need to tell each other what is in our hearts. As a mom, it made want to hold my children and tell them to be their most authentic selves, and that my love was without condition.
Haunting, sweet, and melancholy.  I wasn't sure what to expect from Celeste Ng's "Everything I Never Told You.  It was so sad but beautifully written.  Tough subject matters that I don't often like to read about, but told in an unusual and moving way.  I had strong feelings for every character and was invested in each of their stories.  That is something to be admired when the book is only 297 pages long...to have such well-rounded characters in such a short story.  I wouldn't say I loved the book but it still lingers with me; emotions drawn from somewhere, threatening to surface and pour out.  This was recommended by several people and I'm grateful to have peered into Ng's story.
This book is very moving story of a mixed race family that faces the hardship and heartache of prejudice. A Chinese professor marries his Caucasian student and together they build a life during a time in our country's history when people still referred to the Chinese as "chinks". This moving tale follows the family, focusing a great deal on their daughter, through the challenges of living up to the expectations of others. It is very well written and I was so moved by the emotions of the characters. However, there is no joy in this book. If you are looking for an uplifting story, this is not it. This is a sad and difficult book for anyone who has ever lost a child. It is a dark story.
I read this entire book in a day – And yes, it is a quick read but it was mostly due to the fact I could not put it down. The book starts off with the death of the eldest daughter in a mixed race family living in Ohio in the 1970s. The rest of her family, overwhelmed with grief and guilt, begin to examine their own pasts and relationships to try and understand what happened to their daughter.  By delving into the character’s pasts, we get a complete picture of their lives and fully understand their actions and decisions. I was extremely surprised by the ending and since I was dying to know what happened, I could not put the book down for a second. I highly highly recommend this book!
Great book, quick read but enjoyable and makes you think about how your actions impact others!
Reviewers who cite this story as "superficial" or "obvious" must be people who have never experienced this depth of loss or sadness, and therefore find themselves unable to identify or empathize with the characters. While I didn't find the "mystery" of the story overwhelming, I was touched by the searing heartache of the characters. No, it's not your run-of-the-mill murder mystery and if you are in search of cheap thrills look elsewhere. And while the characters aren't highly developed, the writing is beautiful and does justice to each one's private suffering. I found the story intriguing and personal, and look forward to exploiting further work by Ms. Ng.
Beautifully written prose and a compelling storyline.  The reader gets to know all of the characters in depth and the connections between them come to life.  I love it when a story weaves together such topics as family relationships, parent-child dynamics, interracial relationships, the idea of being "American" and fitting in, unfulfilled hopes and dreams, the weight of expectations, etc., so beautifully that you don't even realize all the different topics and themes; you're just reading because it's enjoyable, you connect with the characters, and you find the story compelling.  This is a wonderful novel and I look forward with eager anticipation to her next work.
I was so disappointed in this book.  There were so many holes in the story.  Some of the story lines were just unbelievable. I cannot believe a mom would just abandon her children like in this book.  And the affair?!?!  Seriously, that relationship was so weak, the character was never built up. There was so much emphasis on giving reasons for the characters choices that their actual character was never developed!!  I had to force myself to finish the book only to find out why she died.  And THAT was the reason?!?!  She was supposed to be super smart, and she consciously made that choice?!?!  I just cannot believe that would ever happen.  Just plain dumb.  Such a letdown.
In this novel, we see a family fall apart after the death of their teenage daughter, but learn that everything that happens has seeds in the past.  The dad is Asian....the author uses the term "Oriental" throughout to be true to the time period...every time it made me cringe. The Mom is white. The kids are the only Asian, mixed race kids in their school, and never fit in. The Mom is obsessed with the career she gave up to be a Mom, and turns to pushing the daughter hard to become a doctor, ignoring her son, whose admission into Harvard is practically ignored.<br/>Any more would be spoilers, but it didn't like the ending...it was unsatisfying.  Still, a worthwhile read.
Well written, compelling story about not fitting in, family conflicts and a surprise ending.
Superbly written debut novel. Ng pays tremendous attention to details in telling this story of a dysfunctional Chinese-American family in reverse. The time period of the 1970's is reproduced in stunning and visual images.The punch line is revealed in the first sentence, but there is plenty of suspense and insight revealed from the beginning to the end. Character development is highly insightful, descriptive, and totally believable. Although there is no trick ending, the circumstance surrounding one of the main characters' death are well paced and produce page turning excitement. Highly recommended and one of the best books I have read in years. Kudos to Celeste Ng.
Overall it was okay. As the story progressed, I just found myself hating the father more and more. For two very well educated adults (Ik the mother never finished college-her entire backstory) they are completely oblivious as to how their<br/>Parenting affects their children. My heart longed for their neglected children. I question if they ever really loved them??? How I wanted to embrace my own children and never want to make them feel the way the Lee children felt in this<br/>Household.  The story will resignate within me but for completely different reasons. Maybe we aren't supposed to<br/>Like the story. Maybe we are supposed to learn from the characters.
I will admit at the very very beginning, although I was completely sucked in--especially in the mystery part of what happened to the daughter-- I wasn't sure why everyone was raving about this novel. The writing, yes. And I was very much enjoying it but I couldn't understand all the hype--and then it started to unravel and what had seemed as the typical family drama wasn't. And I saw why the book was loved and hyped. The way the family members actions over the years, sometimes so tiny, build and overlap and cause so much damage even with the best of intentions was beautifully executed and heartbreaking. I am certainly looking forward to Ng's future novels.
This is a wonderfully unique book.  You never find yourself feeling that there is something "familiar" about it.  From the opening passages you find out that one of three children in a family is missing and is soon found dead.  Then Ms.Ng gets to the heart of the book, which is why something so sad happened to this particular family.  You find yourself feeling empathetic toward all the characters, understanding why they behaved the way the day, but still wishing that they could simply stop themselves.  I highly recommend this book and look forward to Ms. Ng's next one.
What took me so long to finally read this book? It deserves all the praise it has gotten. The apparent suicide of a daughter causes a marriage to nearly break up. It also causes the parents and siblings to look back at what is happening in their lives. Having a Chinese-American Dad and an Anglo mother way before mixed race marriage was acceptable has had a big impact all the entire family. As a parent reading the book, the reader sees how projecting the parents’ hopes on the child are detrimental. But when the cause of death is revealed, be prepared to be saddened because it is not as it appears to the police. There’s so much to think about in this book.
Everything I Never Told You is a book that I ended up loving. Initially, the first line made me feel that since I already knew the outcome of the story, I wouldn't be able to fully engage. But as I continued to read, I understood the point wasn't the outcome necessarily, but the layers of truth revealed as the family struggles to understand how this outcome occurred. There was more hope in this story than I expected at the outset as a broken family is forced to piece themselves back together. This is a story about resilience and understanding that acknowledging the many versions of truth in a family can be painful, but can also lead to grace and mercy
This book is lean and deceptively simple.  The author demonstrates considerable skill in showing how difficult it is for people to know themselves and, then, to go from this shaky foundation to raise children.  The result is an unsettling one for any thoughtful reader.  The universality of the perceptions are given additional depth by an underlying theme of ethnic differentiation and the assumptions and prejudices that go with it.  There is a great deal of exposition and examination of the characters' thoughts and, while I generally prefer it when dialogue takes precedence, in this case the writing is so fluid and alive that the reader is swept along.
I was so looking forward to reading this book and, frankly, it did not live up to any of the wonderful reviews I'd read about it.<br/>I didn't like any of the characters.<br/>There was barely any viable motive for anyone's behavior.<br/>The characters were one-dimensional and, therefore, not terribly believable.<br/>There was some writing, especially at the beginning of the book, that struck me as being either immature, or amateurish, or both, which left me to wonder if the editor skipped those parts.<br/><br/>I think this author shows great promise and I look forward to her next novel, but this book just did not come together for me at all.
Loved this , --- tense , sparse writing ....a family falling apart ... How do you cope when your daughter commits suicide .., ? What did you miss ? Do you take the blame ? Add to this a bi racial twist in an era where it is not yet acceptable in small town America and there are all sorts of extra possibilities / reasons and factors ... Here everyone has lost ... And more than just a daughter or a sister .... Innocence is lost ... Secrets are no longer secrets ... This is such a sad story as a family are initially destroyed and separated from one another by grief ... In the end truth will win out and a new understanding emerges for these characters
I really enjoyed this book for several reasons. I thought the depiction of an interracial marriage in the 1950s/1960s United States (specifically, a marriage between a Chinese American man who was born in the US during a time when there were very few people of Asian ancestry and a white woman) was fascinating. The author depicts a terrifying loneliness of feeling like no one around you--literally no one--thinks of you as anything except "other." But also, separately, the character of Lydia, the daughter who is dead at the beginning of the book, is slowly revealed over the course of the novel in a way that resonated very strongly for me.
What is the opposite of a black hole?  What orbits are family members flung into when the gravitational center of the family disappears?  The Lee family dynamics are shaped by the parents' dreams,  mis-shapen by elements of race and otherness and further forged by societal expectations and norms.  Ng moves smoothly from perspective to perspective and back and forth in time in a way that makes the family's secrets accessible, memorable and poignant.  I confess I was influenced to buy this book when Amazon named it the best book of the year.  I'd dismissed it as just another dysfunctional family novel.  I was wrong.  It's excellent and singular.
I cannot stress how much I enjoyed this novel. Celeste Ng is a superb writer! However, I found this novel to be very heavy and dark. Each character was struggling and basically alone in the world. I did feel incredible sympathy toward Lydia and Hannah. I also had an issue with how Chinese Americans were perceived. I was in elementary school during the time of this novel was set. There were Chinese Americans in my classes and they were not recipients of such prejudices. If anything, they were admired for their unparelled academic excellence. Overall, I do recommend this novel, if only for the fact that Ng is such a skilled and talented writer.
This is a tragic story of a marriage between a first-generation Chinese-American man and an American woman. Both have deep unresolved issues which disrupt the lives of their children.  The husband is a college professor of American Studies, a career choice which mirrors his life-long effort to be accepted by the culture into which he was born but never felt accepted by.  The wife's lifelong ambition was to become a doctor, an ambition subverted by her marriage.  Both project their fears and ambitions onto their children with disastrous consequences, especially for their middle daughter who bears the brunt of their frustrated hopes and fears.
The first 1/3 is interesting, the rest just flows natually following it. It echoes a lot to what I have experienced and seen in my own life. I can related to it in many ways. Jack's feeling towards Nath is a spotlight in the later doomy part of the story. Too bad it's so hard to say it out loud at that time. It's hard for me to think why the author chose that time in history. One thing I think that needs more discription: Basically, Marilyn gave up her second shot at her degree because of the arrival of Hannah. Does she hate Hannah for that? How does that reflect in her attitude to her?<br/>And finally....please use a condom!
First of all, I listened to this via Audible and the narrator, Cassandra Campbell, is brilliant. Especially with the text Ng provided.<br/><br/>I can scarcely put into words how incredibly lovely this book is. The characters, their longing, the events in their past that collide in their presents. The writing is lyrical, the elements of the 1960's and 70's unfold with unobtrusive detail, the way that that world looked at multi-cultural families and women, but also the way that people look at themselves in relation to what they have always known, and what they want but aren't sure how to get.<br/><br/>Truly an amazing book.
Anyone who has children or is contemplating having a child should read this book. I wish I had had this book before I had children. A powerful and amazing book. I sat there crying afterwards, and sporadically for a couple of days afterward. My father, too, was an immigrant and gave me the same Napoleon Hill "How to Win Friends and Influence People" that James Lee gave his daughter Lydia. And my name is Lydia. But aside from these items, I have to say that this book was a heartbreaking study in how secrets can torment and destroy a family. Never keep secrets. And remember: your behavior has long-lasting repercussions.
This book isn't too bad. It is well written and interesting, though I had trouble relating to many parts of their world. I liked seeing the same event through the different family members eyes and how their reactions played out. I felt bad for each of them in different ways... especially the youngest, who I am sad to say, I forgot even existed for huge chunks of the book. Come to think of it,  I am reasonably sure that this was the author's intention. Anyway, if you are in the mood for a depressing story about a dysfunctional family and what living your dreams through your children could do to them.... give this one a try.
Incrediable developed novel about the complex lives of a mixed race couple and their children.  They are the only Chinese American family in their town.  Each family member suffers from the repercussions in different ways. The Chinese husband has goals for his children he wanted for himself and his projection onto his children causes the children, especially the daughter Lydia, to bear impossible demands.  The mother has aspirations for Lydia that she wanted for herself.  Lydia finds it nearly impossible to live up to all of these wishes.<br/><br/>This was an extremely thought provoking novel and I highly recommend it.
The drowning of 16-year-old Lydia Lee introduces us to her family and their struggle to pick up the pieces after her death.<br/><br/>The book is less about her death and more about her parents' and siblings' individual struggles, hopes, and dreams. We see the point of view of each person throughout the story, including Lydia's. We experience the childhood of each of her parents and learn about the history of each that made them the adults and parents they became.<br/><br/>It's wonderfully told and woven in such a way that the reader can't help but empathize with each person, even when they make mistakes in judgment.
Sad but true and worth the read. Well written. Need to focus as it can get confusing.
I'm not much of a reader, but I couldn't put this book down! It is a fantastic story!
WONDERFUL, THOUGHTFUL, INSIGHTFUL BOOK. This was not a mystery, but it is a beautifully written page-turner. It touches on so many social and family issues .....always in a way that one can 'feel' what the character is feeling. The story tugs at your heart while letting you see the inside life of a family and each of it's members. I wish I could better explain how hauntingly magnetic I found this story, the characters, the story line and the elegant beauty of the writing. This MUST be one of the best books of the year. I think every parent, and every person in any kind of "mixed marriage"should read it....
Excellent presentation of the stark isolation felt by each member of a biracial family in the midwest during the 50s through the 70s.<br/>Because of the bleak ambience created by the author, I wanted to stop reading several times, but just could not do it. The characters were compelling, and I had to pursue them, find out what happened to each. I was a bit surprised by the ending, given the statistics of family dissolutions after the death of a child. But, given the strengths or youth of each member, I shouldn't have been. Finely written book and well-edited. I do not write reviews, but this novel spoke to me.
Celeste Ng's use of language, comparison, and description are beautiful!  I highlighted on my Kindle so much of her phrasing, so many of her statements!  The plot moves the reader forward inexorably, like strong-flowing water, toward the resolution of the plot and the answer to the question the mystery novel asks.  Ng's understanding and depiction of character are superb.  The characters, flawed as they were, are credible and understandable.  I highly recommend this book as a riveting read.  It was number 1 on Amazon's list of 100 best books, which is the reason I chose it.  The book well deserves this honor.
This has to be the most depressing book I've read in a long time. There is absolutely nothing positive going on here.  I understand that tragedy is a valid plot approach, but handled appropriately (e.g. Theodore Dreiser) it can hold our interest with artistic merit. The two parents are dysfunctional, the father with his overwhelming feelings of ethnic/racial inferiority and the mother with her mindless imposition of her own unachieved goals onto her daughter. Both of them are clueless parents, wreaking havoc on their children's lives. Even tragedies have a redeeming lesson or truth.  This novel has none.
The characters were realistic and each had his/her secrets and misunderstandings.  Throughout, there was so much lack of communication and so many reactions based on what each person believed as opposed to what the other persons actually were feeling.  Lies were told, and feelings were held back, in order to try and keep from hurting each other, which, in the end, caused so much more pain and distress.  I'm glad that the reader got to see the emotions from each character's perspective, so we, at least, knew what really happened, but it was sad that the characters would always have those misunderstandings.
I rarely write reviews that aren't 4- or 5-star positive, but I felt differently about this novel. First of all, the omniscient point of view took a while to embrace, but even after then, I found the characters without many redeeming qualities. The backstory certainly laid the foundation for the parents' actions, but the character arc flat-lined throughout the novel Even the children in the story failed to bring anything positive to the table. Ng is certainly a talented writer and the story kept my interest, but I didn't find the plot to be entertaining at all. Not one glimmer of hope to be found!
Haunting Story with so many issues. I picked this novel for our book club and read it in two days. Of course the whole world liked this novel -- it truly is that amazing. Yet, I worried it might be to "literary" and not a good story -- but it proved to be engrossing and it is truly amazing storytelling. I was hooked from the first line. "Lydia is dead."  This is so well written and so worth your time. There are a lot of themes here for you to think about too. Any book club should have this novel on their list. I highly recommend you read it. Our group LOVED it. Lots of discussion.
I found this to be an easy, but completely engrossing read!  From the very first sentence Celeste Ng grabs your attention and she doesn't let go.  At the same time, she does a wonderful job creating believable and very real characters.  I found myself identifying with different characters at different times.  Unlike some books of this genre that take you through a drawn story, only to rush to wrap things up in a tidy ending, this book is well paced.  And while, the ending was a bit of a surprise to me, it was very satisfying.  I recommend it highly and will look for other novels by Celeste Ng.
Well written, interesting story. Made me reevaluate some things I do as a parent.
This book is incredible. It is poignant and heart-wrenching. I loved every word of it. Usually, I love novels for their beauty and deftness with language; I can appreciate a book as art, but this book made me introspective and considerate of my own life as well as being such a pleasure to read. I cared for the characters and, rather than remaining separate from their story and their emotions, their journey forced me to reflect on my own. I was shocked when this book wasn't long listed for the Women's Prize for Fiction - it absolutely deserves to be.  Do yourself a service and read this book!
I found this book to be very well written but it made me very sad.  It helped me understand some of the challenges of the mmigrant community.  The characters were very well drawn but their communication skills were sorely lacking - thus the title of the book.  The narration stays mostly in their heads and they have a very difficult time sharing their true feelings about anything.  Their love for each other is strong and I kept wanting to encourage them to just talk to each other.  I would recommend this book to those readers who like novels with complex, not necessarily likable characters.
Perhaps the saddest part of this story to me is that the youngest daughter, Hannah, is so overlooked by her family, until the end, where, of course, hope for the future is the theme. All the incidents that occur have a significant effect on both the individuals and the Lee family as a whole.  I really appreciate how the story moved throughout the family, weaving a tapestry of their lives in brilliant colors. Families are complicated, reasonable conclusions are rarely black and white. Ms. Ng demonstrates this all too well. Thoroughly enjoyable, though somewhat tragic - like most families
I feel the book is an intriguing look at a family who never communicates their deepest feelings, longings, hopes & dreams to each other. This failure sets them all on a course of doom. Everyone is affected negatively by it. I thought the ending was too fast & it seemed that everyone suddenly realized the errors of their ways & instantly were able to change. That felt very false to me but overall a well told story that kept you interested. The story seems to jump around in time & because I had to read it over a couple of weeks, I sometimes wasn't sure if we were in the present or past.
This author brings an intensity to this story of an unhappy Chinese-American family that feels autobiographical. But what makes it a work of art is the skill with which she moves in and out of each inarticulate character's point of view. She skillfully narrates the story of a daughter's death so that the reader feels each person's relationship to her and with each other. The story, set in Ohio in the late sixties and early seventies (I believe) reveals a shocking amount of racial prejudice against the family's Chinese ancestry and shows the devastation caused by its internalization.
REVIEW: EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU<br/><br/>A glorious literary achievement, and one of the shining lights of publishing year 2014, Celeste Ng's EVERYTHING I NEVER TOLD YOU is exciting, engrossing, compelling, and tragic; a study in characterization at the same time it is an involving mystery. This is a book I plan to read again and again, simply to savor its beauty.  My recommendation:  open to the first page, prepared to become lost in this beautiful story.<br/><br/>I reviewed a digital ARC generously provided via NetGalley for review purpose. No remuneration was exchanged.
I'm not sure what I expected when I started this book, but it took me by surprise.  I read it in 2 days, and have slept very little in that time.  It's not a page turner in the sense of a thriller, but I was compelled to keep reading even when I should have been sleeping.  It is a fascinating exploit into the inner workings of families, the roles of men and women, social pressure, racism, expectations.... I'll definitely read this one at least once more because it has depth.  I want to see what I pick up on the second read that I missed the first time around.  Highly recommended.
I could not wait to finish this book. Not because I couldn't wait to see what secrets the end held, but because it was so boring. Though the writing was fluid I couldn't care less what happened to the characters which made this a long drawn out read. I never had a chance to really get to know them enough to like them. There were no shocking revelations no huge secrets. I felt as though I was a reading an "after school special' book where the author treads lightly as not to insult the audience. I wanted to love this book but was so disappointed and felt like I wasted my time.
If you are caucasian, specially if married to another caucasian, you probably won't identify yourself in this novel. However, if you are anything else - black, asian, latin, in a interracial relationship, whatever it is 'diferent' - you will. This is a story about trying to fit in a society, try to be accepted and recognized, as well a story about expectations and parents projecting their wishes on their kids. It tells us on how sometimes you are just trying to do good, but actually is doing a big harm. This novel touched me deeply in a very powerful way. Highly recommended!
I'm 50. I read this after hearing a review on NPR, and I loved it and immediately passed it on to my 16 yr old daughter.  She read it, loved it and immediately passed it onto one best friend while buying a copy for another best friend.  My 72 yr old mother-in-law also read and loved it.  How many books do you know like THAT?  I would call it a summer read, because that's when I read it, but it's too deep and meaningful to really be in that category.  It's just a really well-written, well-developed story that did NOT go where I thought it was going, and I loved where it went.
This is one the best novels I have read in the last year. It has a good plot and one doesn't know the resolution until the very end. What I liked the most is that the characters are well developed and one understand very well why they act the way they do. The plot is believable and in my opinion it would be difficult to write some of the things in the book unless it's done from personal experience. One realizes how far we have come in our relations to minorities and the treatment of women. Also the books shows that good intentions are not the same than doing the right thing.
When Lydia, a teenage girl, comes up missing and then is found dead, the reader is taken on a retrospective journey into the lives of a functioning, but dysfunctional family. Although I enjoyed the writing style of this author and the idea behind this book, I found it a bit slow and boring at times. I felt that although the author did reveal some problems that people that are shall we say 'different' have fitting it, she didn't even touch the surface of how harsh reality can be on mixed marriages and the children of that union. Especially for the ear this book took place in.
We read this for our book club, and my expectations were not terribly high after reading the other reviews. I ended up finding the book reflective and enjoyable to read. While I do agree with some other reviewers that the parent characters were very self absorbed, the purpose of the book was not to 'like' every character. It was about how despite everyone living in the same household, no one has the same experience or even knows one another. I think that is a universal and human condition each one of us can relate to. Celeste Ng did an amazing job of exposing that dynamic.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book! At under 300 pages, it is a quick and easy read. This is the story of really good people who form a family that struggles with serious issues. From the outside, they look like perfection. They have goals and ambitions and dreams for themselves and each other. They love deeply yet imperfectly. The pressure and the stakes are high, and the results are tragic, yet ultimately hopeful for the future. I loved and was frustrated with all of these characters. And it was in this conflict of emotion where I found the quality and pleasure in this book.
This wasn't as good as I had expected but interesting enough for me to finish!
kept waiting for something to happen all the way to the end.  Not recommended.
The adults unbelievably lose control of their lives. Despite ivy league credentials Marilyn and James limit their ambitions and accomplishments. James acts like a whiny middle schooler who complains about not fitting in; Marilyn gives up her own ambitions while blindly pushing her less talented daughter to pursue science and medicine at all costs.  Very disappointing book after a stellar beginning.  After the first chapter the book read as if it had been carefully outlined and plotted with no room for nuance and complications--just predictable one note miscommunication.
I recommend this book to anyone who struggles with the issues of family expectations; dreams lost; opportunities missed; and life's constant journey toward hope.  The author did an excellent job of letting us know each character, their role in the family, and how they fit into this sad but hopeful story.  Most of us feel we don't fit in, but we never realize the impact of truly being different. This novel makes it very clear. The title is perfect because every character suffers from all the things they never tell each other. I will think about this book for a long time.
Although I was pleased with the ending, I found it very hard to root for anyone in this book. The characters were so unlikable and the family had too many flaws. Some of the topics dealt with in the novel are indeed important ones, and it was interesting to think about how lives and opportunities for mothers in America have changed since the 70s. I just felt that overall it was too depressing. I don't mind books that make me sad or evoke emotions, but this book did nothing but drag me down. I'm not disappointed I read it, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.
Stunning and incredible novel, haunting and beautiful.I read it in one sitting...unable to let go. Totally absorbing storylines, deep and provacative. This story rocked me to my core, moving me to tears. I will be thinking about the messages and characters for some time to come ... I am most certain I will be reading this again. I seldom I give 5 stars and rarely recommend books to my family and friends. This book deserves both. I anticipate and look forward to discussing this story with others. Well written, complex, characters, the balance and pace...all perfect.
Great story which grips you and easy to read.  I enjoyed this book very much.
I chose this book after being interested and reading the reviews of others. Although the story seems to start slowly, it is the character development that the author is focusing on. Each character has layers that only a well-seasoned writer could successfully peel away. And this author certainly does just that in the poignant story of a broken family. This was a very "heavy" ready, party due to the plot but partly due to the inability of it's characters to communicate effectively. However, it was very much worthwhile and a book I would highly recommend.
This is an amazing book - I read it one snowy afternoon.  It addresses the challenges of the "other" in society - while this "other" is an Asian father and teens, it resonated to me even though my "otherness" is something less obvious.<br/><br/>The family is so clearly written that I can easily picture each person - the writing is clear but complex.  There are just the right amount of characters that you care about each one - flaws and all.  No one is so negative that you don't care.<br/><br/>Highly recommend for a thinking person.
I empathized with the characters, but was never really grabbed by this book.
Not predictable, but found myself constantly frustrated with the characters.
So impressive that this is a debut novel!  Beautifully written with exquisite characterization and what could be a sensationalistic plot,  but instead it's quiet and sad and somehow thrilling at the same time.  I felt both sorry for and angry with the parents,  who in their all too fragile humanity were passing their curses on to their children.  And though we know Lydia is dead from the very first line,  she's very alive in the book and we too mourn her too soon passing.<br/><br/>Set in the 60's and 70's,  it brings those periods and tensions alive too.
My substantial review of Celeste Ng's fine book may be found at https://jlauckhouston1.wordpress.com/2015/06/05/the-place-where-it-all-went-wrong/ and I hope you'll go there to read it, and add a comment, if you wish.  In brief, however, *Everything I Never Told You* deserves to be on your short list of the best novels of 2014.  Despite the inherently somber element of a daughter's suicide, Ng writes with surprising warmth and compassion about the Lee family's efforts to find out why their daughter and sister died, and to cope with that tragic death.
Very good book about a very sadly dysfunctional family. Written well, but disturbing the way each member of the family withholds their feelings and what they know about each other. Of course if Hannah had told what she knew; if the father and mother had really communicated; etc etc... there would not have been a good story. It shed light on what it really feels like to be an "other" in a small closed society - how deeply wounded one can feel with just one incident. The story was told well with just the right amount of mystery. A good read.
It was a very good book, made me cry, and made me think of my own family dynamics, both childhood and current.  Hopefully, I will say everything I need to to each of them--mostly how much I love them, care about them, and cherish each one and our special relationships. It also made me more sensitive to how I treat those who are different than me; hopefully, I treat them nicely, but will even more-so in the future.  The character development was excellent, as was the pace of the writing.  I read it in just a few days and could hardly put it down.
This book was amazing. I'm sure that if you're looking at it you know this already, but it is true. Not only does Ng capture a story about an average family and the love, hate, drama and complexities involved within any family but she is able to weave issues of race in America as well. I think that she does an excellent job of that, without making it the central part of the story, but something that is important to understand about the characters in a very accessible way. I am convinced this book will continue to make waves and become a classic.
A study of how we know what we know about other people and the things we will never know, Everything I Never Told You, opens up the strange space of intimacy and misapprehension that connect us with our most intimate others. It is at once dark and hopeful, full of wit and humor, the melancholy of children and the imaginings of parents, and of course, death, that strangest of human possibilities. Celeste Ng has an ear for the languages her characters think in and the links and breaks between thinking and speaking. I highly recommend the novel.
Great book-- powerful start that combines the historical and current lives of a family whose members are each dealing with their view of themselves and their world in the midst of turmoil.  Dysfunctional family, sort of, but not so much so that the story leaves you feeling like this could happen to you.  The title "Everything I Never Told You" speaks to the themes of hidden emotions, fears, choices, lifestyles, cultural barriers, unsaid words and broken dreams-- and what's really behind each of those that goes unshared and built up.
I was surprised at how much I liked this book. I thought that I would just read through it and go on to the next book. I loved the characters and character development. I wasn't too crazy about how the book skipped around but it kept me in my toes!!  The sad fact of the book was the problems that all blended families and especially children of blended families face!!  Being brought up without a racist bone in my body, my hope is that anyone reading this book will see how hurtful teasing and taunting can be to those different from ourselves!
I thought that I would like this book - but the more I read it, the more frustrated I got because of the characters and their actions.  Could a family really put all their love, affection and attention on to one child out of three?<br/>Things got darker and darker, the parents each pursued foolish dreams, and the children (left after the death of their older sibling) were left to their own devices, feeling lost and abandoned.  ...and the ending - what a surprise!<br/>To sum it up, I was disappointed and sorry that I had bought the book.
Well done family analysis.  It reminded me a little of a Wally Lamb book.
This is a story of a mixed race family living in small town USA in the early eighties.  I read this for book club and, not usually being a big fan of who dunnits, enjoyed it far more than I expected to.  The story is told from the perspective of each member of the family and the tragedy that evolves is in all the things they never told each other.  It is gripping from the first sentence and draws you in.  While characters are sometimes frustrating the book concludes in a way that is unexpected and yet satisfying.  A great holiday read.
Families don't set out to be dysfunctional but almost all have their dysfunctions.. The adult Lees are caught in a time warp and are a product of their family history which they try to get right by pushing their daughter to be everything they wanted to be never understanding how wrong they are.. The other children are ignored and unappreciated as they pin all their hopes on Lydia.. is it any wonder that tragedy ensues? Very well written causing one to ponder which is what a good book should do. Hopefully this author has more to come
Unbelievable that this is a first book. It made me think long and hard about what we convey to our children about our expectations. This book made me re-examine my own behavior and wonder about how many things I didn't realize go on even in my own immediately sphere of influence. I was so moved, that I made my dad read it just for discussion. Although he is quite well read, he didn't get it at all. Not even after I explained some of the nuances. Maybe it's too deep to bridge the gender divide. I for one, am so happy that I read it.
The author really nails the sort of teenage despair we have all experienced at one time or another.  Loneliness and desolation.  The utter unfairness of life.  All this viewed through the magnifying glass of racial stereotype.<br/><br/>To generate empathy, a story's characters must live and breathe. In this book, the reader cringes at every awkward misstep, and feel the burn of the casual scorn of the characters' peers.<br/><br/>The author has the rare gift of turning our lives inside/out so we have to face our innermost fears.
"Everything I Never Told You: A Novel" by Celeste Ng really surprised me with how good it was. I flipped through the book before I started to read it and wasn't sure if it was going to win me over but it did. I found it to be haunting, filled with family secrets, and with engaging dialogue. The story was multilayered with complex characters and enough twists and surprises that kept me reading.<br/><br/>Ng writes with the voice of a born storyteller with a unque, creative imagination. I can't wait to read more of her work.
I finished this book in the span of a single day - not for any lack of complexity within the story, but because I was simply so enthralled by Ng's writing that all other plans for the day went out the window while I hunched over this book for hours. Whether you are a husband, wife, mother, father, son, daughter, sister, or brother, I am confident that all readers will find the story equally relatable. Ng's debut novel (still almost unbelievable to me that this is her first) is heartbreaking and truly gorgeous. A must read for all!
Simply an amazing book. Has so many layers that it is impossible for me to effectively convey its elegance. All I can do, in my limited grasp of language, is to enthusiastically recommend this tragic tale to anyone who has ever had hopes, dreams, siblings, parents, or has felt like an outsider. Which has to include at least two of you. Seriously. Read this book. You will not be disappointed. You may try to be, just because you are a rebel, and who am I to tell you you won't be disappointed, I don't even know you. Read it anyway.
Loved this book about a family who appears to be good and happy but theyare everything but. Overall it is about how the unfulfilled needs of parents poisons the children. It is a very disturbing idea that parents project their unfullfilled lives unto the children and I was unsettled by the Lee family. This is the kind of fiction that rings true. I think everyone can identify with this theme. Excellent story that kept me up at night thinking, I hope im not doing this to my children but ofcourse I am. I mean, who is perfect.
I can say that the book is really well written, and the story catches your atention since the beginning, BUT this is the most depressing story EVER! I'm not going to go into the details, I don't want to spoil it, but if you are going through something in your life, or you are the type of person who gets to deep into the story line you shouldn't read it.<br/>I felt annoyed the whole time with everyone in the story.<br/>I just didn't like it.
One of the best books I've read in a while.  It has definitely stayed with me.  The only thing I didn't find believable was the sub plot with her brother and the neighbor.  But the pain and dysfunction in this family was so relatable.  It took tragedy for them to acknowledge how many things had always been wrong.  Each family member had some secret or memory that contributed to the overall dysfunction, and it didn't all come together until the end. The writing was excellent...I will surely read this author's next book.
What a beautifully written book about family relationships and about the consequences of not being authentic to the point that you end up living your life based on the agenda of others. Of course,this goes on to some extent in all families, but the readers have an insight that the family doesn't: we know how the story ends. The author does an excellent job in capturing all the little ways that we nip away at each other's souls, all in the name of love, until there is not much left of who we were created to be, Brava!!
Interesting look into bi-racial marriage during the 50's and 60's. James Lee marries the beautiful, blond. She's smart and doesn't want to "settle" on being a housewife as her Mother wished. Marilyn wanted to be a Doctor, but becomes pregnant and marries. Her quest to be a doctor rears its head, causing problems in their life. The oldest daughter gets the brunt of it, and never tells her mother how she feels, hence the title. Enjoyed the story. I liked Hannah best, for her insight and unobtrusive presence.
This was a "can't put it down" book and really gives insights into how we see ourselves and how we are seen by other people, even those who should know us best.  It's set in the 1970's, which is probably the world the author grew up in, and that time period allows some of the racism the family faces to be drawn more clearly, but it is not "dated".  What is most important here is not the racism--that is just a metaphor for "feeling different"--but the relationships, and the family dynamics.
This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  It is ripe for reflection and discussion, whether individual or in a group.  Every parent should read it as it forces one to consider parenting guidance.  On other levels, Everything... evokes pinpricks to fireworks of feelings regarding how we treat parents, friends, spouses:  human beings in general.<br/>With wonderful imagery and use of metaphors, it's a wake-up-in-the-middle-of-the-night-to-finish read.  That is what I just did.  Don't miss this one.
I enjoyed this book, though I thought the characters and messages were too heavy-handed and simplistic/cliche. What bothered me the most, however, was the genetic inaccuracy: A fully Asian man and a blue-eyed woman cannot produce a blue-eyed child! The father gives the big B, the mother the little b. That equals Bb, meaning a brown-eyed child. The character Jack even comments on Lydia's blue eyes, plus the mom is obsessed with medicine and science. This was sloppy of Celeste Ng, who should have done her homework.
I almost passed this book by, as I am not a fan of dead-children literature.  However, the daughter's death (not really a spoiler -- it's in the first sentence) serves as the fulcrum of the story without overshadowing the brilliant character development of the other family members.  I loved the way the details were gradually unwrapped, periodically changing the reader's mind as to what really happened.  Ultimately, it's a sweet and heartbreaking story about the damage that can be done by a lack of communication.
What was interesting about this book, is that you got to get inside the heads and hearts of all the characters in the family and truly empathize.  Things are certainly not always the way they seem to the observer.  It reminded me that our past is always a part of us, perception is everything, and good intentions are not always enough. Maybe the title should be extended to "Everything I never told you, but should have".  This was a satisfying read with excellent character development.  I truly enjoyed it.
This is one of those books that you will find yourself thinking about when your mind is quiet, at unexpected moments. Who are we? Are we what people want to see in us, projecting their own wants and needs onto us? Or can we find the strength to find our own truth even at the expense of others. Are we able to see behind the masks that people wear? Celeste Ng asks us these questions and shows the price we pay when we  try to make everyone but ourselves happy.  A brilliantly written first novel. You must read this.
Found very thought provoking how miners of families effect each other
This story starts out with the mysterious death of a young girl and I was so worried that it would get boring or predictable.  But SURPRISE.... this is one of the best books I have read!!  Anyone with a family will be able to relate and think back on how many "unspoken" and "misunderstood" things shaped the way their families interacted with one another.  This has made me think before I speak and speak when I may have stayed silent.....  Will DEFINITELY recommend this for our Book Club........
This book has many themes, but it is largely about "misperceptions."  Each character perceives life though his or her own prism and is misunderstood by even those closest to him or her.  "Everything I Never Told You" is not only about what we keep to ourselves, but also what we don't even realize we need to explain or clarify.  It definitely reflects real life and the author is quite skillful at pulling each character and their personal truths and their misconceptions together into a spellbinding story.
I absolutely loved this book. The writing seemed to flow so perfectly that I did not want to stop and put it down. Your heart truly breaks for this family- not only because of the death of their daughter, but because of the hardships they faced throughout their lives. I fully expected the focus to be on the mystery surrounding Lydia's death, but there is so much more to the novel than her story. The stories of her parents and siblings become just as interesting and consuming. Finished it in one weekend!
Wonderful read that kept me on the page from one through the ending.
Nothing special.  I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it to anyone.
Very eye-opening regarding life situations and cultural perspectives
I purchased this book after reading countless positive reviews, and I have to say, I agree with all of them. It's hard to believe this is Ng's first novel from how beautifully written it is. At the same time, however, it is an easy and quick read. I found myself not being able to put the book down and finished it within a week (which is never heard of from me). So, if you're looking for an interesting book that won't take up much of your time but at the same time will, I definitely recommend this one.
Kept me wondering; where I  thought the book was headed was absolutely wrong. I always like that -- to be surprised. The writing style is unique in how it skips briefly back in time to explain something but not in an annoying way so many books have where they start now and rehash all the past to get to the present, where we already started. For me, this is a story about the baggage we lug along with us and how, without meaning to, our baggage affects those that we love, sometimes in devastating ways.
Sad story. A family falling apart really. Mum wanting to be different does not listen to her own mother but wonders eventually if she was right. Sacrifices her career and then wants her daughter to have the education she missed out on. Dad just wants to fit in so takes a passive role. No lack of love in this family but no communication so when they lose a daughter / sister as a result everything begins to unravel. The lesson is to listen to our children and let them be especially at a difficult age.
How much do we ever know anyone, including our children? This book illustrates how hard it is to understand others when we are focused solely on ourselves and then use that egocentric frame to interpret the actions of others. It also deals with the issue of difference and what it means from an individual perspective to be different. This was a touching, thought-provoking account of one family's journey through the experience of loss as each member analyzes the source of their own personal struggles.
The book is well written and shows great insight into the dynamics of family relationships. However the underlying theme of the plot didn't quite ring true to me. The novel is set in the fifties and sixties when Chinese people were less common in many areas of the US, but this doesn't seem true today. Also, the multiple "aha" moments in the end felt false. However, I would recommend the book due to it's sophisticated look into how family/relational dynamics impact all members of the family.
I was mesmerized by this story of family members who seem overtaken by pain, but in the end gain understanding of themselves and each other. Ms. Ng's portraits of the members of the Lee family (and their friend/antagonist Jack) are specific and detailed. Each of these "outsiders" who keeps their suffering hidden from others is a unique and memorable character. Although the novel is set in the past, the insights about how spouses/parents/children/siblings can help and hurt each other are timeless.
The characters are not particularly likable, but they are real.  The mother, Marilyn, is totally self-centered and I felt angry with her.  Many parents do a head job on their children, but few are successful to the extent Marilyn is.<br/><br/>I liked it because although it is a very sad story of loss and misunderstanding, at the end the surviving children have a chance to overcome the tragedy and grow into mature adults.  It is by no means certain that they will do so, but they do have a shot.
I'm not good at writing reviews, but I loved this book.  Excellent.
A wonderful novel- I look forward to reading more from this author.
Ah, families.This novel just strips the covers off and lets us peer at the raw feelings of each family member as they deal with the death of a much-beloved sibling/child. When I finished it I wrote my own much-beloved daughter a love letter, amid tears that couldn't begin to cope with the depth of emotion this book evoked. The author captures the complexities of family dynamics in such a true and heartbreaking way that it reminded me of Amy Tan at her best. One of the best books I've ever read.
This particular story dwelled on the unfortunate side of being an ethnic minority in a small town in Ohio. It's also about how moms give up their career dreams to raise a family and then try to relive those dreams through their kids.  Or even fathers who do the same.  I still found this book a complete downer and wish that the author, Cynthia Ng, could have introduced a little humor.  There was really none at all...come on, all families have their problems but this one could never have any fun!
Somehow surprising and yet you know from the first line that the girl is dead. So well told, really a fascinating narrative style, and we're doled out these snippets of info with so much feeling, and slowly put the puzzle together of what happened and why, but knowing so little for most of the book, it's still not confusing because this family make sense, their silence and connection and all of it is just perfectly reasonable and yet awful. A very powerful story with a proper gut-punch ending.
It was an enjoyable read--an emotional (but not sappy) study in both the importance and the impossibility of saying what you mean. Some metaphors were repeated too often, and some parts were trite and predictable. However, these things did little to detract from the overall quality of the narrative. Some unique perspectives were explored in the omniscient observations of a nontraditional family dynamic during the 1970's. A few hours spent reading this novel were a sound investment of my time.
This book was selected by the Amazon Editors as the 2014 #1 Book of the Year.  I must admit that I’m very much looking forward to discussing it with my Neighbors at our April Book club meeting.  However, for me personally, it isn’t anywhere near the top of my 2014 list or any other year for that matter.  It is admittedly well written and full of interesting and dynamic characters but I found it to be extremely depressing and could hardly wait to be finished so I can move on to something else.
The various viewpoints of the family and related characters were the most interesting parts of the book.<br/>Easily, this is a story that can be told in a range of extremes by most families- slightly to highly dysfunctional.  Family baggage is the defining characteristic in this story, and so many people will identify with the emotions and misunderstanding, the lack of communication, the save-your-self mentality.<br/><br/>I personally found the book belabored, but my Book Club loved it.
This is a poignant, powerful, thought-provoking novel, at times painful but always engrossing. I found the story grabbed me from the start and kept me turning the pages -- although I would force myself to stop at times and appreciate what I'd just read. I don' t understand the negative reviews of this book. The characters were not always sympathetic but they were true to the author's portrayal of their histories. I also enjoyed the author's specificity of particulars about the time period.
I will look for every future book she writes. I'm not going to summarize the book, enough has been written in that light. I love her prose, her painful unveiling of family dynamics, and regardless of ethnicity, families are painful and she captures it beautifully and with heart. I literally stayed up all night reading the book and then sent a text to my best reader friend that she must read it immediately. Highly recommend, it's filled with pain but also hope and insight. Loved it.
An amazing story which starts with the disappearance of the teen age daughter, Lydia,  In dealing with their grief the family members struggle to stay together as each child tries to protect the parents in their own way.  As  the narrative goes back and forth in time, the parents' personal agendas appear which were never recognized as well as their awareness of what they didn't know about each other.<br/>This is a story of personal tragedy and growth with a very surprising ending.
Hated this book because it hit home too closely. It is emotionally wrenching; everyone will relate to the characters in this seemingly perfect, yet dysfunctional, family. Multiple perspectives and timelines were well done, with only minor hiccups in getting the reader' bearings with switches. In the end, though, it left me thinking about my own family and how well we really know each other. We are going to discuss the book, and ourselves, once the rest of the family has read it!
Two weeks ago I finished this book. .Now I can't remember what I read.  Me? The book?  Yet again, a dysfunctional family--in what sense.though? Life has its ups and downs.  Yes, we don't always realize our dreams. Do we take that out on others?  Maybe that's the moral here.  If that says something to the reader, then all power to the author.  I'm not sure that that's the point.  The portrayal of an Asian American feeling always an outsider is well done.and makes one think.  .
It would be helpful if Amazon would clearly designate when a book is for "young adults" so old cranks like me would not waste our time and money slogging through the caterwauling. While I do admire this young woman for completing the book she had apparently agreed to write, really, this is humorless sludge and should not be encouraged. I cannot imagine what sort of reader actively enjoys this kind of depressing, scolding, cautionary tale, so I can't recommend it for anyone.
From its first line, this book sucked me in. Such a unique perspective of the Chinese American experience. Being an immigrant myself, I could relate so much to the idea of fitting in, blending in. But I never looked different as the Lee family members did.  Plus the brilliant Marilyn's feminist self being held down due to the decade she was born and projecting her own goals onto poor Lydia? So beautifully revealed and unfolded here. Excellent novel. Ng can write! Brilliant!
***SPOILERS***<br/><br/><br/> starts off really well, pulling the reader by the throat right into the story and right into the Lee family.  By the end of the book, however, I found myself just wanting to get away from the Lee family; one reason being that Lydia's death ends up being totally meaningless.  Even if the family changed as a result of it, she did not have to die for the family to change.  Her death was nothing but a quiet type of melodrama, that would probably be only truly appreciated by teenage readers.<br/><br/>Two other reasons for wanting to get away from the Lee family were Mr. & Mrs. Lee.  James Lee, the father, is acutely aware of prejudice and discrimination.  Not that there was anything wrong with that, and I'm sure all that he noticed was true, but it did not make good reading in this novel.  He just came up with one memory and observation after another, and did really nothing about any of them.  His wife, Marilyn, ends up seeming like nothing but a caricature of a woman who gave up medical school to get married and have children; deeply resented it, ran away, came back; and then spent all of her waking moments living vicariously through her oldest daughter, pushing her every minute towards medical school.<br/><br/>Also, while the story takes place mostly in the 1960s and 1970s, it doesn't capture the time period at all.  It simply repeatedly brings up news events and television shows from those two decades.  One of the funniest things about that lack of genuine familiarity of the decade involved the neighbor Jack, who Lydia starts to hang around with.  He's got a secret.  Not only does Lydia figure it out, so does her much younger sister Hannah.  In my opinion, girls their ages in a small town in Ohio in the 1970s would have had no idea what Jack's secret was, unless he had come right out and explicitly explained it to them, which he did not. And he would not.  He would not give the slightest hint to anyone, who wasn't like him, the secret he was keeping.<br/><br/>By the end of the summer of 1977, life goes on for the Lee family, except for Lydia.  Lydia's bright shining star obviously had to fall into the darkness, so all the other lesser stars in the family could shine.  In a sense, her death saved others.  And she probably wouldn't have died if only one of those girls from school had been her friend, if she had had someone to talk to and wasn't always so all alone.  See how this story goes?  It reads in many ways like a YA novel.  It's teenage self-pity, messiah complex stuff.  Yet, I can't recommend it to older teenagers, because I don't think they would stay interested in the lives of Lydia's parents.  And I can't recommend it to adult readers, because Lydia's death was meaningless.
I couldn't stop reading this book.  The issue of parental favoritism is something that everyone can relate too, unless of course, they were raised as an only child.  This book had a somewhat healing effect on my me as I am the Meg Griffin of my family.  I think it is important to both the favored and not so favored to realize that sometimes parental issues are the root of this problem, not the children themselves.  Every parent (present or future) should read this novel.
The intricate balance of words carefully formed... Never quite the truth.<br/>The effect on each family member. Words and thoughts swallowed and<br/>twisted into what they believe each other wants to hear. The truth rattling around<br/>in their minds but never touching their tongues. A fascinating book of our need to belong<br/>and be accepted. The tragedies that come in the wake of half truths, assumptions and misunderstandings.<br/>A fascinating well written book.
This book was so incredibly amazing!!  As an Asian-American who grew up in the 70's, I felt like this author totally "got me".  She really understood what it meant to feel like you never quite fit in even if you were born here and you spoke no other languages aside from English.  The author was very subtle, yet there were so many messages and themes running around in the story.  In the end, she pulled them all together for those who were paying attention.
When favorite daughter Lydia disappears, her parents and siblings try to piece together what might have happened. The story jumps around in time eventually giving the reader the whole story of the events leading up to the disappearance and the aftermath. This was a  heartwrenching story of family members lost in their own problems, hurting and hurting each other. The writing was compelling and poetic, though the overuse of similes got a bit distracting at times.
When will we adults realize how devastating our words, actions, and lack of actions are to our families.  I am blown away by the sheer arrogance, selfishness, and lack of awareness of the mother and father.  My heart weeps for the characters and children everywhere who are being raised by such self absorbed adults who use their children's lives for their Own Personal Do Over .  So very sad and pathetic.  The book was moving, gut retching, and finally hopeful.
Elegant novel that is somewhat literary in tone and structure, while still being very accessible.  I enjoyed the story, although the presenting subject is dark.  It is obviously too late for the central character, daughter Lydia who is dead from the book's beginning, to benefit from later events and understanding that affect the family members, but there is an uplifting tone nevertheless.  The dead daughter is a martyr archetype in this story, but it works.
This novel grabs you from line one and doesn't let you go until well after the last line of the book. For the first time in a long time a novel dives so deeply into each character, that you can imagine what they feel, how they think and why they do the things they do.<br/>Celeste Ng masterfully tells the story of this family by diving into their past, present and future. You KNOW this family and you understand their longings, their choices and their loss.
Every parent wants the best for their children. But how do we decide what is best?  Lydia is gone and all the dreams her parents had for her have ended. Marilyn groomed Lydia for a career in medicine and was stunned to find out that all of Lydia 's journals were blank. James just hoped that Lydia would fit in. They found out they never knew her.  Who was Lydia and what events led to this tragedy? At what point could the events have turned out differently?
No twists whatsoever.  Wll written, but somewhat predictable.
Really enjoyed this book. Great discussion book for book club
I kept expecting something really great to happen. Never did.
Gripping introduction and unique, well developed protagonists. Interesting theme of 2nd generation Chinese family in small town America and the feeling of being misplaced within your own country.  However, I don't feel this book lives up to all the hype surrounding it, it became quite monotonous at times. By the cessation of the novel the plot had become quite stagnant. Aside from this, it is well worth a read, just don't expect a literary masterpiece.
I wanted to like this book so very much. It started out so strong, the writing so fluid and poetic, but the characters are one dimensional and shallow. Terrible human beings with out even a glitter of humanity.  I also found that their problems were small idiosyncrasies blown up into massive dramas. Over all, the characters are dislikable, and towards the end I found myself skimming over the pages to just finish the book quicker.  Pass on this book.
A story of racism, sexism, and stereotypes.  A story of shattered dreams and unrealized expectations.  What happens to a mixed race family -- one formed of desires to accomplish what others thought they could not --  in the 60's and 70's that causes tragic consequences?  What pressures do we, as parents, place on our children to accomplish what we have failed to do?  This novel is tragic, but  beautifully written, and important in scope and message.
I could not put this book down, the characters were so broken and so misunderstood, it was a great commentary on our times. I'm sure there are many women who felt like Marilyn. An MRS was a coveted diploma at one time, and yet there's much more to this story besides Marilyn's disillusionment. I enjoyed the biracial aspect and how difficult it can be to fit in to society. I can relate to this issue and love the confrontation of a sticky relationship.
The story, about a boring and depressing family in an equally drab venue, is only made worse by the authors narrative dribble that goes on and on and goes nowhere. The same themes are visited over and over without adding any substance. The narrative is excessively peppered with irrelevant descriptions of this and that that seem to serve no other purpose other than to fill up the pages.<br/>The authors writing is dull and often predictable using cliché's instead of imagination and creativity. I only kept reading just to see whodunit but even that wasn't worth the journey.<br/><br/>Perhaps my review would have been kinder had Amazon not set me up with high expectations, after all...it was Amazons top pick of 2014. Really Amazon?  Can I get a refund?
Having raised a family during the time frame of this novel,  I found myself questioning some of my own decisions in the upbringing of my children. The author was extremely effective in conveying how decisions made with right effort can have unintentional negative repercussions on others.  Kudos to the author forGiving the reader insight into what it felt like, or feels like, to be a minority in American society.  A very thought provoking read.
Wow!  Heavy!  Very involved characters.  Somewhat depressing in how the characters interacted--or didn't interact-- in the book, but I'm sure it's realistic in the expectations of some parents.  Sure shows that communication is everything, and parents need to be more "forth-coming" with their children about their motivations and intentions toward their children, and need to listen to the needs and wants of their children, too.  Tragic.
What brings us to the death of 16-year-old Lydia Lee who seemingly had everything to live for?<br/><br/>Celeste Ng's skillful writing gives us a complex story that examines issues of race and identity and a young woman's desire to define herself.  Told from the point of view of several different characters, Everything I Never Told You is suspenseful and absorbing.  Celeste Ng took a difficult subject and delivered complicated characters.
Great read, slightly depressing but I couldn't put it down.
Kind of slow for my taste, I tried and quit before page 100
Wow!  Amazing story.  Very well-written.  Highly recommend.
In this beautifully crafted novel, Ms. Ng's characters come to life.  It was like peering in a neighbor's window or eavesdropping on a conversation that one eventually regrets hearing. Each character must deal with the disappointments that come with life with each one blaming their circumstances on someone else. The story, centered around family dynamics, kept me enthralled. I also appreciated the well-written passages that helped me visualize each scene.
As may be seen from the numerous postings, Ms. Ng has an exquisite writing style.  The story presents a heart-breaking look at a family that is unable to communicate despite the best intentions.  It shows the effect each family member has on the other and the fragility of outlook during teenage years.  There are some gratuitous passages, including a homosexual theme that seemed underdeveloped to me. However, overall, the story is unique.
Well told story that seamlessly weaves back and forth in time. Though Lydia is dead and the reader looks to discover how this happened, I found the most compelling theme of the story to be the feelings the Chinese-Americans have when faced with their 'differentness '' in a Caucasian dominated environment. I read it in a couple of days.  Not wonderful, but good.
The characters are a bit frustrating at times but overall a good read.  Finished in less 3 days, kept drawing me back.  Interesting family dynamics and highlights the difficulties of being the only Asain family in an all white community and the difficulties the mixed children of the marriage face at school.  Explores the problem of a mother who was unable to fulfill her dreams pushing her oldest daughter to fulfill them on her behalf.
I have been rather stingy with the stars I have doled out so far this summer,perhaps waiting for the right book, This book  was beautifully written and had so many layers to it. It was not a happy story, but reality seldom is, on all levels,  It addresses gender, ethnic, and sexual inequalities, all woven into a time when families rarely communicated honestly about these topics, This is a beautiful book that I will likely read again,
I loved reading this book. It reminded me of what it was like to be a teenager and want to start fresh. The characters were very real, and all hold their own secrets. The mystery of the book isn't so much the daughters death, though that is clearly the focus, but how each person reacts to the tremendous pressure placed on them from their family. Celeste Ng does a wonderful job making the characters clear and relate able.
Celeste Ng has as her first novel, created a perfect parable on the nature of family. As much as we believe, and try our best to shape the destinies of those closest to us, our partners our children, life is chaotic and we miss our aim. The resulting feelings are played out so beautifully here, and she allows us to live in each character and to experience them. If only we were allowed to see our own families this well.
This book deals with the intense complications of a family's truth and falsehood, expectations fulfilled and not, against a background of interracial marriage and changing understanding of gender roles. It is tragic and sad but there is some healing in the end, between the couple, parent and child, siblings, and the children and their neighbor.
I loved the beginning of this book. The premise was exciting. But, when the story shifted to the parents and their history and romance I lost all interest in it. I didn't like or respect either of them and it's hard for me to stay with a book if I don't care about the characters. I wanted the story to shift back to the missing teen and focus on HER. It's rare that I read 50% of a book and then abandon it. But, I disliked the story of her parents and chose to leave it all behind.
I decided to read this book based on: 1. The high number of positive reviews it received, and 2. Due to its basis of a multicultural family, which I found intriguing as my own family is multicultural.<br/><br/>The book starts off with the middle daughter, Lydia, of a middle-class family presumed to be missing and eventually found to be dead. The rest of the book discusses possible circumstances and suspects that may have contributed or directly led to her death. We know where she died, but not how she died until the end of the book.<br/><br/>This book is set in the 70's. It is about a multicultural family (Chinese father, White mother, mixed-race children) living in a small town in Ohio. The family desperately want their kids to fit in, as any parent would. However, the kids find it hard to fit in as they are often isolated from their schoolmates for being, or rather LOOKING different. The parents especially wish for their middle child, Lydia, to fit in. She is considered the prettiest of the 3 children because despite her black hair and Asian features, she most resembles her White mother and she has blue eyes. Her parents favor her on her looks alone. They expect a lot from her. Her father wants her to be popular and buys her nice gifts that he doesn't buy for his other kids. Her mother wants Lydia to be intelligent and to become a doctor; something we later learn she herself wasn't able to do because she was married and got pregnant young, at which point her husband preferred she stay home and care for the kids. Lydia's mother goes so far as to check abd correcf Lydia's homework each morning, whicb she doesn't do for her other kids.<br/><br/>The pressure from her family is too much for Lydia. She fakes being popular in front of her parents by pretending to talk to friends on the phone, when she is really talking to a dead line or offering homework help. She fakes being intelligent in subjects she struggles with by hiding bad test grades from her parents. She eventually befriends a "bad boy" to boost her reputation, but they develop a genuine friendship and we are lead to believe they are secretly dating.<br/><br/>Eventually, all the pressure from Lydia's parents and peers becomes too much for her, and she "disappears". This is where we start learning the back story of the other characters. We learn that Lydia's father is a first generation American and faced a lot of discrimination trying to get a professorial job due to his being Chinese. We learn how Lydia's mother gave up her dreams and ambitions for love, only to regret it later and become bitter about it.<br/><br/>One of the primary themes viewed in this novel is how each parent tries to relive their failed dreams and ambitions through their daughter Lydia. For some reason, they do not have these same expectationa of their older son or younger daughter. The father views his older son as a version of his younger self, and therefore seems to think his son can't be successful since the father failed to complete his dreams. The younger daughter was not a planned pregnancy and is an afterthought throughout the book.<br/><br/>This novel could truly have been set in the present day instead of in the 70's. Although the author makes it seem as if being a mixed-race family in a small town is the root of many of the family's problems, I did not see this as the case at all. The family's problems seem to stem from the failure of the parents and their attempts to live vicariously through their daughter, which can happen in any family. This is the TRUE theme of the novel. While the author reiterates how the children are isolated at school because of their mixed ethnicity, I find this hard to believe - even in the 70's. In the 70's, there were many black and Japanese groups living in the area (either to escape the worst of racism or to take advatage of the farming opportunities), as well as diverse European ethnic groups. (However, I can understand the family being stared at or judged when venturing out as a unit.) Lydia's older brother is very protective of her. I find it hard to believe that he is not jealous of her when he is constantly being shafted by his parents and picked on by his dad. The baby of the family is often the most spoiled and coddled. Instead, Lydia's younger sister is invisible to her family. She is also protective of Lydia instead of being jealous of everything Lydia gets and she doesn't. There is a lot of love and no competition between the siblings. I find this impossible to believe. I too come from a 3 child family of 1 boy and 2 girls and we were constantly competing for the love and affection of our parents, as well as competing against each other.<br/><br/>Lastly, the author could have done a better job with Lydia's death. Without giving anything away, her death is linked to an event in her childhood. That event from her childhood should have been more detailed and better explained. As it stands, the connection is so tenuous that it borders on ridiculous.<br/><br/>This novel could truly describe any family in the present day and age. Don't read this novel for a cultural experience or to read about what the 70's were like. Read it to see how parents project their dreams onto their kids and the effect that has on the kids. While parts of the novel could have been better thought out, the writing and editing itself was good. I'd give this book 3 stars.
A sad, thought provoking, profound and compelling portrait of a family whose lives are colored by a mixed race marriage and unfulfilled dreams.  The events of the story are told through the perceptions of the parents and children living in small town America during the mid 1950s and 60s.  The writing is hauntingly beautiful and simple, but the story is incredibly disturbing.  This was an emotionally difficult read.
With a tragedy, each person analyzes, re-thinks, assumes blame, accuses, in order to face the sudden  change. After Lydia's death, each family member becomes isolated from one another, more so than before the death. In search of new equilibrium and balance, the past and present rearrange a vision for the future. The narrative allows a reader to think about personal challenges, and to reorganize resilience and hope.
I liked it, I didn't love it. It was a bit formulaic in that it met certain expectations in a story of prejudice and loneliness for many of the characters. The most complicated character in my view was the mother, but her choices seemed her own, and then her life one she might not have chosen. Yet her choices results in a cascade of hurts and difficulties for her children, to which she seemed primarily oblivious.
I truly enjoyed this novel.  It gave me so many things to think about.  Despite the fact that this took place over 40 years ago, we are still facing the same issues: discrimination, Parents living through their children, families who don't communicate, and the horror that ensues as a result of these issues.  I would recommend this book to everyone who is willing to open their minds to the reality of this scenario
Love this book from beginning to end. I felt connected as I lost a sibling suddenly and our family will always be searching for a "why" that we'll never get. I values the authors explanation of how each family members' decisions affected the other is exponential ways; and they didn't even realize it. It really makes you consider all people when making decisions, making a joke, or verbalizing a statement.
Great book for teachers and parents to read,and analyse the phsycological impact of:1= making of their children's lives, their own life frustration. whoever they didn't became.  2= favoring one and ignoring the rest, planting the seeds of desperation, anxiety, guilt, stupidity, and more, not acknowledging the damage they caause by forcing some behaviors that some teens take advantage of when they are at school.
There were lines in the novel that struck me for their beauty, and  few moments when I felt sympathy for the characters but all in all, I felt very little connection to any of them. I wanted to think that was the author's intent... to create a disconnect between the characters and the reader to further highlight the loneliness that they all felt in life from being different.  But I just wanted the book to end.
This book was just sad. I was hoping that it would get better but it didn't. However I enjoy how real the book is. Though it's fiction, it truly depicts real life. I can see a story like this playing out in so many families. Racism, acceptance, fear, sexuality, family trials and tribulations, it's all a common issue in so many lives today. A somber book was I had to finish it, so it does keep you wondering.
Everything I Never Told You draws the reader in emotionally from the first page.  Even though we know the concrete outcome at the beginning of the book, the story of how the family gets to the outcome is compelling.  I wanted to know everything about each member of the family.  Yet, because the book is so well-written, I did not want to get to the end. Ms. Ng creates a vivid narrative.  An outstanding book.
The parents were perplexing to me. All the pressure they put on their eldest daughter Lydia, while very much ignoring their other children, Nate and Hannah. It was a little over the top at times, to a point that it bordered on not being believable for me. All and all, it was a good story, with good character development.<br/><br/>I listened to this audiobook. Cassandra Campbell is always a good narrator.
The book goes from current to past experiences back and forth.  Sometimes it's difficult to keep the past and present in sync.  A vary disfunctional family, all members.  The book is about a Japanese man that marries an Anglo women and the problems they asa result, primarily because they hav three children and what happens to them in school.  It was interesting, but not one of my favorite books.<br/>Mike
I thought the premise of the novel was unrealistic.  Teenage angst and adult blindness about teenage angst could and does lead to tragic results.  This book was very readable but by the time I had finished the book and thought about it awhile it was just "no"!  However it is light reading and fast so if your bored and nothing to do.... buy it and see what you think.  My entire book club liked it.
Well written, deeply emotional, challenging characters
How Ms. Ng manages to be both ethereal and Spartan in her writing is a mystery to me. Every word on the page contributes to the whole, and a lot is packed into the 300 pages of her first novel. The dysfunction of the Lee family is wrenching, but the family's moments of choice let us 'work out' our own pasts. The image of little Hannah being housed in the attic with the unwanted furniture  stays with me.
Read this for a Book Club.  Glad I did.  Otherwise probably would not have found it.  This was billed as a "mystery."  It's not.  A saga about a family and the incredible but believable, challenges they face.  Good read.  I wish an editor had cut out a couple of those paragraphs were one of the kids is fussing with the bottom of the cereal bowl.  But that's a real nit.  Enjoyable; well-written.
This is an intricate and beautifully written story about a family, their hopes and dreams, fears, humiliation, needs, sacrifices, love, hate, misunderstanding, loss, heartbreak. The family is a unique blending of personalities and circumstance, as is every family. It is artistically told from the perspective of each person and a deftly woven compelling, provoking, relatable, moving thread of humanity
This is, quite simply, one of the best books I've had the pleasure of experiencing. I say 'experiencing' because for me the book was so much more than something to read. There were many times when I reread sentences because they were so succinct and powerful. I also had to put this beautiful book down because, at time, a phrase or idea brought me to tears. I cannot recommend this novel highly enough.
Found it to be a good read, but I would not have chosen it as 2014 Book of the Year.  There were a lot of emotional and heart wrenching issues and decisions for the main characters and they were presented in such a manner that I wanted to keep reading.  I got into it, the political issues were certainly there, but not an in your face approach.  Again, I enjoyed it, but would not make it a must read.
In the beginning I was not sure if the writing.  But after reading into the novel, I really found that the writing was perfect for the story.  Also, I started to be able to relate to some characters feelings and able to recognize similarities in between the family and ones in reality that I hear about.  Overall the book is very moving and I enjoyed the different perspective that each character had.
Not bad, but I'm not sure what all the fuss is about.
well told, riveting story had me racing home to read.
This is one of the saddest stories I have read.  There is Marilyn, a woman whose dream is to be a doctor who marries a Chinese professor never achieving her dream.  Their children, Nath, Lydia, and Hannah. Her parents pin all their hopes on Lydia to the neglect of their other children.  Lydia's death tears the family apart.
Insightful in how dysfunctional relationships develop and the consequence of such. I think any one with siblings will find something to relate to. I Cannot speak to the accuracy of the diffulties of ethnic influence, but certainly it makes you think. I enjoyed the book which I listened to on audio but at times was a little slow. A few unrealistic scenarios you can overlook for the big picture.
I can't possibly put a better-written review than what's already here, everyone who's reviewed so succinctly how powerful this novel is, how jaw-dropping the writing is and the incredulity that this is Ms. Ng's first novel. What I WILL write is that this book cut to my soul as a parent how consciously or not, EVERYTHING we say and do in our children's lives affect them.<br/>WELL DONE MS. NG!
This is not my normal genre of fiction (sci-fi/fantasy).  I read an article on it and picked the book up because the synopsis resonated with my personal background.  This is a superb book full of themes I have visited in my own life: casual racism, fitting it in, striving to meet the goals of others, and identity.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has ever reflected on these issues.
Excellent, haunting and complicated story, depicting how our pasts )and our choices) shape not only us and our futures, but those of our children. Sharp and realistic probing of how relationships within families can actually function, regardless of how they look to outsiders or whether parents believe they're parenting in an even-handed manner. I would read her next works without hesitation.
I'm not sure how this got to be Amazon's #1 Book of the Year -- it's not that stellar -- but it's a very good first novel and a good and interesting read. I found the writing solid, the plot well crafted and the issues raised -- racism in America, how parents' expectations can crush their kids, and family dynamics --worth thinking about and discussing. I look forward to Ms. Ng's next book.
Beautifully written. Very insightful.  Helped me as a parent see ways I over-do it that might be destructive to others. My only complaint (reason for 4.5 instead of 5) is that it's a bit too melodramatic for my tastes, and I think some of the characters' behaviors are perhaps over the top, not realistic enough in my opinion.  But a very good read and a great one for book club discussions.
With the first line being 'Lydia is dead', I had been putting off reading this book, thinking it would be too depressing. How wrong was I. While it is incredibly sad, it is a profoundly beautiful, well crafted book about family, loss and love. It is truly hard to believe that this is a debut novel. There is an elegance in the writing that show that Celeste Ng is an immense talent. Read it
I loved this book. It is one of the best written and most poignant books I've read in a long time.  The story unwinds like a spool of silk and each page took me deeper into this family through measured unraveling and revelation. By not saying things, this family said everything. Ng is a brilliant writer, and there are many lessons as well as something for everyone in this wonderful book.
To me this book became leaden under the weight of the unremitting tragedy of each character. Understanding what James and Marilyn experienced did not alleviate the awfulness with which they treated all 3 children. Glad to finish and can't imagine recommending it to anyone. The best book of 2014? Station Eleven, a wonderful journey for any reader and deserved National Book Award finalist.
This family drama set in the 1950's-1970's focuses on the pain of mixed race family and the challenges of a life lived in a small town in Ohio. While the author draws incredibly detailed portraits of several characters, the crushing silence conveyed in the novel's title is often overwhelming.  If a compelling, at times suffocating, family drama is appealing, then this is a book for you.
A moving and engaging story that made me think about what it would be like to walk in another person's shoes.<br/>While l questioned the motives and actions of characters, I couldn't deny that they were acting like most people could/would act.<br/>I did predict some things that happened, but I don't think it was predictable in a negative kind of way.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
This is a powerful book which tells the essence of the plot in the first chapter and uses the rest of the book to discover what makes each character tick and how their personalities affect the decisions they make. Each character is carefully drawn and it truly takes until the very end for the story to be truly complete. Beautifully written; compelling prose style. Didn't want it to end.
Absolutely unforgettable and wonderful novel.  I hated for it to end, but I loved how it ended.  I do not understand any poor reviews for this book, unless they read a comic book version of it instead of this beautifully written and constructed story.  Such sympathetic characters with the types of issues that only happen in real families.  I can hardly wait for this author's next book!
I had never read any of this author's work before and was very pleasantly surprised. This was a deeply compelling story, rich in detail, with strong characters. I look forward to reading her next novel.  The subject matter was a little disturbing as it revolved around the death of a teenage girl and how her family copes in the aftermath, but the portrait of family life was realistic.
An overall enjoyable read with a lively brisk pace and involving story. I enjoyed the mysterious aspect--though tragic-- of this story. It's a page turner and a read you'll  definitely take along with you to the beach or on a long plane ride. Bottom line: brisk moving story is at the core here --but characters are not so engaging.
The way the focus shifts between characters felt watching a film where the camera pans around the room. Really masterful writing. A heartbreaking look at a family's failure and longing to honestly connect with each other. I've grown tired recently of predictable murder mysteries, and was happy to discover this wasn't that kind of book. This isn't a mystery, it's a family portrait.
Very unusual twist on relationships, especially multi-cultural.  My husband is multi-ethnic and grew up in a time when that was not the norm.  He did not have the same experience as these kids but he was not popular either.  I found both parents to be wonderful people in their own way, but hard on each other.  I liked the book a lot and would recommend it for family relationships.
I thought this book was powerful in the telling of what can happen when a parent wants a child to live out a life that they did not complete. This also led to ignoring other children in the family. I was a little foggy on why the mother's time away from the family was a secret to be revealed except maybe that is how the whole picking her daughter to do what she didn't came about.
I loved this book.  The very first sentence hooked you!  Well developed characters and plot, beautifully written and thought provoking.  You felt that you really knew the characters and you wanted more.<br/>The only flaw was that the ending wrapped up too quickly and neatly. My book club read this book and we had a great discussion. I look forward to reading more by this author.
This book was quite sad.  No one in the mixed race family (Chinese/American father, white American mother, son and two daughters) was able to express his true feelings to each other. Both parents imposed their own unfulfilled dreams on the older two kids, always loving them and thinking the kids would triumph. as they had not.  The reader is left with a lot of thoughts to ponder.
I found the book to be engaging from the beginning. The author did a great job of giving the reader the gift of getting to know the characters. I felt like I was with them in their house, witnessing the events unfold as they did.  I would totally recommend reading it. It reminds us of how many things go unsaid, in our own relationships and moves us to not let those moments pass.
Heart-wrenching insights into how our own perceptions and desires color our closest relationships. Lydia's death is a given right at the novel's start. The author creates a page turner by gradually revealing the reasons for that death. The tragedy is deepened by hearing the story unfold from each family member's perspective. A reminder of what really matters. Sad and unlifting.
This story of a family in shambles, without direction, without the ability to communicate, resonates with heartbreak from page one on. With deep feeling this author peels back the layers of deception, despair and yet ultimately hope at the core of this family. They are all blind to each other and to themselves. But they come to see finally the truth behind the eyes. Well done.
I started this story as a Grandmother and ended it as an enlightened. Parents. I thought about my own children and my past dreams for them, mostly unfulfilled. I realized that children have dreams of their own and they walk their own path. This story made me aware of the gentleness parents should use as they guide their children in fulfilling THEIR dreams. A great red at read!
This novel is well-written but a big downer about a poor mother-daughter relationship, then the daughter marries and cannot relate to her husband or children positively, and one of her children dies. Most of the book is about what happened prior to the child's death and how the death affects each family member. If you want to feel down in the dumps, this is the book for you.
What a dark read that sears an image of the Lee family in my mind forever.  This book creates a portrait of gloom as each character unfolds.  However uncomfortable, I wanted to keep reading about the broken  dream the author exploits. The way the story weaves back and forth from each character's point of view left me craving for more.  A haunting story of things left unsaid.
This is a thoroughly sad story but I found it hopeful at the end and want the characters to all be better because of what they've learned. It is often painful to know each member of this family has something important to share, something that would help everyone of them and yet they keep quiet, a pound thundering quiet that envelops them all. I highly recommended this book
Beautifully crafted and so well written. The family dysfunction is that they cannot or will not share their inner feelings. But Celeste Ng knows them so well; and describes each life so exquisitely, so tenderly and lovingly, that the novel becomes more about love than the unnecessary death. If it's good writing you're looking for, read this one. Celeste Ng is a talent.
It was okay but not as good as the other reviews.
Suicide. Nobody wants to talk about it. And never imagine somebody you know well committing suicide. In this case, the signs we're there, but nobody saw it because they were too busy with other things...race, mixed race, and never talked about that either, while it was clear that it defined everything the family did...a very sad book, in which a lot was left unsaid...
This story captured me from the beginning. The language is thought provoking. The characters are empathetic. Half way through the book I realized that the story was going to stay very somber. If you are not in the space to read a sad story then put this one on your list for when you are. I certainly need a recovery book from this one, something more airy and hopeful.
This is an incredible first novel!  I could not put it down.  Ng's discussion of the complexities of family interactions are akin to those of an experienced psychologist.  Ms. Ng has wisdom beyond her years and an ear for internal dialogue that is truly amazing. This is an author I will continue to follow.  Let's hope we don't have to wait too long for her next book.
I purchased this book when I saw it on a list of best novels of the year. It was a let down. Most of the time the writer had so much to say that it was thrown together that I would confuse who was talking and what they were talking about. She built up  a lot of anticipation for what happen to the girl but I was not amazed or shocked when it came to the big reveal.
I liked this book, and it is an eye opener for parents who try to live their lives over through their kids. We need to realize our kids, just like us, have their own missions in life and should be allowed to go after whatever goals they choose. They may not want to take our path! It was a good mystery as well as a lesson to be learned. Good read for men and women!
Not what I was hoping for.  A totally dysfuntional family story that ends in tragedy.  Just not my kind of book.  I like books that make me feel good and this was definitely not a feel good book.  I felt so sorry for all the children that were not to blame, and they all suffered terribly.  I would not read again and would never recommend it to anyone else to read.
Fascinating who-done-it blending family & cultural dynamics. Read the whole thing in one night only because I didn't want to put it down.<br/><br/>You won't love or understand all the characters - but they resonate. Our book club had a great discussion with different opinions about the characters and how things that influenced them impacted their relationships.
This was a page-turner, and a satisfying read, but the themes got a little repetitive after awhile -- I kept thinking to myself "yeah I get it, the family has xyz problems, let's get on with the story." That said, I appreciated the exploration of inter-cultural marriage and families nestled into a pretty gripping mystery. Not flawless, but worth reading.
The main characters in this book made me impatient and disbelieving.  Although they spilled over with painful emotions, raw disappointment, and were blinded  by self deception -- and  misperceptions of each other--<br/>There were too many cliche ridden scenes for my taste--harsh criticism for a book I read in one sitting & actually enjoyed more than it seems
Halfway through the book I wondered if Celest Ng had written others as I was so enjoying it I wanted to look forward to another!  Beautifully written story.  So much depth and empathy.  Do hope Celest can<br/><br/>Halfway through I wondered if Celeste Ng had written another so I had more to look forward to!  Beautifully written.  So much depth and empathy.
I never expected this book to read like a thriller, but that's exactly how it reads. The opening line is so startling it almost seems like a gimmick, as if it's trying to be a thriller so hard it just can't help but fail. But it succeeds wildly. This isn't a book that stays home, you'll end up grabbing it as you leave just in case you have time. Spectacular.
I loved learning about the back story of the parents which leads us to understand the children.  I found it so interesting to see how children process what they learn  from their parents and how parents try to make the lives of their children different from what they had.  In this case, to an extreme which sends them over the top.  I really enjoyed the book.
This is a beautifully written book with the story unfolding from at least five different perspectives. Sensitive, raw, tender & humiliating are some of the words to describe this family drama.  I've read that this is the first novel by the author, Celeste Ng.  Bravo, Ms Ng!  I, along with thousands of your other fans, will be eagerly awaiting your next book.
I guess I had my hopes up for this book but it just didn't do much for me.  I liked the author's style of writing but this could have been encapsulated in a short story and been fantastic.  It simply never came together and I wish I hadn't wasted my money but, on the other hand, I'm not sorry I read it.  It was only two hours of my life I'll never get back.
Highly recommend this book. I loved getting to know this family and seeing how much what's NOT being said can affect everyone. Just a good reminder to not only listen to your children but watch their reactions to what YOU think is best for them, it may not always be what is right for them. Heartbreaking & brilliant. I can't wait for Celeste Ng's next book!
Makes me wonder what I did wrong as a mother...
Great book. Loved it from the beginning to end!
This was a really good book that allows the reader to reflect on their own lives. Worth the read if you are looking for something deeper and meaningful. The writing style was ok, but it quickly switched from character to character mid paragraph which caused a lot of rereading to figure out who was speaking now. I would have given 5 stars if not for that.
Beautifully written, deeply felt. Everything I Never Told You explores differences; how we feel them and how we deal with them. do we value or dead them?  There are so many things that can separate us from others, that make us vulnerable to criticism.  No one becomes a complete person by constantly meeting  the expectations of others.  A wonderful story.
Really liked this book because it explored people's feelings of being different as far as race goes and finding out in the end we all want to be excepted and loved for who we are. Sometimes parents want so badly to have things better than they did that they don't see what it's doing to the child. Made me think about things in my own life. Very good book.
Such a good story!  It's a book that makes you think even after it's over.  Hannah was not the main character but nonetheless, she saw the world as only a child could.  Characters were not so likeable since they all had baggage (not a complaint -- if I wanted likeable characters, I would read Bambi).  Author did a very good job in character development.
Nothing new here, another book on the miscommunication between parent and child and the inability of young people to convey their feelings.  The ending didn't make sense but it was an interesting read.  I don't know if I buy the point of view that children from a mixed Asian/American marriage would be discriminated against because of their appearance.
A painfully sad story well-told.  The story is at once particular to a biracial family and the challenges that poses and at the same time is universal.  Parents need to listen to their children and respect their feelings and their separate identities.  This is a powerful plea for understanding and compassion, for the parents as well as their children.
Not my cup of tea.  The characters in the story, no matter how much background provided, felt lacking.  There was a lot of depth in the situations they faced, but not much depth in the characters themselves.  The ending was rushed and missed the mark.  If the POV was from one or two characters, rather than the entire family, it may have been better.
This was a good read -- I hesitate to use the word "enjoyable" -- I found the story painful at times. I felt voyeuristic too -- like I was peeking through keyholes and reading diaries. Beautifully crafted and insightful. Too bad I'm just a sucker for happy endings, this reads right out of real life, where there just are no guarantee of them.
The story keeps you holding your breath.....it tugs at your heart.....you're uncomfortable and you don't know why. You get to know a family.....their different personalities....what makes them who they are.  The author weaves a tale of interpersonal relationships....of family dynamics.  The. Reader learns so much from the things that are never told.
Despite this book not being what i expected at all. I read this in less than 24 hours as I truly cared for every character and their fate. Ng does uses little dialogue but internal though and dialogue to describe each family members trials through a difficult, yet typical and atypical life of a family.<br/>Great debut and definitely worth the read.
I thoroughly enjoyed this book.<br/><br/>The characters are all well developed - often hard to do in a family. They are far from perfect but are certainly believable. At times they are frustrating but without that the story wouldn't work.<br/><br/>This is a sad story and I wasn't able to pick the end until the last few chapters. Interestingly it ends with a glimmer of hope - not too much but enough to feel there is a positive future.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the author's writing style. The scene set in the 70s in mid America is well developed and a good backdrop for the racism experienced by the family. I look forward to reading more by this author and hope that her future works will be as poignant as this and she can tackle different themes. I was amazed that this was her first book. Her style is so mature. Highly recommended book
Enjoyed  reading this book.  Made you think about how your words and actions can influence those you love in a negative way instead of the positive manner you hoped for.  We should not expect our children to follow our dreams but should let them experience their own aspirations.  The author did a great  job in conveying this message to her readers.
I really enjoyed this book until the last 1/4...felt like there was no resolution to the story. What I most enjoyed was how so many of us have an idea of what we will be and then life happens and we really are something else.
Wonderful portrayal of America in the 1960`s and life for Chinese Americans at that time. Very engaging. You won't want to put the book down.
Good book fast readindg
A very interesting Novel
This book is an excellent analysis of family life that very few explore openly. Tragedy can either unite, divide, or destroy but somehow it does all three in this novel. Ng does a great job of deconstructing norms and reevaluating stereotypes of family and race. This book is a must read for anyone interested in cultural studies and family dynamics.
Well written and kept my attention to the end!
Beautifully told story of interracial marriage
It was a painful read.  The mother and father were completely unlikeable at times.  It was bittersweet for the eldest daughter to finally realize that she had to tell her mother the truth, only to not make it back home.  So many what ifs.  This book didn't profoundly impact my life but it did make 3 hours waiting to see a doctor more entertaining.
Well written and very thought provoking. I thought it would be difficult to keep up with because it jumps from character to character as well as back and forth over time however it is a smooth read. Sad, but I finished the book thinking of my own life and family and how carefully you need to chose your words and cherish your time with loved ones.
I READ THE 'FIRST CHAPTER' OF THIS BOOK AS A 'SAMPLE' ON MY KINDLE APP AND DIDN'T HESITATE TO BUY THE BOOK BEFORE I WAS FINISHED. FOR A DEBUT NOVEL, THIS IS SUCH A WELL WRITTEN BOOK ABOUT WHAT LACK OF COMMUNICATION CAN DO TO A FAMILY. I HOPE 'EVERYONE' READS THIS. KUDOS TO CELESTE NG AND I HOPE SHE'S WORKING ON OR FINISHED WITH ANOTHER NOVEL NOW!
"Intersectionality" can become a hollow catchword if we're not careful, a way of gesturing at the complexity with which race, gender, class, and sexuality structure our social lives. This deep, quiet, lovely novel shows just how messy those relations are, even within one family, the way we intersect each other's lives,  Beautifully done.
I didn't have high hopes for this one. I'm a skeptic. I picked it purely for the art work on the book cover. Turned out to be quite good. At first its a little confusing the way the story vacillates between present and past, but after a while it's what makes you appreciate each characters views and feelings...past and present. I'd recommend it!
This was an interesting story but I found it rather troubling also.  I not only found the main character troubling but I think her parents were equally so.<br/>In fact, I found it rather depressing.  This is not to say that I didn't think it was well written, I just needed to read something uplifting after I finished this book.<br/>Mary Klotz
I am glad I read this first novel because of its style, clarity, relevance to relationships in our time. In a culture which prefers to 'stay safe' in its communication, this novel, without being preachy, highlights the inevitable toll personally and colletively for us all. Readers will be both challenged and grateful they took time to read it.
This is a portrait of family life so relevant today. A portrait of immigrants in our country and their understandable and heartbreaking desire to fit in into their new home. Also, the bullying and icing out that goes on by people with small minds and hearts. A lesson for our society that is as applicable today as the time period of the story.
I loved reading this book that touched on so many struggles that ethnic minorities and second generation immigrants face in America. Through a tragic tale, the author also throws light on the chasm between the expectations that parents force on their children and their own dreams. Recommended read for those interested in a deep, subtle story.
Excellent tale, and beautifully written. The characters have enormous depth and dimension, so much that you nearly expect them to walk off the pages and sit down next to you. I was completely drawn in on the first page, and my interest never flagged, even for a moment. This is a very talented author, and I look forward to future publications.
Any time you start talking to the characters you know it is a good book. I found myself wanting to scream at them for ruining the children with their own self doubt.  The characters were very well fleshed out.  I felt bad when the mother  truly finds her daughter when it is to laate but I have hopes for Hannah who may benefit from the tragedy
I won't post the story line here since others have already done so. The reason I didn't rate this book super high is because<br/>- the characters didn't always behave consistently.<br/>- the plot was promising, but the novel lacked a punch. It felt like it was building towards something but that promise remained unfulfilled, in my opinion.
This book was amazing! Complex characters, beautifully written, a plot that undulates, one teasing detail, another piece falling into place with each page. And the ending. I rarely like novel endings, but this was just perfect. I highly recommend this for readers who want to get lost in a story, and who want to miss characters after the end.
A story that seems so simple and obvious becomes a tangle of emotions and an insight into how it feels to be the different one, how to not quite feel you fit or you're meeting expectations.  A family devastated and realising they don't know each other at all.  Sometimes it takes one tragic event to unravel all those threads and start again.
The story is about a Caucasian married to an Asian (called Oriental at the time in the 1950s), and how cultural and gender issues greatly impacted them.  It is well written and is a fast read.  Mom pact on the reader will depend on gender and culture--some will identify personally and some will be made aware of what others must overcome.
I found it hard to put down. Trying to understand each character and their relationship with one another. I always felt sad for James and his inability to overcome the feeling of being singled out. And the mother how she could not she was projecting her own dreams onto her daughter.<br/><br/>I well written book that was terribly sad.
From beginning to end, one of the best books I have read in a long time.  A sad, emotionally charged mystery about a dysfunctional Chinese American family explores complex issues that continue to haunt families today.<br/><br/>Well written with rich characters, you will feel as if you've walked in their shoes by the end of the book.
This book is so beautifully written, once I started reading it I could not put it down. the children became part of my life especially little Hannah who I just wanted to hug. Although it is a sad family tragedy it made the reader feel like a part of the family. I really loved this book; one of the best books I have read for the year.
Disappointed in this highly acclaimed novel.
Excellent read with a good twist at the end.
Multiple perspectives, no single antagonist, unless you could call American society the antagonist, and no single protagonist, unless the entire Lee family is the protagonist.  Moves smoothly from one perspective to another and you don't feel too sad, but you want to find out desperately how it ends, and the end is very satisfying.
A harrowing story told in flashback mode which really works by engrossing the reader thoroughly on a journey towards a tragic but satisfying ending. A family put under the microscope under the most challenging of circumstances, during challenging historical times, unravels despite itself to become the focus of a modern day tragedy.
A 16 year old girl mysteriously drown in a lake near her home. Last her family knew, she was asleep in her bed. As they try to determine what happened and realize they barely knew her, they deal with the loss in various self destructive ways.<br/><br/>Sad at times, this is a well written, absorbing book. Definitely worth reading.
I found this book very readable and the themes explored (mystery amidst family members, race, expectations) very compelling. However the writing left a lot to be desired. This being her first book shows. However I look forward to reading her future books- you can tell she has stories to tell & a unique voice in which to tell them.
Extremely well written.  The reader is immediately pulled into the story.  Ms. Ng explored the issues faced by racially mixed couples and families in the 70's which probably continues today.  She ends the story in a way that leads to great conversations as you decide how you think it may have ended.  A great book for a Book Club.
Story line was interesting, characters well fleshed-out but writing style I found really disjointed. Story-telling constantly jumped between all characters which was sometimes a bit confusing. And the ending?! I like a nice sum up in my reading, so I found this pretty disappointing. Overall an ok read, but not worth the $ spent.
Good not great, starts slow and stays slow.  There is no mystery.  The story is told through each of the family members , but there isn't enough told from Lydia's perspective.  The other characters were shallow and exactly what we've seen in several other books.  I know the author  tried to use cultural differences,but she failed.
Well crafted and written, shocking that this is a first novel from Celeste Ng.  The story is dark, but entertaining none the less.  The author lets the reader peer into the lives of a family during their most fragile moment, and their actions are alarming, touching, and heart breaking.  I look forward to the authors next work.
Page-turner. Read it in almost one sitting.
Perfect example of dysfunction<br/>No one talks to each other yet they carry deep emotional burdens in their relationships<br/>Wouldn't recommend the book, frankly couldn't wait to finish it.<br/>I kept waiting for it to twist in a few turns but it didn't.
Now one of my favorite books! This story could be about any family- helicopter parents who push their kids so much that their kids end up hating them, only because the parent wants the child to have the life they missed out on. I love how Ng develops each character, down to the littlest one (Hannah). I finished it in one day!
A family living in the wrong place! Had they lived somewhere else their lives would have taken a different direction. Being a parent is such a huge responsibility. Each action, each word can affect a child and dictate how the child brings up it's own children. We don't know which action or which word will be the crucial one.
Truly amazing! Love when I can totally relate to race issues, not fitting in, and loneliness. Thank you for writing this amazing book. Race issues are still sadly very alive and prominent in today's society. Maybe schools should start teaching their students about accepting all ethnicities and classes and end all this hate.
I enjoyed reading this book, it kept me engaged.  However, I found the middle (post the big event) a bit drawn out and the ending rushed.  These characters were pretty messed up, I don't think healing works that easily or fast so the ending was nice but a bit unbelievable, where the rest of the story was sad but believable.
Another first novel triumph. Celeste Ng draws from her own life experiences to bring the reader the poignant story of an Asian-American family in small town Ohio in the 70's . Nuanced writing. Well developed characters. Heartbreaking and beautiful. This was a great choice for our book group, as the discussion was spirited.
This novel grabbed me and did not let go.  The intricacies of family are so well written that I truly felt the lives of the characters.  This is a MUST read....good for book clubs, even better for anyone who has questioned their life choices, the death of a loved one, relationships, whatever.  I enjoyed every single word.
The Asian immigrant theme that has been rehashed since The Joy Luck Club came out in the 1980s. Immigrant stories still have something to say, but authors need to find a new way of presenting it. This one was not compelling enough to read beyond the first three chapters.  There are too many other books out there to read.
I loved this book even though it is really quite sad on many levels. Well developed family dynamic, interesting (& heart breaking) insights into racism & sexism in the 70's & of course the overwhelming expectations of a parent on a child & the consequences that can lead to. This one will stay with me for some time....
There were parts of this book that really resonated with me - being an Asian growing up in America.<br/><br/>The story line is gripping and left me wanting to stay up late and finish the book or even play hooky.<br/><br/>The writing is well done and cannot wait until she has other works published that I can read.
IT WAS ALRIGHT, DIFFERENT FROM THE OTHER BOOKS I HAVE READ WHICH HAVE HAD A LIGHTER MOOD AND BEEN A FUN READ. THIS ONE WAS, DISMAL. THE AUTHOR REALLY PUT SOME THOUGHT INTO THE CHARACTERS ALTHOUGH EVERYTHING WAS PRETTY PREDICTABLE. I MEAN LOOK AT THE FIRST SENTENCE OF THE BOOK. BUT IT WAS AN INTERESTING BOOK TO READ.
This book wasn't quite what I was expecting from all of the reviews. The narrative was slow and I never felt like I was surprised. There wasn't really a climax and the family wasn't as believable as I'd hoped. I wouldn't read it again but I also wouldn't dissuade anyone from reading it and making their own decision.
All in all...This book was just ok.  I never felt gripped by the plot.  It was disappointing because I thought that it was going to be better written or have a better story line.  Overall I just felt like there wasn't much depth to the story as a whole.  Not the worst thing I have read, but not the greatest either.
My immediate family is pretty honest and open. I learned what happened when a family is not as open with each other. The lack of communication leads to more tangles and twists.<br/><br/>I am being intentionally vague because I am trying to prevent spoilers. All you really need to know is you should read the book.
This is a four-dimensional study of a family of four, told from the point of view of each member.  Questions at the beginning of the story are answered  at the mid and end parts of the book.  It is a truly dysfunctional family, but told in such a way how one's actions can be perceived (or mis-perceived) by others.
I really didn't enjoy this book as much as I thought I would based on the reviews. It wasn't horrible but the characters seemed so predictable and flat. It was really hard to like any of the characters presented in the book and they seemed so stereotyped that I had a hard time just getting to the end of the book.
I kept wanting this book to grab me, it seemed that something was happening but I wasn't sure what. At the end, I began to see parallels between this book and Tortilla Cirtain and my experiences with interracial activities and interracial marriages. This is a good, satisfying book, it ended a little too abruptly.
This book was a remarkable read. Having recently read Hotel on the Corner of Bitter ad Sweet this was a terrific follow up to the problems of racial identity. It was a heartbreaking rendering of the process of grieving the loss of a child as well all those unspoken words we are often unable to share with another.
Comes and goes from the perspective of each family member, unravelling a family tormented with racial prejudice. Literally read in one day, leaving me with the sour taste of prejudice towards Asians after WWII, something I had never even considered before. Refreshing to see new topics arise in fiction. Great job
This novel was amazing. It is rare that an author is able to fully develop not just her characters but also a family, complete with all the various dynamics, and to do so in a book that positively sparks from the emotional power. An exploration of love, loss, and all the things that get left unsaid. A must read.
Story about family dysfunction - interesting most of all for the glimpse of cultural discrimination.  The family story was a bit tedious and frustrating, written as a narrative with little real insight to the character's from a first person view.  The story lacked real intrigue or creativity in its presentation.
The start is intriguing and I felt it had the potential to enthrall me the way "Snow Falling on Cedars" did. However throughout the entire book there was no deviating from a relentless note of misery, both in plot and characters, no light to balance the dark. The ending seems discordant and unnecessary.
This well written book was very sad. The characters all were depressed people. I don't care that they had issues in their past- there was no levity whatsoever- or other feelings like surprise or suspense- it was simply a depressing story from page one through to the very end. But hey, the first page warns you.
This book was very well written and insightful to family dynamics. Regardless of how you are "different" we all feel like we don't fit in at some point. This book tells the story from multiple character points of view and it was interesting to see how members of the same family had such different experiences.
This book is well written with compelling characters but it is just too depressing. Granted, the whole premise is to explain the lead up to a girl's suicide, but the entire book is one grim and depressing incident after another with no relief.
This story brings understanding of how life was/is for those involved with interracial marriage in a time past.  Another theme is how generations repeat themselves.  I felt sorry for the children in this situation, each carrying different burdens, the results of how others treat them.  It left me thinking...
A great novel and an insight into the American culture when a family is interracial Caucasian and Asian. Tragic happens to a family when their daughter is found dead the family falls apart, mistakes are made and in the end the author reveals the events that occurred that night.  Great author and great novel
Its ok. An interesting story but long winded and pointless. There is a big tragity that is not an every day kind of thing but the rest of it just people living, being disappointed ,hurting one another and finding a way to keep going. About 50 pages worth in my male oriented , grunt based communication form.
Thanks to Celeste Ng for writing this inclusive  and engrossing story.  With a rich plot line and even richer characters, she tackles race and gender issues with grace and brings her readers to a deeper understanding of what it means, and has meant, to be outside looking in, and to be trapped on the inside.
This started out like a crime thriller. At first I'm thinking abduction or something. Turns out to be more about family issues, parenting skills and the struggles of biracial couples in the 70s. The author tried to throw too many themes and stereotypes into the story, although I did like her writing style.
Beautifully written. I had to slow myself down to savor each sentence. I cannot believe it is her first book, and I hope I don't have to wait long for another from this talented author. I loved the story, and it had me thinking long after I finished the book. A wise and thoughtful look at family dynamics.
Very well written, excellent characters, and excellent story. The story entails the loss of connection in a marriage, intertwined with the story of loss of personal identity in a family and marriage, loss of a child, difficulties of mixed race marriage, racism and sexism in the 70's...just a great book!
This is a good family story.  The author works the characters through complex family relationships and life's challenges.  The family deals with bi-racial acceptance, from others and themselves.  Quite sad that they had to deal with the aftermath of their daughter's issues.  Overall, it was a good read.
I heard so much about this book and was somewhat disappointed.  How can a mother be so partial to one child?  I think the mother's decisions, especially when she left her family, were so very irresponsible.  This is truely a story of a disfunctional family (and the couple started out as an ideal match).
Very good novel....good for a book club discussion. What we think we know about our family (perception) versus reality. Also<br/>how we put pressure on our children to be what we want them to be and not what they want .Characters come alive and<br/>Ms Ng make very good use of simile for descriptions.
This book was easy to read, kept my interest and was thought provoking. If you are in the mood for something light and mindess, skip this one for now. If you want a book full of realistic human emotion and a book that will make you think, this is a very good choice. Definitely worth my time and money.
Ever get the feeling that you're waiting for something to happen in a novel, and well, it never does? Enter this one. Lots of 'in the character's heads' pontificating narrative and marital backstory without a real kick. Seems like I was 'never told' a lot more than I was 'told' in this one. Hard pass.
A very good book about many troubling issues the Lee family members endured.  Celeste  Ng wrote an amazing story addressing how the atmosphere in this home affected each person.  My Book Club read this book and we had an interesting discussion about the characters and their life in the 1960's-1970's.
Celeste Ng has given us incite into the life of immigrants to the US in the 1970s. Yes, it was a sad book and that's no surprise. Fifty years (two generations) later sadly our nation has not lessened our prejudice against specific races and gender. This book intrigued me from start to finish. Bravo!
Since most families are dysfunctional in one way or another, this book has appeal. I found the book engaging perhaps because I know people like the characters and they touched a place in my psyche. Withholding the truth among family members, especially difficult truths, is more common than we think.
I thoroughly enjoyed this novel, but as a parent I found it very disturbing at times to realize that it is so possible not to know what is going on in your child's life.  In addition, I found the portrayal of the difficulty of fitting in that plagues some ethnic groups to be quite thought provoking.
The author is great at creating suspense; understanding the same family dynamics from everyone's different perspective; and writing soooo beautifully.  It's the kind of story and writing that lingers with one.  I also appreciate what it is like to be Chinese in American in a more compassionate way.
I thought this book was pretty good. It was interesting to read the fundamental differences in parents of different ethnic backgrounds that had been married for quite sometime and the different way they addressed their children's feelings and the private feelings out their own.  I enjoyed the read.
Great book, quick read, quick shipping!
Complex and intense.  This is one of the most thoughtful books I've read in a long time.  The story of a mixed race family in Ohio in the 1970's and how their individual experiences and secrets challenge each of their lives.  A well written, emotionally impactful, psychologically haunting mystery.
This book was beautifully written, but the story was so very sad.  One could feel the characters' anguish and want to help them.  We read and hear of dysfunctional parenting and sometimes witness it.  In this story reasons for the dysfunctional behavior plus the consequences are relayed in detail.
The book is basically a "one note Johnny."  The theme is feeling isolated as an Asian-American or part Asian -American in a white town or college.  Interesting enough, but there really isn't a whole lot more, except the wife's lack of career fulfillment.  The end is extremely unsatisfying.
I did enjoy this book, although it felt like they never really addressed any of their issues, except maybe internally. I found it kept my attention, and it had very real issues in families with single parents, mixed nationalities, lack of communication, favoritism. Overall I found it a good book.
This is a story masterfully crafted and written with sensitivity. An exceptional book that leaves you wanting more. Each character's story is entwined. I have not read a book so well written as this in a long time. Highly, highly recommend it!  The prose is lyrical. Can't wait for her next novel.
Find a quiet time in your life to read this book. It will tear you apart and put you back together again, if you're lucky. I was. Even if you're one of the few who doesn't have a somewhat dysfunctional family, this is a challenging read on an emotional level. One of my top ten favorite for 2014.
This is a story about a dysfunctional family, one half of the parental unit is "Oriental" the other not. And I tried, I really did try, to see what it was that caused such a stir and caused Amazon to rank it so highly as best book of 2014. I never found it. The writing was  okay but surely not inspired like for instance in, the case of the Storied Life of A.J. Fickery. But what totally turned me off about the book and "inspired" me to give it one star was the lack of storytelling. Sorry, but I like books that have a story that draws me in. It doesn't matter how many times the story line has been done, after all, what is really new under the sun? but some writers, those gifted few who combine great writing and great storytelling always make a great read, no matter how many times the story has been told. This book just droned on and on, adding detail but not substance, I could have cared less about the characters they were all one dimensional and boring then add no story and well, I just did not like the writing or the book or the characters.
A suspenseful family drama.  Tragedy befalls a family in a small Midwestern  college town.  Mother's unfulfilled life and Father's upbringing as  child of Chinese immigrants, wreaks havoc on their offspring.  Taut story line, sadness and longings of each character keep you reading .  Memorable.
It's been a long time since I've read a book of this caliber. The cliche phrase "page turner" for this novel read on my humble little kindle cannot do this beautifully written, heartbreaking family portrait justice. Superb. Literally breathtaking. A story that must be shared amongst the masses.
"Lydia is dead.  But they don't know this yet.  1977, May 3, six thirty in the morning, no one knows anything but this innocuous fact:  Lydia is late for breakfast."<br/><br/><br/> is the poignant story of a family:  James, a husband and father of Chinese descent, his white wife Marilyn, and their three children.  Nathan, the oldest, looks like his father, but Lydia looks almost exactly like her mother.  And Hannah seemingly disappears into the woodwork, as Marilyn and James both focus all of their own hopes and dreams on Lydia.<br/><br/>The story weaves back and forth, before and after.  We see how Marilyn, a student, first meets James, a professor.  How they fall in love, and then how Marilyn's own ambitions are thwarted by the expectations of wives and mothers in that time, the fifties and sixties.  Sadly, we see how Marilyn takes a "break" from this life for a few weeks, only to realize that she must return; that her own dreams cannot happen.<br/><br/>Did Marilyn's disappointments lead to her living vicariously through Lydia, pushing her to achieve those thwarted dreams?  With the spotlight shining harshly upon Lydia, did this force her onto a path she did not want, causing everything to turn to tragedy?  How would Lydia's death derail all of their lives?<br/><br/>In the home that James and Marilyn had created in Middlewood, Ohio, and walking among the familiar things that remind them of what they have lost, we also see them slowly beginning to remember what they still have.  A lovely story that gripped my heart, even as it reminded me of times in the past in my own life, when reaching for what we wanted seemed just out of reach.  I would have given 5.0 stars, except for a few sections that felt repetitive.  A memorable read, however, earning my 4.0 stars.
"Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet."  Her family, already haunted by generations of feeling the outsiders, each encounters the uncertainties of the broken family seen close to hand.  While James feels the obvious status of the other accorded to a Chinese man in Ohio in 1970' his wife Marilyn has also accorded herself the lone observer.  In striving in every way to make their children part of the idealized America, they have also assured that the siblings are trapped in missed assumptions and bounds.  This part of the plot is well developed although sometimes a bit heavy handed.  The story of a mixed race couple, when several states accorded them status as illegal, is a compelling story.  Often the most cogent issues are the ones each person hides and mistakenly considers hidden from the others.<br/><br/>Not as successful is the story of grief and loss.  The author misses the frenzy of  it knowing the fate of their missing daughter.  The family obediently waits in the house while the police search.  This may have been meant as a trope on the uncertainty of the self perceived other, but is stiff and strange in execution. The grief for the girl now known to be dead is oddly stylized.  While many if the family's reactions are heart rending, the writing is not convincing.  The time period of acute mourning is wildly off in its brevity.  The end of the book feels too pat.  I felt this was a real weakness for me in this book.<br/><br/>This book has been described as a mystery concerning the reason for this girl's death, but it reads more like an examination of the hidden motives that are exposed when a tragedy occurs.  I think this point of view is valid and interesting.  A true murder mystery would be out of place.  I enjoyed much about this book, but I think that this book feels like an early effort of a maturing writer.  Whether this comes to be the case, time will tell.  I liked this book enough to recommend it and to look forward to her next effort.
Very enjoyable book.  It is muti-layered so different issues come to light as the layers are peeled back.  It is about a biracial couple and their family.  It is how they deal with tragedy but also about they each deal with being different from their peers.  It is well told and compassionate.
OK, so the story starts off a little awkward, but shortly after it starts to twist and turn in a spiral where No One is happy.  I thought the book itself was written well and I enjoyed the characters in this book.  The ending was surprising I like books like that.  I would recommend this book
Sensitive, thoughtful - each character is described in such depth the reader truly 'sees' through their eyes. You feel the pain this family is going through at the loss of their eldest daughter. Each sentence shows life, love, and explores the workings of the mind down to the tiniest detail.
Spellbinding.  I couldn't put it down.
I appreciated the writing, but was dissapointed with the story.  EVERYONE was so sad, and spent their time wishing to be someone else. Miserable parents busy making their children feel unaccepted and inadequate. The constant beating to death of education and social acceptance drove me nuts.
Beautifully written and haunting novel, but so very sad and tragic.  There's no climax at the end because no one seems to have learned or evolved from everything that happened.  They just moved forward with their life, though maybe things improved just because society itself moved forward.
This was one of the saddest books I have ever read.  Beautifully written, heart-wrenching and hard to put down.  This novel illustrates that everyone is fighting their own private demons. And the ones that love us the most are sometimes completely clueless to the hell going on around them.
I loved this book. It was beautifully written. The charactets were well developed and the story gave one a sense of belonging to that family. It was sad, sure, but with that type of ending that makes you immediately miss the characters and want to read the whole book again.  Thanks Ms. Ng!
As a child of Asian and Caucasian parents myself, I found Ng's exposition of this story almost achingly familiar and beautifully written. Her portrayal of the generational differences, hopes and expectations is simultaneously heartbreaking and uplifting and is likely to resonate with many.
Loved this book.  As a retired therapist, I particularly enjoyed the cultural influences and the power of words unspoken.  The manner in which the author peels away and exposes the rules, roles, and secrets of the family members is astounding.  Should be required reading in grad school...
Certainly not an uplifting story.  The combination of a mixed marriage, a mother living vicariously through her daughter and a father who was overemphasizing Lydia's popularity made for tension on every page.  I will forever look at mixed marriages hoping for acceptance and understanding.
This was a great story - complex, multi-layered, well crafted.  It would provide for a very "meaty" book club discussion I think.  I loved the way it explored family relations from the perspective of each family member.  A masterful job - can't believe it is Ms. Ng's first novel.
Excellent read---change of pace for me as I gravitate to history & biographies. Difficult to put down, easy read as less than 300 pages, author's debut and she writes extremely well, not trying to impress readers with her simple style of making you associate with a variety of characters.
It's a story about being a child from a mixed marriage, about a mother smothering her child under her own ambitions and failures, of a father almost bullying his children into social acceptance because of the fear from his own childhood of being taunted because of the slant of his eyes.
Beautifully sad story...life is too fragile.  A family desperately trying to fit, though affected by what society dictated. A loved one gone too soon with no apparent explanation.  A family broken as each tries to deal with the loss in their own meaningful way...  Highly recommend it...
Eventually it was a great build up to a great story about a family in total limbo. And that could be said about the ending too. The book hit a stereotype about bi-racial families. In my opinion, it built a story around proving the stereotype. Worth reading and discussing in a book club.
Not sure how to rate it or how it won an award.  When the story was actually being told it was good, but too many parts of the story did not need to be included.  Read to the end for closure otherwise I would have given up in the middle.  End was predictable, no surprises a quick read.
This novel was a page-turner.  I was hooked from the first pages and eagerly kept reading.  Ms. Ng's presentation of characters was superb, and the story unfolded in surprising but satisfying ways.  The title of the novel resonates with all the characters.  These felt like real people.
A very unusual story. But holds your attention and hard to put down. Families can be complicated and this one is extremely.  I could do without the sexual descriptions, hence the four stars. I like to be able to recommend a good book to young people also but would not for this reason.
Out of the whole book, I enjoyed watching the character development of all characters involved.  As a parent, it was frustrating to watch the way the family interacted, but also made me think of how I respond to each of my three children and how those interactions affect each of them.
If you're looking for a well written and constructed novel- this is the book for you. Ng weaves a tale of loss, love and family bonds so beautifully. From the beginning paragraph you are left shocked. You discover the framework of a family and what binds people together.  A must read!
The writing bristles me!  It is poetic, descriptive and layered with meaning.  I read it through the lens of family systems, of cultural diversity. I will use it as a text!  I read it in a day---New Year's Day.  I have been to China, taught Chinese students...and the story rings true!
What a wonderful dive into the lives of biracial Eurasian kids in the mid west Ina time of close mindedness. The pain of these Lee children a burden so great to bear yet borne so quietly and yet painfully and yet there's no vac liars yet for them at this age. Elegantly captured by Ng.
I enjoyed this book.  The author does a nice job of weaving the storylines so as to keep the reader guessing.  However, the mystery of how Lydia dies is really secondary to the nuanced and detailed descriptions of the emotional connections that are left unsaid between the characters.
This book is so beautiful and rich.  I couldn't stop reading it.  I read A LOT of books and this is the best book I have read in along time.  Ng develops her characters in such a remarkable way; I felt so invested and connected.  I loved this book so much, I was so sad that it ended.
Couldn't put the book down. Loved it!
Gripping story of a family in crisis.
There were too many false notes in this story.  The mother seemed the most untrue, with a voice that was closer to a "tiger mother."  The relationships were incongruous and not believable.  The author painted an awful portrait of self-absorption and dysfunctional, parenting.
.  Hard to believe this is the author's first.<br/>You are there and feeling every beautiful and painful poetic moment.  You cannot put it down.<br/>You are frustrated  and angry and feeling the angst...you can taste the tears.<br/>.What a book.  It  was my privalige to read it.
Good characters.  The relationships were strong & believable.  I liked the flow of the story.  I liked how the writing style included every character's perspective within each chapter.  I read this over one weekend.  Very easy reading.  Enjoyable.  A bit disappointed by the ending.
A wonderfully written eye-opener about families trying to protect each other while not being able to see past their pre-conceived notions or sharing their emotions and inner thoughts. Also how unfair and horribly treated were the Asians even in the second half f the 20th century.
Get it. Read it.  OMG I could hardly put it down. Her prose is just beautiful and each character has a very strong voice which is SO personal and private. Sometimes uncomfortable and embarrassing to hear such  private thoughts.  OK< it's fiction, but still...Get it.  Read it.
Beautiful portrayal of a troubled family and a perfect portrayal of what can happen when intimates (in this case, a family) do not communicate.  I loved how the author revealed what each character was thinking, and how various people can view the same event completely diffeently.
This book is one of those that starts out with a situation and then back tracks to show how everyone arrived at that point in time. I liked it, the twists and turns were interesting. The story line was unpredictable and the story was told well from each character's perspective.
Lydia's story will stay with me for some time. I feel I know this family and can imagine their life so clearly in Cleveland. Fantastic characterization with a lovely steady pace that flits seamlessly from the current timeline to the past. I look forward to Celeste's next book!
This book jumps around in time a lot. The emotions jump off the page and the characters are amazingly brought to life. I gave it three stars because of the jumping around and the somewhat boringness of the plot. Although I loved the characters, they are so sad it's depressing.
It's been a while since I started a book that I couldn't put down till I finished it! The author does a great job in describing each person's feelings with deep insights while at the same time does a great job telling the story so that you can't put the book down. A must read!
Combining an examination of family system with a mystery, this book grabbed my interest immediately, and kept it to the very last page.  Ng writes with a direct, simple style that is anything but simplistic.  Her choice of words and turns of phrase are powerful and revealing.
A book you can't put down once you start.  An insightful look into family dynamics and how intentions one person has can be completely misinterpretted by others.  I liked the way the story is told from each family member's viewpoint so you have perspective from all involved.
Excellent book.  Poignant and confronting in regards to the consequences we all face when not expressing ourselves.  In some way or another the reader relates with the difficult subject matter of coming to terms with just exactly who we are and what we need and want in life.
Superb writing, fascinating narrative-each character was deftly developed and I just could not put it down. Of course the issues that are highlighted are just devastating and what is even more difficult to digest is that this was not so long ago.<br/>A fabulous read!!!!!!!!
This novel captures your mind because at some point, you will connect with something that one of the characters "never told".  It brings out all of the things that we keep within from childhood through adulthood and helps you understand our "humanness" just a little better.
Very touching and makes all parents reflect about childrearing,parental guilt. There should be statute of limitation on how long children can hold a grudge. Living our dreams through our children is bound to cause disappointment and rob the sheer pleasure of having a child
I could not stop reading this book. But beware it's very very sad! Very painful. Incredibly balanced and perfectly structured book but so horrible to imagine. I'm familiar with the unbelievable agony of loosing a young girl. This was a hard book to emotionally comprehend.
I did not want this book to be over.  Such a well written book.  Characters are well developed and human.  Warts and all.  If this is Ms. Ng's first novel, I can't wait until the next one.  This is good news for readers, another excellent author for us to look forward to.
It was well written but I expected more out of the plot, it was pretty tedious and I was underwhelmed by the ending. I don't think I would recommend it to a friend, its dark but not in the most interesting way, and they family relationships weren't very believable to me.
Lovely book.  Well written and giving a great insight into what it is to be different and never to feel that you really belong.  I became quite involved with the characters and their thoughts and feelings.  Kept me hooked in from beginning to end.  A great read.  Thanks.
This is an interesting story around family dynamics with a depressing ending that should have gone further on life for the family in the future.  It certainly spoke to the problems parents set up when they require their children to fulfill their own missed opportunities.
A well written story that touches the heart and makes the reader think about the impact of our actions on the people we love. The best intentions can go awry and we may be so caught up in our own emotional needs that we fail to truly see what our loved ones need and why.
This was the first book in a long time that kept me up well past my bedtime, that I picked up again immediately upon awakening, and whose last chapters were reserved for a quiet time when they could be savored. I want to spend the entire winter reading books like this.
This was one of the best books I've read in a very long time. Celeste Ng starts the book by saying "Lydia is dead but nobody knows it yet." At first I was shocked but it was perfect for the story.<br/><br/>What an amazing story of family dynamics and culture.
Enjoyed this book immensely.  This was such a moving story and I grew to care about each of these characters.  Beautifully written and the insightful depiction of each member of this family leading up to and after their loss was truly gifted.  One of my favorite books!
Clean, crisp writing detail the dangers of living vicariously through your children. A poignant tale of missed opportunities and human fraility. Treat yourself to an emotional and well-written book. I congratulate the author on her transparency, creativity and insight.
A very well written story about a family that deep down loved each other but they could not show it.  I know every reader could relate to probably at least one of the characters.  I can't believe this is the authors first book.  Good job in relating so many feelings!
This was a very thought provoking book.  It was great to be be able to understand and relate to every character's feelings and thoughts.  Kept me guessing until the end. It makes you think about your own child rearing faults.  A wonderful first novel by this writer.
I enjoyed it more at the beginning than I did at the end. I thought it was a great read to have a grandmother explaining to her granddaughter exactly who she was and how she got to be that way. Somehow it drifted off in my interest waned long before I got to the end
I enjoyed how the title was a theme echoed many times throughout the book. I had a hard time developing sympathy for the wife, and husband. I never found myself feeling warmer towards them as the book ended. I did feel the children's characters were well developed.
A must read for any parent with teenager's.<br/>Beautifully written through the eyes of the various characters. This book helps to unlock your understanding of how each moment in a person's life is significant and impacts on the lives of others in different forms.
The characters in this book are troubled and beautiful. A brilliant way to tell so many stories....Chinese, adolescence, Anglo-American and pressure to be something you can't quite grasp.<br/>A relatively quick read, but maybe that's because I couldn't put it down
Being the child of immigrants and having grown up in the Midwest around the time this book was set, I was curious to see how much of my childhood this would evoke.  One of the book's primary fallings is that you can't set a book in the 70s and then ignore the 70s. Culturally, there were breakthroughs and embarrassments about how Asians were portrayed in the media which is what affected perceptions about Asians.  Kids would have asked their parents about this. Kids would have asked other kids about this.<br/><br/>There's surprising little dialogue between the parents about being a mixed race couple, there's no dialogue between each of the parents and whoever they hung around with and whether having an instructor have an affair with one of his students was a good idea or not, and beyond the initial physical attraction, it's not even all that clear why they like each other.  The relationship between the parents has to be firmly established and all of the issues they face before you can move ahead with the premise.<br/><br/>It would seem impossible for a family to spend its entire life in relatively small Midwest town and have and have no friends. Nath appears capable of having them but they must not have been convenient to the plot.  If you've been in a Midwestern town and you've been to a funeral, what happened afterwards in the book is completely implausible.<br/><br/>The book jumps around quite a bit, you're not always sure where you are in terms of day, month or year.<br/><br/>But I did finish it, so that counts for something.
This book was very emotional but it was interesting to read how a Chinese male could feel like such an outsider; especially at his place of employment.  Even though he was very intelligent, he had a hard time with socializing and accepting himself and his culture.
It was just Ok.  Finished it a week ago and perhaps it's my ""getting old memory but more likely it's because it was just OK- because a week later I recall very little of the book.  It just didn't stand out for me.  Hope others have a different experience.
Loved it. I finished the book about an hour ago and I'm still pretty emotional. I really connected with all of the characters and think the author did a fantastic job of allowing us into their heads.<br/><br/>I recorded a video review on my site, C-Spot Reviews.
I loved this book; beautifully written and extremely compelling.  A tragic, thought-provoking story that ends well yet leaves you thinking and wanting more.  I chose this book because it was one of the 100 top picks by Amazon Editors – and I was not disappointed!
I didn't read the book, but listened to the audiobook on audible.com. This book is surprisingly realistic and pulls at your heartstrings. This is my first time reading something about an Asian-American interracial relationship evolve into something so unexpected.
A beautiful tragic enlightening story that may just change the view you have about yourself, and the people in your own life.  Great characters that you journey with as the story unfolds into understanding human nature and how events in our lives transform us.
This book is extraordinary. The characters  are complex, as are their relationships.there is too much to say to give an adequate overview. Read the book, soak in the characters, their strengths and their foibles. You will not soon forget  this marvelous book.
Excellent book.  Like that you get the perspective from various characters.  Makes you think about the dynamics of your family growing up and of the family you have with your own children.  I would recommend this book to people who want to think and analyze.
This book perfectly demonstrates the way we pass our own monsters on to those we love in a hope of creating a future for them that we did not get, but longed for.  Beautiful story of loss, misunderstanding, and what failing to communicate can do to our lives.
I am going to read more of this author. Though the pace is a bit slow, the characters are developed beautifully. The anguish of the mother and the adored daughter is painful to watch only to be eclipsed by the deep pain of the son who is constantly ignored.
Beautifully written and conceived, this is a sad story about how personal pain is transmitted unwittingly down through ones children. But there is such hope in the human spirit's yearning for connection, and ultimately we are left with possibilities, hope.
I thought this book was a very good read.  It was well written and poignant. I looked forward everyday to getting reading time so I could get back to the characters and try to understand their story/ plight and the mystery of what happened to the daughter.
Very beautiful writing.  I didn't quite buy the premise that the family was ostracized because they were Asian.  But perhaps this was the case in the 1970's in Ohio?  I did like the way the book evolved to the "climax," that is, why Lydia drowned.
I knew that reading a book concerning a child dying would be painful. As I read the book it became more painful, due to all the pain the Lee family inflicted upon each other. I found it hard to imagine the prejudices this family of mixed ancestry endured.
I hope she writes another novel soon.  It captures you from the start and I didn't want to stop reading it.  The characters were so real and you could understand their feelings and the how things were at the time in our country with a mixed race marriage.
although you'll dislike the mom & some other characters, this book is so well done. We had great book club discussions about this book & many of us emailed each other that this is a book you think more about in the days after you finish. I love that.
This family story of loss definitely has many levels. It is an interesting character study with a thought-provoking ending. I am recommending this book to my book club because there are many themes and topics that will make an interesting discussion.
A book that takes what you think into totally different conclusions.  I like a book that makes its reader think.  The characters are totally believable.  Many readers will recognize themselves in the relationships between parents and their children.
Great story, so sad but so true!
Good read.  Very touching story.
Yes, such a haunting story.  Although throughout the book I felt sadness, shock and disappointment of racial bias, I could not put this book down.  The characters are so flawed, I felt I could "feel" their pain.  I so wanted to save Lydia.
The characters in this book were SO frustrating. The story itself was interesting but if they just talked to each other (hint: it's in the title that they don't) there would have been zero problems in their lives. Good for book club fodder though!
The story keeps you guessing and intrigued until the end.  The reader understands Lydia and her brother and how a family that tries to fit in, but can't hide that they are different from others in the Town. Gives a view of 2 different generations.
This is a no Elizabeth so fragile and gentle that you feel you should tiptoe while reading it.  At the conclusion, you feel more regrets than closure.  The story stays with you ling after you've finished reading, along with a million "what ifs..."
What a wonderful book.  I  cannot believe this is the first book by this author.  I didn't want to finish it because I know it's gonna be a long time before I will read another book this good.  It should be required reading.  Absolutely loved it!
Thoughtfully and carefully constructed, with attention to even the smallest details.  I told my wife the story, just verbally, and she was in tears. Like a favorite hand-woven chemise, it's a piece of art that lasts -- because it's so well-made.
I did enjoy learning about the struggles Asian Americans may have. That was an eye-opener for me.  However, since the story was about struggle, it was a bit heavy, and although I learned from the experience, my heart was troubled for the family.
Read this book as if it were read to you aloud by your lover. It is everything your mother, newly liberated, never revealed about the importance of relationships. You cannot write this book but you can rest in its soft cocoon for a little while.
I downloaded, then finished, this book in less than 48 hours and I'm very interested to read everything else by this author. Excellent book! I'd say it's even better the The Lovely Bones, which it reminded me of a bit. You won't be disappointed.
I enjoyed this book as a light holiday read. It keeps you turning the pages. I find the characters and situation a little extreme and therefore hard to relate to,  but there were interesting cultural notes made from an Asian American experience.
This is an absolutely stunning book.  The story line is original, the writing is graceful and fluent, and the characters are well drawn.It's the writer's first novel, but there is a sureness and maturity here, and considerable talent.  Read it!
This book kept me mesmerized for its entirety. The writing is crisp, the characters extremely well developed, and the plot just grabs you and keeps you. I could empathize with each of the characters in different ways. A really talented author.
This author weaves a very real and sad story that makes you feel as if you are inside the minds and lives of the characters.  Brings out the truth that none of us ever truly know one another's lives, even those of our very closest and dearest.
I apprEciate the author's effort.  I appreciate all authors' efforts.  I was not crazy about the style of prose (heavy on adjectives and similes and descriptions of unimportant people/scenery) but that is just taste; you may love that style.  Harder to overlook, however, were the numerous instances where the author jettisoned plausibility for pretty images.  Examples:<br/><br/>-- The central character has blue eyes - genetically impossible for the child of a fully Chinese dad and blue eyed mom.  This suggests from the first that either Dad wasn't the dad, or that Dad had mixed ancestry himself. Either explanation would  change the story in important ways.  Neither is true, however.  in fact, the author simply wanted to dress up this  character as the favored 'blue-eyed girl' - so she threw over Gregor Mendel with no apology.<br/><br/>-- a page later, the teen brother glances into the kitchen and for a moment believes his sister has returned.  Actually it is his mother; he has confused them because  their faces are so similar.  "Only" their hair is different - mom's is blond and sister's is Chinese-black.  The author is apparently trying to tell us that the boy doesn't have eyes for obvious racial differences within his family.  Again plausibility is sacrificed to make a poetic - or hammy? - point.<br/><br/>-- brother later sees mom crying at funeral and mistakes her mascara tracks for "a tear of dark blood.".  Same as above:  it is cheap poetry but bears no relationship to any reasonable description of a mascara-stained face.<br/><br/>I can tolerate a lot in a book.  But inauthentic, faked-up poeticism?  Please, author:  on your next book, leave out the smarmy trickery.  You can be a very good writer without it.
Author provided a clear picture of family loss and the drama and searching done by all to understand and clarify their role in related events. The need to escape from an unknown reality pushes each individual to look for solace in varied ways.
interesting characters, engaging writing, disappointed with the ending. This was a sad story over all, but had very realistic overtones about family and how parents sometimes strive to live out thier dreams through the lives of their children.
Interesting story about a mixed race marriage and family. Great insight into how it felt to look "different" from others in the community. Sad, really... The story follows the family through a tragedy, and how they eventually move on.
What a page Turner. This book is filled with emotion and is hard to put down. My heart break for this family.  I can only imagine racism and the importance teens put on minor events. A very well written book. I look forward to her next book.
this book was absolutely amazing.  I have recommended it to everyone I know that is a reader.  I couldn't put it down.  The story is so well written and paced, you feel like you know these people, and want to see it turn out well in the end.
Ng writes beautifully, weaving clarity with love. I recommend this book to anyone who experienced life, pain, love or tenderness. I felt like Ng was writing about parts of my own life, completely different but exactly the same as her story.
I thought this book was fine.  We read it for my book club.  Unfortunately, I expected more of a mystery than a family falling apart novel.  The novel focuses on difference, life aspirations and what parents' hopes can do to their children.
I was somewhat disappointed with this novel.  I think it exaggerates discrimination of Asian people although I'm sure it exists. Educated, successful Asians cope far better than the family described here. I found it difficult to sympathize.
I liked the book after I got into it. It was sad but does help the reader understand the life of Asian/american folks. It was an eyeopener for me. The story line was okay...didn't think it was going to end the way it did, but turn out ok.
This is a fabulous book with an unexpected ending.  The relationships that unfold in the book are so deep and changing.  I hated to see this book end.  I wanted to see what happened next in the relationships that had become so real to me.
A very well written book about family, how the sins of the fathers fall on their children, how family can be a nightmare and at the same time become a growing healing experience for everyone  even at the price of death. So there is hope.
Even though I knew this was going to end tragically, the story was so well told that I couldn't stop reading.  And it is a story a white anglo with no insight into mixed nationality children needed to understand.  Nothing is as it seems.
Intriguing story, with warmth so that reader is engaged and empathetic to the characters. They all face problems that are realistically portrayed as well as how they confront them. Creates more complex personalities as story progresses.
I couldn't put this book down! I loved the perspective changing from one character to another. The only reason for the 4 stars was that (spoiler alert) Naths personality as it progressed led no indication that he would end up with Jack.
What a sad but true story when the parents try to live out their dreams in their children instead of encouraging them in their natural abilities. This book has a surprise ending - My Book Club loved the writing, very tight and engaging. Purchased the easy way on Amazon.
This was a wonderful book but so sad.  The author does a good job of transitioning between the characters thoughts.  We had a close-up view of mistakes they made and lessons learned.  Very thoughtful portrayal of minorities.  Good read.
Not a page turner for me.  I had just finished reading a depressing book prior, so I found this book to be more of the same.  Dysfunctional and self-destructive people navigating through their lives, leaving a wake of hurt behind them.
Wonderful book that explores the characters in a very In depth way even though it is less than 300 pages long It is a very sad book but gives great insight into inter racial marraige at a time<br/>That it was so rare well worth a read
A beautifully told story about fitting in or being left out.  "Everything I Never Told You" was a page-turner book for me.<br/>It's a fast read; I enjoyed the entire story and the ending pleased me!<br/>Thank you, Celeste Ng!
I really was able to empathize with these characters. I always felt out of place, like an outsider trying to be someone I was not.  I suspect many readers will see themselves at some point in their lives in this story. Wonderful story.
It took me a whole to get into this book, the characters were a bit stiff in the beginning,after a few chapters of reading everything they couldn't say, I found myself holding my breath in hope and agony as their back stories unfolded.
This book was wonderful and the fact that this was the author's debut book, is amazing.<br/><br/>Careful and thorough insight on the blending of ethnic backgrounds and the effect on family.  A must read. I couldn't pit the book down.
The story started out nicely with well-defined characters. I thought it got bogged down when laying out the circumstances of the main character's death. A little more editing is in order. But it was a fast read and I am glad I read it.
I really enjoyed this book.  It made me realize how society treats multiracial couples and their children.  In the story it shows how those children deal with being different.  It brings to light "bullying" in today's society.
This was a really good, character driven story, about a family trying to not implode. I love Ng's writing, I think she created characters that are complex, interesting, identifiable and often aggravating. It was difficult to put down.
This is such a great novel! I couldn't put it down, I was very much enthralled in the story. It was interesting to see the dysfunctions that stem from families and how they shape the adults. Looking forward to the next story from Ng.
I was captured from the beginning. This is so beautifully written. It moved along like a stream and you just go with the flow.  I just finished and had to reflect with a deep sigh...oh what could have been.  Do add this to your List.
This book was extremely well-written. At first the topic sounded a bit obscure but it is the way it's written that makes it hard to put down. Even as the mystery seems to become clearer, you're still driven to get to the end of book.
So sad! After about half way through I began reading this book through the constant tears in my eyes. Their loneliness was palpable. The writing so real, I could feel every emotion Lydia felt. And Hannah, and Nathan and all included.
I really loved this book.  Interesting thought starter on what can happen when we don't effectively communicate with those closest to us. Also manages to be an effective mystery and page turner.  It's dark, but well worth the read.
This is an excellent novel with excellent themes as well as deep and intricate story. Be weary, it isn't a story for the faint of heart. I would recommend not giving this to a future mother in law if she is a strict mom... oops...
This is well written, but a real "downer".  The main gist of the story is the tragedy that befalls a family because of needs, wants and expectations not shared with each other.  It's a very quick read, but very depressing.
I purchased this book because it was the Amazon Editor's #1 pick for 2014 and it was fantastic! I am constantly on the look out Celete Ng's second book, but nothing yet. I read the book in two days because I couldn't put it down.
I was captivated very early on. The characters are relatable and the story is believable. I felt a few of the characters were unnecessary and underdeveloped. I did feel lost and if you parts of the book, but I still recommend it.
A sad book, but also an entertaining one.  I frequently say that every book is a mystery because the reader is reading to see how it ends!  The ending surprised me and brought all the details together in a nicely tied up package.
Eloquent. Beautifully written with well developed and understandable characters. It left me with so many things to ponder. I did not want it to end. After reading the first page I was skeptical, but this book did not disappoint.
Great book! It held my attention so much, I didn't want to put it down. Best I have read lately, enticing characters that  really helped me think how I would feel in that situation. The family drama was extremely well developed.
Such a powerful story.  Such fabulous character development of Lydia, Nath and especially Hannah.  Such a loving story through the saddest of times.  With my wish for what might have been, if it weren't for the reality of life.
I loved this book and look forward to future works by her.  It is unique and thought provoking as it explores family relationships, racial tensions, individual expectations and limited opportunities for women over 50 years ago.
Read this after hearing from a friend that I might like it since I enjoyed The Lovely Bones.  It turned out to be far better!  Make sure you have the tissues handy - this story is heartbreaking and surprises you at every turn.
Such a heartbreaking and beautiful book.  I loved every page. Feels true and honest. I hope there will be more from this author who totally understands the human condition and has conveyed it perfectly in this wonderful novel.
I could not put this book down.  It got me from the beginning.  It ended very quickly, tying everything up neatly, which required a lot of suspension of belief, but I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a real page turner.
One of the best books of the year! It was fascinating to see that the father's sense of being separate and removed from the mainstream had a disastrous effect on his entire family. This story will stay with me for a long time.
I really enjoyed the novel overall. It does take the long route but I ultimately appreciated it in the end. Gave me a different perspective on looking at family dynamics of the things that shape them and the things never said
I read this book a few weeks ago and it has still stuck with me. The characters and their stories were so well-developed, and I didn't anticipate the twists. The author's prose is definitely to be savored. Highly recommended.
This book Was more about the family dynamic and personal struggles each family member is going through, I went into it thinking it was more about the mystery of what happened to Lydia. However the book was a nice, quick read.
One of the best books I've read in a long time.  There was a surprise at several turns.  What an amazing accomplishment this book is for the author.  I really feel lucky to have had an opportunity to read this book. Amazing!
Nicely written with a well developed plot. The characters come to life. My book group found the story a downer but everyone felt it was a worthy read. It's a page-turner that keeps a reader engaged and involved in the story.
An introspective story. Definitely not uplifting but an interesting insight into family relationships and cultural attitudes in the USA in the 1970's. I wanted to finish it but it was not compelling. Characters are complex.
It was illuminating and sad and uplifting all at the same time.  It portrayed the sadness of living as a stranger in your own land or house. Several things that happened in it surprised me and I enjoyed the book thoroughly.
This is an adolescent tale but it is also an impressive debut novel in terms of the diamond bright writing.  Ng grabbed my attention from the first and I liked this book even if I found the plot and the reveal unbelievable.
This book tells a very good story, but is very difficult to read....  It is so incredibly sad, I wasn't sure I was going to make it all the way through the book.  I'm glad I did though.  I love the surprises in the ending.
A good book for the beach, andf hardly a literary triumph. The overuse of similes became increasingly annoying. There was some very good writing; it was just not sustained. I don't understand the hype surrounding the book.
Celeste Ng is a brilliant writer and thinker.  Characters are so complex and nuanced, they jump off the page.  If you like this book, you must read another great book, The Illicit Happiness of Other People, by Manu Joseph.
She peels the characters back like an onion and each layer makes them more real and deeply relatable. This book makes me scared to ever write a first novel. It is that good. It is a perfectly clear dissection of a family.
What a fabulous book.  Engrossing from the first word to the last.  The writing is fluid and mesmerizing.  The themes of love, identity, race, gender are indeed everything I never told you.  Lots of lessons to be learned.
Interesting book, however, I'm a bit ambivalent about it.  Good character development and storyline; however, a bit unsettling.  This would be a good book for a book club because it would open many topics for discussion.
It was a hard read for me because of the weight of the sadness, draws you in like quicksand. The story could be a family's true story dealing with a child's death. Also a mixed race marriage and society's reaction to it.
I thought that this was a powerful insight into people's prejudices, fears, and inability or reluctance to communicate. It should serve as a warning to parents to resist trying to live their lives through their children.
Everything I Never Told You is a well-crafted story of a family in the wake if tragedy. Through each member's perspective, the reader eagerly engages as the tale unfolds. A relatively quick read, and definitely worth it.
I would probably recommend this book to a young teenage girl. I would not read this book again. I was hoping for more secrets and more intrigue. It only started getting good at three quarters thru and then fizzled again.
I like these stories of internal/famial relationships. If you're looking for an action packed novel, this might not be for you. The marginalized, the unfilled, and the adolescent angst of these characters was fasinating.
What an amazing and heart-breaking read of a dysfunctional family. The story was dynamic and the characters so believable. At times,  I wanted to reach into the book and either shake or hug each member of the Lee family.
I loved this book, it was almost impossible to put down. Despite an often melancholy story line, the book is filled with valuable lessons and leaves you with a sense of fulfillment. I highly recommend reading this book.
A good story..  I don't think of the bias here against Asian minorities but the story makes it very real.  The difficulties in communication among the characters seemed to resolve themselves a bit too easily at the end.
A sad, almost mournful tale of a what should have been a happy beautiful family had they been able to shake the weight of the baggage they carried so heavily. it seems to be a somewhat biographical sketch of the author.
Decent read, but characters were sadly dysfunctional.  Book does try to redeem itself in the end.  Interesting take on racism in the 50's and 60's that was very personal for me, since my parents were a biracial couple.
A punishing look at the pressures of a mother's failed dreams of  her own choices fall heavily on her daughter. Insight into what life is like being of Chinese descent living in a town where being different is painful.
A very good read!  The dynamics of a dysfunctional family are illustrated in a sensitive and intelligent manner.  The characters are excellently portrayed and the reader really begins to care about them.  A good read.
Very well written book and I really liked the writing style. I did not find the characters believable enough to really like the book. I felt that the basis was well founded and believable but the characters were not.
This book was excellent.  The writing was perfect and each character made the other come alive.  I did not like the fact that the Lee family were treated so badly by other town people because they looked "different".
This is a very sad read as the author takes you through the inner lives and motivations of family members.  While trying to impose their own needs and values upon their children these parents cause ultimate disaster.
great story! This is  one you will burn the midnight oil for!  Every chapter is more exciting than the last. This story will remain with  you long after you finish reading.
I really didn't care for this book. The only character I found the least bit sympathetic was Hannah. I  had a hard time finishing it, and when I did, I was very relieved to go on to something a little more inspiring.
Pretty good from the beginning. The author can get pretty wordy but overall a great story about family dynamics. I would recommend to anyone that enjoys messed up family books but not a thriller mystery kind of book.
This book is exquisitely written. The story is gripping and human and full of real life. It is by far the best book I read this year and I'm a voracious reader who is constantly disappointed with most things I read.
Great depiction of how a family is interconnected with its past present and future and how fragile that inter locking is. Each person and their place in a family is significant to the other, well written and moving.
An engaging book, but very heavy. It draws you in, but it's like being in a bad dream. The story is tragic and moving. It makes me think as a parent, do I encourage my child to do what I wished I had been able to?!
Fabulous read that deals in a real way several issues we face today that had their intellectual origin in the sixties and seventies.  Lydia is every woman in some ways, trying to sort out layers of identity issues.
I could not put this novel down. Ms. Ng is an excellent writer. Every parent should read this to show them how much harm they  can bring upon their children as well as destroying their relationship with each other.
From the description and reviews I thought this book would be deeper and more enrapturing. It was slow at times and didn't delve all the way into some of the issues the way I thought it would. It was a light read.
Really enjoyed this story.  Sad view into the life of people who never speak up, how misunderstandings or things never spoken can hurt people.  I found the whole story just very sad but yet I couldn't put it down.
The story kept me up at night because the characters were so real and raw and I wanted to know more and more and more. It never disappointed - wonderful writing. A story with so many twists and turns but so real.
This is a really outstanding book that is fresh. It is not re-hash of old scripts. Is is a sensitive portrayal of the challenges that kids can face when growing up. I loved it and really gave me food for thought.
This was a choice for our book club meeting.  The multi-generational characters and universal themes of fitting in, developing identity and untangling the complicated threads of family prompted a riach discussion
Very well written.  A lot of truth to the fact that most people don't reveal their true feelings to their spouses and children. Maybe a little too much reality which in turn caused the book to be very depressing.
A very good book and wonderfully written.  It shows how important open, honest communication is is important in a family.  Hannah was my favorite character.  She got lost among all of the craziness of the others.
It was a very sad book and I felt the main character's disappointments and trials.  It was an example of two parents trying to live their lives through their child's life while ignoring the other family members.
Although I enjoyed the book, I found it a little slow at times. It seemed like it took longer than necessary to get to the ''meat' of the novel.  Once we got there, it was well constructed and an enjoyable read.
This beautiful story is so poignant, so intricate, you won't be able able to put it down. The authors character development is so deeply woven it will leave you thinking about them long after you finish reading.
I really enjoyed this book.
This was a book club read for me and I was not familiar with the author, so was a bit apprehensive about how much I would enjoy it.  I loved it.  It was insightful and thought-provoking.  I highly recommend it.
This is a book that will stay with you. The characters are well developed & memorable. I love how the author describes the family dynamic & shows how the actions of one impacts everyone.<br/>Very well written.
This book is a deep examination of the family dynamic of this Asia-American family. It makes you think about the communication skills within your own family and the many things left unsaid. It is a great read!
The story is sadly beautiful. The writing is brilliant. It teaches all a lesson in love and being loved.<br/><br/>I am going to share with my 12 year old daughter who I am sure will love it as much as I do.
Addresses feelings from a different perspective about the loss of a loved one by the parents and siblings. Interesting how different people behave when dealing with loss.  Enjoyed reading this book very much.
having lost a daughter to suicide, I understood the pain of this family. Hannah is the light in this family. very complex and true in that people often keep thoughts unspoken and thus communication is skewed.
This was a beautifully written novel that explores how our upbringing effects how we raise our children. The characters were richly developed and layered. It's a book that I will think about for a long time.
Great book overall. I found it very intense and emotional. My only reason for 4 and not 5 stars is that it was a little difficult following the timeline as it jumps around a lot but eventually ties together.
Read this for book club.  We all enjoyed it.  The book is set in the seventies, and it was interesting to see how things were viewed<br/>then as opposed to now.  Lots of stuff here for book club discussion.
There are so many layers to the theme of this novel. It will keep you pondering the important things in life while wondering how a family could be so dysfunctional and ultimately survive. Well worth reading.
I enjoyed this book while reading it; the plot, themes and characters are well-created. But… it's not very memorable.I had to go back and page through a bit to remember the story. Hence my mid-stars rating.
For anyone who is trying to understand the whys and wherefores of their lives, this should be required reading.  The disconnect between what we perceive and what is reality makes this book a page turner....
This book was good but the storyline frustrated me... parents putting their unfulfilled dreams on their children. The story made me more aware of the prejudice that exists for all minorities in our country.
Although I am Caucasian and can never truly understand the uncomfort of being different, this book can ring true with everyone. A broken home, the death of a loved one...all those things we leave unsaid....
I read this book over the course of three days and thought about the Lee family in between.  It is 1977, when girls slathered themselves in baby oil and sunbathed.  (I hope they don't do that now.)  I can relate to this time period.<br/><br/>This story is about a mixed family, Chinese-American and American.  The parents Marylyn and James and their two older children Lydia and Nathan, because of their mixed origins, do not fit in with American culture at the time, despite their efforts.  Their third, youngest, child, Hannah, struggles to fit in with her, seemingly self-absorbed, family.  Lydia is found dead in the nearby lake.  Reading Everything I Never Told You gives the back story leading up to this tragic death.<br/><br/>When I finished this novel, I think my jaw dropped open.  I was very impressed with author, Celeste Ng's, style.  She shows this family's dynamic very well.  This is a sensitive and touching debut novel.  We are clearly shown the disconnect between parents and their children and with each other.  While this is fiction, it seems like a very realistic story.  In the end, it is a heartbreaker.<br/><br/>My Book Blog: http://postingfornow.com
This was a book that Amazon selected as a recommendation. The book synopsis appealed to me so I took a chance and I'm glad I did. Highly recommend the book if you like thoughtful well-developed characters.
Outstanding.  I randomly picked this up and could not put it down.  So many characters, so intertwined, so complex but so simple, good demonstration of people with their needs and desire for reinforcement.
This book was compelling, sad, heartwarming, devastating, morose, and uplifting all at once. The characters are so human and real. The story is engaging and layered. I would read this book again and again.
loved it, very captivating story.  Keeps you interested from the beginning.  Being that I'm from a different generation, this shed light on a type of racism that I never really thought about.  Great story.
Beautifully written and intricately plotted story. Hauntingly familiar in its depiction of how the things we do not say to our family members have a more profound impact on our lives than we want to admit.
Celeste Ng's first novel tells a very intense story about the relationships within a family. The characters remain in thought long after the novel has been read. I would highly recommend it for book clubs.
The book started a little slow for me. I never really believed what outcasts the Lee family was but I enjoyed how the author describes the pressure Lydia feels and the distance between the family members.
An excellent first novel. Unique characters, brilliant narrative structure. I am still thinking about this book almost two months later. An intimate view of a ordinary, yet distinctly un-ordinary, family.
Quick fast read! Author captured thoughts and feelings of her characters so much that this reader came to know them intimately!! Hard to believe it was a "debut" novel! WRITE ON, Ms Ng! WRITE ON!!
A moving story about a dysfunctional family that could not communicate or interrelate with each other and the effect this had on their individual lives. An exceptional first novel  from a talented author.
A thought -provoking, painful story of good people trying to live productive. positive lives, but failing to understand or be sensitive to the needs, feelings, and individualities of the people they love.
Wonderfully written, but a heartbreaking story.  I love how the story of what happened to Lydia unfolded throughout the story.  There were a couple of twists that I didn't see coming, which I always like.
I completely loved this book. The story line drew me in right away. It has been a long time since I read a final chapter of a book holding my breath, crying, with my hand on my heart. This is a favorite.
The book was a downer to read . The plot was mundane and depressing and while the characters were well-developed, none of them were people you would want to know or  particularly cared about as you read.
A really good read; I had a hard time putting it down.  Although it was pretty predictable in outcome, the author really fleshed out her characters and the issues Asian American bi-racial children faced.
Written in an unusual (and fascinating) tense. Good character development. You really care what happens to these people. And I doubt that you will guess the ending. I didn't, and I'm usually good at it.
Very good insight about how uncomfortable it feels to look so different from everyone around you.  I like the way the author goes into great detail so that you feel as though you're a part of the story.
It captures your attention from the first page and never gets boring.  The author does not spend time on extremely long descriptions of surroundings, but on the thoughts and emotions of the characters.
Really did not expect to "love" this book, however, it is a real keeper and I salute this wonderful novelist for a stunning first novel.  It grabed me by the soul & thrilled me with the ending.
Very well written and engaging book. I read a lot of reviews that warned of how sad it is, so I was prepared for that aspect. It *is* sad but nonetheless ultimately leaning slightly on the bittersweet.
This is a wonderful read. Ms.Ng is able to enter the mind's of her characters with such precision that at times I recognized my own failings<br/>and mistakes. Not a happy book but truly unforgettable.
This book was written with much tenderness  and care for a family that so wanted to do things right and yet hurt each other so badly. I was routing all the way for them as a family and as individuals.
A true page-turner!! The intensity never lessened--that's tough to maintain. I'm impressed and as a writer, envious. This is a terrific first novel!<br/>Susan Slater, author of the Dan Mahoney series
Good book. The the story line seems simple but there are  a few twists and unpredictable turns.  It was a good quick read. I didn't want to put it down- couldn't wait to read what was happening next.
Anyone who wants to be a good parent should read this book.  If really puts into perspective the real thoughts and feelings of children who are trying to pleas their parents and excel on their terms.
I enjoyed reading this very moving story about the differences, struggles and challenges of this family who come from two different cultures. It is a fast reading book that it is hard to put it down.
Love this book so much. Was reading a library copy, but I knew I would not want to give it back, so I bought a copy at the bookstore to finish reading it. Favorite book I've read in a long time .....
Very well written<br/>Gives you a lot to think about that we only want what is best for our kids but it is so coloured by what we got or did not get as kids ourselves<br/>Sad and thought provoking
Well written story and superbly crafted characters each of whom you will empathize with...a story that will haunt you in its simplicity and because you know that this could be about you and yours...
This was an incredibly good book. The story is so good that at no point do you want to stop and take a break. I loved the characters and the writing. I will now read anything this author publishes.
From early on, the destiny is determined. It's just a matter of watching it play out. Still, I had the sense the work was close to the author's life experience, in some way, and I appreciated that.
I really enjoyed this novel. You're drawn in from the first sentence and it's an emotional ride throughout. Great insights into minorities and prejudice in 1970's middle America. Very well written.
Celeste Ng is a masterful storyteller! She weaves an incredible story through the perceptions of each character, that draws the reader in. I could not put my Kindle down until I finished the story!
This was one of the best books I have read in a really long time. It does an amazing job handling complex issue: race, sexuality, fear of failure, and all of the fragile beliefs that make us human.
We know from the very opening sentence that one of the main characters in the family has died, and we spend the rest of the book learning why.  Mostly, it seems no one is really listening to anyone else. This is an intelligent, educated very middle class family in the 60s and 70s in small town Ohio with a Chinese American professor of American history and a white American mother. Both parents are basically decent well intended people with massive pent up frustrations over the way their individual lives have turned out, partially as a result of societal racism and it's inability to accept the couple or their children. But this disfunctional family creates a great deal of its own anguish with its inability to communicate with each other and the parents' efforts to resolve their own issues vicariously through their two older children, one of whom is the one who ends up dead. There's nothing terribly wrong with any individual here. and there's nothing to be done while they tear each other apart. it's certainly well written and the reader develops lots of insight empathy with each family member. well worth reading.
Poignant. well written story of a mother's relentless and  misguided  ambition for her favorite daughter gone horribly wrong resulting in devastating consequence that tears the whole family apart.
Loved it. Ng writes in a lyrical and easy voice. The story really makes you consider and question the delicate workings of family. The end left me wanting more& I Will definitely re-read it again!
This is an amazing book. Sad and tragic misunderstandings due to unspoken feelings of fear and love prove to be a cautionary tale. Well written, engaging and likable characters pull the reader in.
I couldn't put the book down.  I was so enthralled with it that I am using it as my selection to share the book talk tea next month. I truly hope Ms Ng continues to write. Her work is outstanding.
When parents try to live their lost dreams through their children love and affection become misshapen and stifling. But in the Lee family the tragedy that devastates them also begins to heal them.
Wonderful, thought provoking stores, well written.  I devoured it over two days, but a week later it still is in my thoughts and frequently a subject of conversation with friends.  Wonderful book.
Sad; parents think they're doing well by their children when in fact they are not. I never thought people could be so prejudiced and never saw it myself toward Asians; found that hard to believe.
This was so suspenseful. Who doesn't love reading about a dysfunctional family, whose glue (the person keeping them together) has just died. It's a great book, so under priced, and unpredictable.
This book is profound while having a riveting story line. Truly a book you'd wish you had savored, after you've been up all night reading it. One of those books that you're so happy you've found.
I enjoyed this book, thought it was a very good story with characters that rang true to life, and an accurate depiction of the kinds of struggles families and their individual members go through.
I was interested in the book because my grandchildren are half Chinese.  There was never enough suspense to the plot.  I felt very early on that I<br/>could guess  the outcome, and I was right.
First book I've read in a while that grabbed me on the first page.  An easy read that kept me turning the pages. It had a good message that caused me to reflect on my own personal goals in life.
Once I started it, could not put it down. Parents think they know their children, but are seeing them through their own ideas of them. The why's of early death is a dilemma for an entire family.
Beautiful story about a family struggling after a tragic loss. The author slowly revealed more and more about each of the characters. By the end of the book, I felt as if I knew them personally.
This is a page turner of a first novel. It about race, about being a parent, about secrets. lies, love and family relationships. This is a very original novel, deeply felt and elegantly written.
This was a definite page turner. There was depth to the personality of each character in the book.  The book had me wondering where the end would go, and in the end the story did not disappoint.
A touching  family dynamics drama involving the problems of interracial marriage along with the unexpressed emotions of each of the familymembers.  It held my attentions and tugged at my heart.
Fascinating look at family dynamics, racial discrimination and failed dreams. Multiple twists that are surprising but real. Tragic, disturbing story of family life. Well written and insightful.
A well constructed, totally engaging study of human frailties and strengths, of the power of thought and observation, and the capacity for a writer to help illuminate the delta's between them.
Once started it, could not put it down. Parents think they know their children, but are seeing them through their own ideas of them. The why's of early death is a dilemma for an entire family.
I really enjoyed this well-written and thought-provoking book.  Loved the character development and the descriptions…..so much that one could almost feel, see, taste, smell what was happening.
I didn't think I would like this book, but it hooked me. The characters tug at your heart. It is so very sad... as a parent it was very thought provoking. How children take the things we say.
What a tragic, pain filled, dysfunctional family. Well written book but just so sad - bringing to light all the words left unsaid that could have led to so much healing instead of brokenness.
Good read; great character development...family interaction, with input from all members. Delving into adolescence, race and feeling of belonging in the family, the society and the community
Really interesting book about mixed marriage and the children the marriage produces. Did Lydia commit suicide or not? Can Marilyn and James' marriage survive the death of the favorite child?
I liked the various perceptions from each of the characters in the book.<br/>Interesting to see how position in the family affects each one's personality and role in the life of the family.
A superior story of love, loss and the struggles of a family to simply fit in.  Mothers  and daughters will love this story and hopefully learn the valuable lesson of loving unconditionally.
Great story.  I began reading slowly, with lots of breaks.  About at the halfway point, I couldn't put it down.  I had to find out what happened to everyone in the story.  Very well written.
Very well written and the author kept my interest thru the whole book. Didn't expect the the way the book ended, but gave me a new incite to what folks go thru when there is such great loss.
Easy read, good story, nice characters.  Picked this based on Amazon's suggestion.  Something different, not really a mystery but more of a family tragedy and things that are never said....
Enjoyed the complex study of family dynamics although this family seemed far more damaged than circumstances explained. Their issues were so normal on the surface to leave such deep scars.
It's not a "feel good" book, but you root for the Lee family to overcome their dysfunction, insecurity, and fractured ties. You hope for the best, but you have to assume the worse.
It was somewhat depressing but extremely thought provoking. I am so glad I read it . Her style of writing leaves you wanting more. We can all identify with the mistakes we make as parents,
I could not put this book down!  It was well written and spoke to me on many different levels.  I would definitely recommend it.  I hope this new author will continue to write other books.
Depressing. Weak ending.
well-written page turner
Very engrossing story and writing--especially the first half of the book.  Fast reading.  Sad in its emotional content.  But true to some of the conflicts in American society  and family.
This book was a real drag. It took me several months to read because I kept putting it away. None of the characters were likeable and I did not really care what happened with any on them.
A great case study of ethnicity and how it affects families.  The author does a superb job mixing in a murder mystery with the dynamics of relationships and family systems and dysfuntion.
Very interesting read. Hard to describe and just as hard to put down. The characters have a lot of depth and the family dynamics are believable.  Really enjoyed the story and the writing
Very engaging novel with an interesting perspective on child rearing. . It was heartbreaking and thought provoking. Well developed characters and excellent writing. Highly recommended! .
very well written, with heartfelt memories and purposeful action.  it is a book about healing, from life itself.  I wish it would become a series, following g the two younger characters.
Look for the plot elsewhere. When Amazon began selecting one book as the Book of the Year, last year (The Goldfinch by Donna Tartt) they raised the bar considerably. The Goldfinch is a fantastic, old fashioned all encompassing read.  I totally agreed with their decision. This year Everything I Never Told You is the overall winner and with the hype lies major expectations. Personally, I thought the book was a letdown. It could come off as more of a mystery as to why Lydia died. There could be more suspense as we go through various clues. There could be a propulsive plot but there is simply none of that. It is a solidly written novel concerning a family dynamic. None of these characters are perfect and that is so realistic. The writing is very well done and the plot moves along reasonably well but appears to be longer in spite of its relatively brief length. Some say they read it in one sitting. Not I. The story simply did not draw me in. The ending, though tragic, is a bit of a letdown. The bottom line- well written but ultimately forgettable.
Grabbed me immediately.  Read on it a flight from Chicago and really enjoyed it.  Left me with lots of thoughts and questions.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.  All young parents should read it.
This book was an interesting read. It addresses an issue seen in many families till this date, which is lack of communication and always aiming to please regardless of the hurdles forth
My heart ached for this family because of what they missed...some of it was their own fault and some the fault of society. The story drew me in, and I came to care about each character.
This is a beautifully articulated novel. As a reader I was drawn immediately to the emotions of the characters and found myself so invested in this family. Highly recommend this story.
This was a beautifully written book, that kept my interest.  I felt it was more of a character study rather than driven by plot.  So if you enjoy that type of book, you will love this!
I found this book very "Meh."  I did read it to the end, which is a good sign, but I felt the author was really banging us over the head with the message. Too un-subtle for me.
The tragic story of a girl who finally learns that she must rebel against her parents' dreams and of the grief her epiphany leaves behind. Beautifully written and beautifully touching.
This novel is beautifully written with great sensitivity and compassion. The plot centers on a family of very humanly flawed people whose stories are told with such kindness. Loved it.
Sure,check a good a Tory<br/><br/>Such a good story about what can happen when parents try to relive their lives through their children, thinking that this time they'll get it right.
Heartbreaking, but beautiful. The thing I enjoyed the most, was the chronology used, and how even though you thought you knew all from the start, there were unexpected turn of events.
Read this in one go - totally engrossing and heartbreaking. I adored each of the characters especially Hannah - who seems to have the best chance of benefitting from the book's story.
This was a well-written story. It was terribly sad for these parents to be so out of touch with each other & their children. This could be a wake up call to speak less & listen more.
This book was beautifully written and described the struggles of being different than the rest of a group.  I would recommend it to anyone who knows how it feels not to quite fit in.
Very well written and good to read but left me feeling low. How this mother was able to control her daughter seemed out of context with the character she was originally portrayed as.
The unusual story of a family and  loss. Understated and very very well written.  This is a s story of a family coping with loss and the psychological trauma it has the all of them.
A wonderful read, from the tensions experienced from bi-racial relationships, to the errors (made in the name of love) in raising children and the parents' influence on self-esteem.
A gentle unfolding of a family facing crisis. The characters were believable and compelling. Secondary themes explore our own sense of estrangement from societal (and racial norms).
Different. I never read a book like this before. It was truly a lesson reading from the perspectives of a Chinese-American family. A book of sadness, weakness, and growing strength, and dreams, and how to break away from society's molds.
Amazing book! only brought because a friend on Facebook recommended it, but boy was i glad I did. I was glued from start to finish.
Wonderfully written book on family dynamics. Very real people but difficult situation.<br/>Excellent read for high school students and up.<br/>Will probably re-read starting NOW!
I was wrapped up in this book and couldn't put it down. I found Marilyn and James to be amazingly horrible at times but overall I enjoyed learning about their dysfunctional family.
Beautifully written, engaging novel. Much food for thought for parents about how the desire to give children the opportunities they themselves did not have can go tragically wrong.
Good read, very touching story and very interesting how the author is able to give the different perspectives of each character and get you to relate to them. I really enjoyed it.
This book deals with discrimination that ultimately shaped the inter ethnic family's lives. It also deals with faulty family dynamics that hurt off springs. It's quite a sad book.
I almost didn't buy this book because the title seemed so trite, but it turned out to be a well crafted and surprising story and the title really does fit. I'm glad that I read it
These unhappy characters made me as depressed as they were.  The author is extremely talented, and I marveled at many of her passages.  I look forward to reading more of her work.
I found this a nice read but also depressing. This family was so troubled I could feel the strain between them. The ending was a nice closing and finally brought tears to my eyes.
Though well-written this novel was nothing special as far as the plot goes. I found it a very depressing story and don't understand why this book has been given so much attention.
This is not a feel good novel but is is a very good read.  Very well written.  It kept my attention and I read it on two airline flights.  Great character insight and development.
Wonderfully constructed story about life, family, death and society. Drew me in from the opening line and I struggled to pull myself away from this complex, yet familiar, family.
A moving portrayal of relationships within a family and how important communication is in establishing emotional well-being. Things left unsaid can have devastating consequences.
So interesting to see the effects of a death on an entire family. Loved the biracial family and their struggles. Ending was very emotional. Does take a while to get to the point.
I could not put this book down...it peaked my interest all the way through, very well written, weaving an interesting tale. I had no idea where it was going but it didn't matter!
The book was so well written and a compelling read, but it was so incredibly depressing.....nary a sliver of joy nor hope throughout the book....so I can't say it was enjoyable.
All the bits and pieces of a family's life shatter when the oldest daughter dies. It falls apart and then comes back together again in new and unexpected forms. Amazing writing!
Good book just really sad...if you're looking for an uplifting, fun, easy read this isn't it.  Well written and interesting, but not the first book I would recommend to friends.
Silence can be deadly. The characters in this book are well drawn and you want to help them talk to each other but you can't. The book held my attention  from beginning to end.
A mystery unraveled for the reader but not the family involved. I found this a quick and interesting story and would recommend it for a good story to read in a weekend or less.
This book really begins to sink in after you finished it. At first I was mad at how it never tied together. But with some time to reflect, it all began to make sense. Good read
A heartbreaking view of a family's struggle to cope with loss when the only one who knows the whole story is gone.  A little slow in some places, but overall an excellent read.
This is a beautifully written book.  The characters are exquisitely drawn and the emotions portrayed so genuinely that it brought me to tears several times.  A wonderful read.
Great book. Gives you thought into your own life as to what you perceive to be and what is the truth. The story is somber, (not so much dark), but intriguing to the last page.
One of the most brilliant books I have read about family dynamics. I can't believe this is a first time novel. It captures you from the first page and I could not put it down.
Can't believe I finished this book, which does nothing more than state the obvious through poorly developed characters viewing life and events through their individual lenses.
Enjoyed the story but also struggled along with the family. Difficult to realize this happens but it does & as parents we don't always know what our children are experiencing.
Loved this novel from beginning to end.  It's complicated and tender and full of humanity, but oh so sad. The characters are nuanced, and the prose is beautiful and evocative.
A very good read, with wonderful characters and fascinating insights into family dynamics. The end, however,<br/>goes on and on, long after the reader knows what it will be.
This story sucked me right in. I was in high school at the same time as the Lee kids and everything, the clothes, the current events--it came back to me.  Very good, but sad.
Liked this book.  It was very thought provoking. Sad.  I used it to evaluate my perceived ideas of my children, and look at the way they perceive their identity. Well written
I think I really enjoyed this book, but I'm reviewing it about 5/6 books later and I can't remember it that clearly. ....No I can! Great characters, well written. Very Good.
LOVED this book.  Gripping, intriguing, thought-provoking.  I finished it in two evenings.  Everyone in our book group adored it.  I will be looking for more by this author.
This book is full of beautiful phrases and well-developed characters. The story was extremely interesting, and I felt immersed in the story the entire time I was reading it.
I did not expect this, but it is very interesting particularly detailing the differences felt by people who are mixed race. Very compassionate and touching story. Thank you.
Quick read. Good read.
Great read. Wonderful character development. I found it very difficult to put down and found myself thinking about it when I wasn't reading it - a sure sign of a good book.
Well written but dark.  So many opportunities to change to a more hopeful story.  I did like the author's style of talking about the future while talking about the present.
Quick read but with many predictable pieces. Enjoyable nonetheless. Told from different characters' perspectives to get a clearer picture of events- a literary tool I like.
This is one of those books that stays with you for a long time after you have finished reading it. It is haunting, interesting and beautifully written. Highly recommended!
Should be on Jr. Hi and high school reading list, instead of Catcher and the Rye.  A must read for parents, too.<br/>Simple enough grade level composition and vocabulary.
I'll probably forget this book in a few weeks. I did enjoy the story, which had a few twists. Prejudice, bullying, parent pressure, assumptions, and lastly, communication.
I love this book-- will be a forever favorite. What a sad story. This is one of those books that make you think: teach your kids how to swim (figuratively and literally).
I thought the book was good but I did see a lot of what was coming.  The one thing I liked, however, was how everything unraveled at the same time at the end of the book.
A heartbreaking story of a family who desperately needs to communicate<br/>their anxieties with one another and by hiding them almost destroy their family and themselves
Like the way she writes, the characters she created and the struggles they have to go through in their every day life, as they stand apart from the rest of the community.
Well written but too much struggling with every character. Found myself not knowing where to focus my attention and sympathy.  Had a blah feeling while reading this book.
A wonderfully written story about family, love, and loss. This story brings to life all of the complexity of a family that we experience and can't put to words ourselves.
I was caught up in the story from the beginning.  Beautiful writing.  Interesting, complex characters.  I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because the ending didn't quite work.
Very interesting book.  The author weaves the story of the characters as the plot progresses.<br/>Some people might not like it because of the structure.  I enjoyed it.
One of the best books I have read.  Poignant, heart rendering and exellently written.  Ms Ng is a very talented writer and I hope to read more of her work in the future.
This book took my breath away. Gorgeous and painful, Ng is a powerful writer. I willed myself to slow my reading as I neared the end because I couldn't bear the thought.
The writing was good and although the reason behind the characters' made sense, what didn't make sense was NOT saying/ doing something when it was so important to do so.
A book worthy  of discussion. Some beautifully written lines that enable the reader to touch the heart and soul of the characters in this dysfunctional, fictional family.
The book showed how much this country has come along as far as recognizing immigrants a part of their history. The author captured their agony and pain in every chapter.
It is hard to believe this is her first published novel.  The writing is excellent -- intelligent, insightful, strong.  A family portrayed at its best, and at its worst.
Beautifully written but disturbing story of a family tragedy.  The author does a wonderful job of presenting a nuanced picture of a marriage and the family shaped by it.
The Lee family is flawed in so many ways that it seems unfair, but it's those flaws and the layers of character building that make the book so interesting. A must read.
I loved this book and thought about for a while after I finished it.  The characters are so rich and well written.  The story line was great; I was sorry for it to end.
Very interesting and insightful.  The story is simple, but the emotions are deep and heart felt. This book takes you into a world where people so close are so far away.
An interesting look at how different members of a family perceive the same events.  How our choices are influenced by our ethnicity, gender, and parental expectations.
I loved this book.  I found it so interesting that the children were so in tune to feelings and the situation around them while the parents seemed completely clueless.
This is a wonderful, heartfelt story that I highly recommended to my two book clubs.  Everyone I know loves the well-woven story with excellent character development.
A sad premise of a novel but well written from the interesting perspectives of each of the characters effected by the tragedy.  It kept my interest through to the end
Couldn't put it down.
Beautifully and sparely written, with the layers of family misunderstandings and half understandings precisely evoked.  Wonderful concise prose, well worth the read.
Very poignant plot, well written. At the end it turns a bit sentimental and the deep more realistic tone of the novel changes to a lighter one. I highly recommend it
We chose this book for our church book review and everyone has been pleased with the book.  Full of twists and complex people.  Certainly would recommend this book.
This book was a fast read.  Intriguing and multifaceted.  Ng writes with skillful insight into the emotional landscape of human and family relationships.  Loved it!
Kind of the race version of Reconstructing Amelia.  While the book covered the isolating aspects of racial differences, it was weak on the teenage family dynamics.
Wonderful job Celeste Ng does with her cast of characters. She tells the story of a family that you really want to make it through the toughest loss of a lifetime.
This novel is a prime example of how poor communication and childhood irrational thinking leads to multi layer heart aches and disappointment. Awesome debut novel.
Although the book is not set in the present time, it reads like a piece of contemporary fiction.<br/><br/>Wonderfully written – I so wish the author had another!
The entire book feels drawn-out. It's a book of wondering so... Of maybes... Of "if only"s. I enjoyed the way all of the characters were flawed and human.
Celeste Ng captures family dysfunction and alienation in a nuanced compassionate way. Absolutely couldn't put this down, with each character leaping off the page.
Well written, an interesting story about the impact of racism on an American/Chinese family and how that affected decisions made and family dynamics. Highly recommend although spoiler/warning your heart will bleed for the dead Lydia and her short life which was f&^%ed up by her damaged parents.
I found the book morose and slow. I love to read but found myself skipping to the almost end as I just couldn't stay with it anymore. Too predictable in someways.
Great discussion book.Highlights all the assumptions people make in everyday (thwarted)  communication, based on their personalities,aassumptions, and upbringing.
This was a well-written look at a family falling apart. The ending was a bit disappointing in that some of it didn't seem to fit with the time period of the book.
A study in family dynamics so dysfunctional that I found myself weeping for each character's shattered life.<br/>Well written, suspenseful and a great storyline.
I loved this book.  Coming from a "fractured" family I could relate to the pain of silences and to the fears because of it.  The author had great insight
Enjoyed this book immensely! Well written and completely believable interactions.  Tragic story that could have been maudlin in a lesser talented writer's hands.
Captivating and so well written.  Loved the characters and the development of a dysfunctional family that were so unaware of their part in their children's pain.
Definitely kept me hooked trying to figure out just what happened to Lydia, and see how her family became the way they were.  Very unique, definitely recommended
great read; you are reeled in from the very beginning, but layers keep being revealed right to the end. great story and really well written. thoroughly enjoyable
One of those rare books where you have no idea what will happen in the next charter. I found all the different points of view of the characters to be fascinated.
Quick & excellent read. One of those books you don't want to put down and a bit of that edge-of-your-seat feeling. Well-written with fully developed characters.
An interesting combination of historical fiction that intertwined the pitfalls of family life with the overt and subconscious challenges of a mixed race family.
From the moment I started it I couldn't put it down.  The characters were so well written you were drawn into their world for the time it took to read the book.
Great book...a little slow, but in a really good way. Like Sunday mornings in a quiet house, as opposed to Saturday when you try to get everything done at once.
Literally cannot put it down...engaging, expertly detailed as though you are right there every moment. Best descriptive writing I have ever read in my 41 years!
Such a touching story about the difficulties faced by an multicultural family in the 70's before this was so accepted. The effects on everyone are touched upon.
Each character was very well etched. Couldnt keep the book down. The story will stay with me for a long time and will help me become a better parent hopefully.
You know from the start that the sad event will impact their lives. What amazed is their lack of communication and how the parents pasts impacts their children
A wonderful, sad, bold and riveting story about family dynamics. Everyone should read this. No matter the time period, the complexities of people never change.
It's hard to say I liked this book, because it was so heartbreaking.  It shows you never truly know anything about another person, even if they are your child.
kinda tough to read in the beginning - a sad attempt for parents to fix their failings through a child - but the end is worth is.  And it's beautifully written
Gave me increased insight and consideration for the burdens some people carry because they appear different to others.  Held my interest and a good story line.
this story gripped me from the beginning and held me until it's end. i hated to put it down + rarely did. hungry for more from celeste ng. soon, pretty please!
Written non-linearly. The realizations and insights into grief, coping with cultural tensions, and the dysfunctional communication among a family is haunting.
It is an amazing exploration of inner lives, love and the importance of communication. Being true to yourself. Being true to others. Sad but a wonderful read.
A young girl dies. Murder? or suicide? Back & forth around this pivotal event, the family, as a whole & as individuals, are unraveled. People are complicated.
Great book, highly recommended  The story is narrated in an intimate but compelling way. The reading catches the attention and you feel involved in the story.
Loved it....so beautiful and haunting. Highly recommend it.  The characters are so fleshed out and I can't help but see a similar writing style as "the help".
Wasn't able to put it down. Started off well and kept me captivated the whole time. If you want something quick that keeps your attention...this is your book!
Fast pace, quick read. Once I got a fourth of the way in, I couldn't put it down. Interesting, but lacking characters that made me care what happened to them.
A sad story but good. About parents living through their children and how  their failures can mess up a family.  Also  how racism can affect someone for life.
Lana<br/><br/>The character development and interaction were gripping!  I couldn't wait for every opportunity to pick the book back up and read!  Well done.
This novel captures so many human emotions as they relate to family relationships. This novel is up there as one of my all-time favorites.<br/><br/>.<br/>.
Wonderfully realistic story from a local author...working in the field of gifted education, I sadly know how true this scenario can be for our children today.
Really enjoyed book.
A very thought-provoking read about complicated relationships marred by miscommunications and insecurities, with severe consequences. I couldn't put it down.
As I read, thus grew into a beautiful story about a family, and the individuals who comprise it, about not fitting in and finding one's way to understanding,
This a sensitive look at what can happen when parents try to redeem themselves through their children.  This book is very well written and moves right along.
This is a dysfunctional family to beat all dysfunctional families, but I couldn't put it down. I still wonder about what is revealed in the final chapter....
Grabs you from the first. Well crafted, intense, interesting, intuitive, an emotional read. I would highly recommend and great for book or family discussion.
Kindle rated this the best of the best so I was geared for an excellent read. The things never told are not complex and are predictable. I expected much more
Excellent.Exquisite writng. A can't put down book. Wonderful discussion for our book group. One of best choices this year. Looking forward to her next book.
This book is well written, but to me it was too depressing. It is definitely not one that I would recommend despite all the academic praise it has received.
great book.... covers in a very readable way the difficulty of interracial marriage and children; as well as the dreams that parents have for their children
This is a great book about a mixed Asian family and a tragedy that affects all their lives.  The writer is quite brilliant and I recommend this book highly.
This book is written to show that you can never be positive about what's going on in someone else's mind and that even the facts of a situation can mislead.
A good book for book clubs. Thought provoking on many levels. Historically looking back towards discrimination, women's role and how we raise our children.
Really enjoyable story of the aftermath of a young girls apparent suicide and how the family copes and learns more about the enigmatic girl in the process.
Not an uplifting book...rather sad, but so well-written. Great insights into the family dynamics and the struggles of being societally "different".
It was beautifully written about a subject that in some way everyone can relate.<br/>However it was extremely depressing which made it difficult to read.
Enjoyed this book very much. I could see this being a movie. The charactors were easy to connect with and allowed the reader to really "see" them.
I enjoyed this book very much.  It's hard to believe this was Ny"s first book.  Try this book, you will enjoy it and it will stay with me for a long time.
I give a 5 star rating - the story captured you from the beginning and kept you even when it was finished . Many life lessons to be learned- start telling
Beautifully written story which I will remember for a long time!<br/>Leyla Atke, author of<br/><br/>
I am a slow reader but I finished reading this book in 2 days. Parents unintentionally impose their dreams to their children which lead to a tragic story.
Elegantly written and engaging. It would, perhaps, be even richer if there was a bit more balance to the ineffable sadness that permeates the entire work.
Very thought provoking novel and extremely well written. It really delves into family dynamics and the effect every member of a family has on each other.
Wasn't a book I would normally read, the characters were well developed- the story kept you guessing- Made me appreciate my own family and lack of drama.
It's tragic to be reminded of this book of the unintentional way we hurt each other.its also eye opening if you have never been th done who didn't fit in
I really liked this book.  Cultural differences and gender expectations take a family in certain and heart breaking direction.  The writing is excellent.
I thought I was choosing a murder mystery. Unfortunately this is more sociology than mystery. Sad and a bit of a soap opera. Still a quick and easy read.
This was a sad book but a fascinating read. The characters were all interesting. My book club drank less wine and talked more about the book than usual!
Addressed themes of prejudice, missed opportunities, acceptance, love, and grief. Wonderfully told. You think about it long after finishing. I loved it.
I really enjoyed this book It highlights the dreadful consequences of an ambitious parent trying to live the their failed dreams through their children
The characters are strong, the writing gripping.  I very heartfelt book that touches emotions and reminds you to tell the people you love what you need
Good read, very sad though. Hadn't thought of prejudice against Asians in the Midwest. Characters were convincing and it was difficult to stop reading.
Very well written with enough suspense to keep you reading and enough universality to make you stop and think how this story applies to your own life.
A little slow moving but over all a good book.  Enjoyed the complexity of the characters but was waiting for the climax of the story which fell short.
This is a wonderful book from a first time author. The book was haunting, so descriptive that I felt myself<br/>right there with them in their pain.
This book appeared to have promise until about 1/3 of the way through.  Then it  got rather predictable and lack-lustre.  I finished it disappointed.
Bummer of a book, content and characters are all very dysfunctional. If you like Oprah's old book club from about 10 years ago, you'd like this book.
good book that is not your ordinary story.<br/>Beginning and end are backwards and very unexpected,<br/>You want to keep on reading to find out why
Good, intriguing story; lots of reflection on family dysfunction and the ways our past can be imprinted on our children without us even realizing it.
Quirky  way of compiling an excellent plot. I liked the little twists and turns in the story, Clear language and a nice portrayal of characters. Sam
Readers will be frustrated by family members' utter failure to tell each other the truth, truth that might have saved them from tragic consequences.
Interesting and gives insight into being "visually different" in our American society..... most of us are "different" in other ways.
Enjoyable read. Nothing too gripping but enough to keep me reading. Possibly 4 stars.<br/>Family dynamics examined as well as cultural differences.
I could not put this book down.  It seems cut and dried but it isnt.  Keep reading.  I cant wait for her next book.  This was an amazing first novel
Excellent writing, capturing how it feels to be different. Trying to live up to others expectations. To realize the relief of letting go, giving up.
Enjoyed this novel. The characters are well drawn and because of that can be both endearing and infuriating. Held my attention until the final page.
I like the book. But there were too many intriguing scenes in this book. The relationships were not convincing and not believable. My opinion only.
A fast read and worth every second. Poignant with all the words said and left unsaid by each of the characters. Savor the raw emotion of this book.
A story about a family with all its complexities.  One can't help but empathize with the characters.  It brings home what humans do one to another.
Beautiful storytelling. Such in depth characters. The human condition played out in a biracial family. Sadness and then survival, wonderfully told.
Ng's writing had me interested from the very first few pages. I really liked her style of writing and how she brought so many situations to light.
Interesting book about inter-racial marriage and its affect on children; about parents seeking to realize their own dreams through their children.
Definitely depressing and a weak story line, but it did make you think about racial profiling and the difficulty for those that are targets of it.
You will not be able to put this book down. I carried it with me until I finished it and then started it all over again. Devastating breathtaking!
This was disappointing.  From the synopsis, I thought this would be some sort of murder mystery.  Instead it is a study of a dysfunctional family.
I read a lot and I read this over the long Thanksgiving weekend.  A very enjoyable story with finely drawn characters.I would recommend this book.
I enjoyed this book very much. I liked the way the author skipped back and forth between past and present. It never felt cumbersome or confusing.
The story was captivating. I found myself very engrossed in the feelings of the characters. I was finished before I realized I was at the ending.
This was a beautifully written first novel. Lovely, well-developed and complicated characters made for an entertaining and though-provoking read.
Read this book in one day. Was struck with sadness and the reality of all things unsaid, misinterpreted and understated in families. Well written
What a beautiful, sad tale full of rich, relatable characters. This story held me completely spellbound and I read this in just a couple of days!
A well written novel about a family with parents of different races and how that affects each member.  sad tale well told and very well written.
A fascinating combination of mystery and family drama, carefully and beautifully crafted.  Ultimately a tale of forgiveness, loss and redemption
This was not really easy to get started, but once I figured out the family dynamic, it was a good experience to read and a well-developed story.
This was a heartwarming book that took you through the thoughts of a teen struggling to pursue the dreams that her parents have created for her.
I loved the authors writing style of using the past and present to tell the family's story. I cried for them at the end and wanted to read more.
A good story but kind of a downer!  Sheds light on racism in an interesting way. It was suspenseful and intriguing, but a rather depressing book
I loved this book! It is great the way the author develops the family dynamics and the parents unfulfilled dreams on their daughter. Excellent!
The story shows how each family member interprets situations differently. The book is engaging & thought provoking. Strongly recommend reading.
Interesting plot, can be hard to follow at times. Writing style is slightly different than I'm used to. Felt the ending could have been better.
This is a story about all that is never said within a family. You completely lose yourself in this book, and so gently and beautifully written.
It is very good. I found it well written and the characters were very well done. I recommend it-but for some reason I did not love it-liked it.
A stunning story where I was totally involved. Displayed the act of forgiveness beautifully without sounding too spiritual. I loved it totally.
Very moving...  And deep.  The characters are wonderful.  I felt like I knew them.  My heart ached for all of them..  The ending was wonderful.
I thought this book was absolutely beautiful and honest. The characters were real and their stories very moving. I highly recommend this book.
This was a book club book for me. It is a good read and I found myself compulsively reading to find out what happens next. It is not too long.
For those who grew up in multicultural families, this story may also be your story.  Resonated with my own family and the dreams of my parents
I liked this novel, the characters were interestingly flawed, yet at the same time clichéd.  I look forward to seeing Ms. Ng grow as a writer.
This is a great read!  See my full review on my blog http://punchdrunkthirty.blogspot.com/2015/09/everything-i-never-told-you-by-celeste.html
Beautifully written. I read it twice and I enjoyed it both times, despite the strange characters, the deep sadness, the bittersweet ending...
It was a very interesting book, with changes along the way that made you think you knew what happened and how, but the story has more to say!
This was a great read and a great characterization of how we can oveook our children's needs when we base our expectations on our own desires
Book was mostly a pleasure to read but was really quite predictable. Character development a bit half baked. A three star book in my opinion.
The story depicted what could happen, and does, when yiou don't reveal to others close to you what you think about them. This is a must read.
Beautiful writing. The story of a disconnected family is compelling and relative.  The characters were believable. The ending was a surprise.
This book makes you realize that your children's dreams are not the same as your own dreams. I was quite moved by the children in this story.
I thought this book would really talk about family and I enjoyed the first half of the book. Disfunction is a problem for all us humans no matter who you are.  But I found the book spoke a lot of idealism instead of reality.  I did feel the racism aspect to be realistic. The solutions or even the thought processes were immature and showed the author really didn't understand the aspect of loss, reactions of women to infidelity, or the fact that no one can know what someone else is thinking unless they tell them.  There are a lot of references of the characters "knowing" what another character is thinking when it is obviously not the case. I was extremely disappointed with the book, its conclusions, and lack of maturity.<br/>I do not recommend this book to anyone.
I really liked this story and it has stayed with me for a long time after finishing - I wanted to stay with the story longer than it lasted.
Explores all the ways that family can really harm our self concept. Great book for anyone wanting to connect to a silently suffering family.
Good book, written in a very thoughtful and engaging way - with a pace that one must be patient with. Definitely enjoyed and am glad I read.
The most engaging aspect of this book was the exploration of identity and mixed ethnic relationships. The mystery seemed an add on at times.
A wonderful, complex book on family dynamics.  The characters are well developed and insightful.  A lesson in not leaving thoughts unspoken.
Story was somewhat interesting, but a bit of a downer. There were some days I just didn't pick it up because it was so sad, with no relief.
I thought the book was well written ,but the story content was so sad ,I felt like I didn't want to read any more but it was so intriguing.
As I began reading. I was not sure about this book, but once I got use to the way the story moved, I found it fascinating and very profound
Excellent book..  great character development... well told story dealing with significant family and social issues.  Could not put it down.
this was an o,k, reading experience, didn't think the family was going to recover.  Very good writing so many details I could picture them.
Great book.  Exploring many subjects, struggle of minorities in 20th century America, assumed role of women, unfulfilled expectations, etc.
It was a good read with a good story. However, sometimes it was almost like forcing myself to keep going. In the end, I am glad I read it.
The title itself is already well-arranged words. I did not expect I will get addicted with this book. I finished this for less than a day.
This book is simply not my type. Though it's a good story. Maybe it's very culture related and I'm not familiar with that kind of culture.
Compelling and sad. Interesting and mysterious. A quick read. Worth the time to read. Enjoyable and thoughtfully composed. Would recommend
I really liked this book. At the very beginning I wasn't sure if I would but it turned out to be one of the best I've read in a long time.
Well written and engaging, yes.  But did I enjoy reading this book?  Not so much.  Weak ending that might have benefitted from an epilogue
From the very beginning, the story grabs your attention and keeps it right until the end!  Loud applause and wild cheering for Celeste Ng!
This is one of the best books I have ever read.  It is a very sad story but learn so much about human emotion.  A must for any book group.
Mostly a character study of family life and the difficulties therein.  Under scores what we don't know about the people we think we know.
A completely different read for me,having said that I found the story compelling.Enjoyed each characters point of view of the same event.
A current theme today of treating different races with disrespect. A sad statement about man kind. Enjoyed reading from beginning to end.
Very surprising book, enjoyed every word. Character development, plot and knowing the end first was what made the book brilliant writing. The cultural insight and struggles of this  bi-cultural family illustrated what being different feels like in any cultural and how the influences of family/parent  can bind children their past and limit their future. Historical Trauma played out in each generation ending in the loss the characters will never fully understand. Beautifully written!
Loved the not perfect ending.  All members of the family had great character development. So much understanding without words.  Loved it.
Sad family story. I've read a few books about Chinese culture in earlier decades of life in the United States and feel it's true to life.
Character development was good, but the sequencing was sometimes hard to follow.  I felt that the ending was weak or not fully developed.
Great writing and catchy plot line. Lots of things unsaid that make this family borderline dysfunctional. Interesting and relatable story
Like many other reviewers, I so wanted to like this book! I think Ms. Ng has an interesting voice, but it was difficult to get beyond the lack of depth of the characters. The one dimensional parents were unbelievable and the racism didn't ring true either. As previously mentioned, this read much more like a YA, which isn't bad if your expectations are adjusted.
This is one of my all-time favorites. It is complex and poetic and so beautifully written. I truly enjoyed every thought-provoking page.
Really liked this book--does a good job of describing the pitfalls of putting too much pressure on your kids to fulfill your own dreams.
it does things to you. and story so poignantly true for so many out there. the suspense kept me going. and there was never a dull moment
A complex and often disheartening topic, miscommunication and family dysfunction, is handled ably in the skillful hands of this author.
I loved this book... Celeste Ng perfectly intertwines the layers of individual emotion and struggles into the complexities of family...
The story was good; however, the narration was too slow for me.  Her voice was slow and soft.  She paused so much that it irritated me.
I really like the author' style of writing however, the characters all have issues and the story is neither intriguing nor suspenseful.
The story was captivating and beautifully written. This family's anguish was captured in each of its members,  never losing its rhythm.
The characters, while very likable and real, remind you of how fragile life is.  Sometimes you can relate to them more than you'd like.
Beautifully written story about a complex family with cultural and era considerations that draw you in to the heart of the characters.
What a real story. True, fleshed-out characters, universal themes, heartbreaking. Have tissue handy. Can't wait to read her next book.
Enjoyed reading this story of a family and all the hurt that is unintentionally caused sometimes. Good food for thought for all of us.
It reminded me of Ordinary Grace.  The plots paralleled.  I was enlightened in the Asian prejudices .Family life's always interest me.
I was a bit disappointed with this book as the reviews were good. I didn't have a lot of empathy with the characters, except Hannah.
It was interesting to view racism from the perspective of an Asian American, which I hadn't read about since Snow Falling on Cedars.
Hits a nerve, despite the difference of time and place.  I think a lot of children feel the pressure of their parents' expectations.
I enjoyed the storyline, though I wasn't ready for the story to end. I am really hoping to find the story continues in another book.
I was disappointed, I thought it would have been more believable, but the characters were not real, and the situations unsurprising.
Loved this book. Realistically told story of not truly knowing even those we love best. It might become the new Catcher In the Rye .
I really enjoyed this book because it was so thought-provoking and changes the way I think about my own life.  Highly recommend it!
Just okay.  Story was fairly predictable, and although I had compassion for the characters, it didn't move me as much as I'd hoped.
Did not think it was that compelling.  I could tell where it was going though one part about the potential boy friend surprised me.
It's a page turner with great characters and the intricacies of family relationships.  Well written and fast moving. Enjoyable read
Gripping story beautifully written!<br/>Excellent metaphors describe feelings of being an "outsider" from many viewpoints!
I just felt frustrated at the end of the book and mad at all characters but one. It was quick and interesting but not a page turner
The story was intriguing and moving.  The plot moved along at a good pace.  I liked it enough to buy it for someone else as a gift.
Extremely well-written book that will captivate your heart and mind....and will leave you thinking about another time in your life.
The story has so many layers, as this story unfolds, more and more details of each character are revealed. I couldn't put it down!
This is a good beach read; other than that, I was disappointed in how the author developed the story ending.  Or 'undeveloped' it.
This book gripped me from start to finish. I felt like I knew the characters and it felt very real. Excellent. Highly recommended.
I would recommend this book to anyone wanting a good, quick read that will keep your attention from the first page until the last.
This was a nice and honest story about family dynamics. That a lot of people can  relate to when they want to protect their family
A great book that pulls you in with vivid descriptions of family life and how much we all affect each other more than we realize.
I kept waiting for the "everything I never told you" part. It felt kind of boring, although yes, a very depressing story.
The writing was good, the story compelling and definitely took the reader where she did not expect to go upon starting the story.
Well written but a very heavy, dark story. If you need either a feel good book or a redeeming ending this isn't the book for you.
I didn't want this story to end, it was so beautifully written.  I highly recommend and will be looking for other novels by Celest Ng.
This story has brought to light the consequences of our perceptions of others as we choose to see them and not as they truly are.
This is a powerful debut novel, a literary mystery. "Lydia is dead," is how the book begins. Lydia is the biracial, blue-eyed, favored middle child who tries to take in her parents' unrealized goals as her own. It proves too much for her. She does nothing but study and pretends to have anotheg book for everyone, but especially parents
This is about an extremely dysfunctional family - a little depressing.
Thought it was just okay. Slow in the beginning ..ending surprised me.
As soon as I started reading, I knew what was going to happen and why.
Well written tale about a very dysfunctional family. Quite a sad book.
Great book, hard to put down!  So interesting from all points of view.
Simply one of the most moving books I have read .... Wept at the end.
Really good story about secrets and how they can influence our lives!
It is a great book to watch the society problem among asian  American
Well written,read it in 2 days,couldn't put it down it was that good.
An intriguing awareness of the levels of relating in family dynamics.
Beautiful prose. Very thought provoking. Enjoyed this book very much.
Poignant and thoughtful story about dreams forfeited and a life lost.
This was a beautifully written, haunting book.  Absolutely loved it.
THIS WAS A STRANGE BOOK, VERY WELL WRITTEN, I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED IT.
Well laid out story line.  I enjoyed the book.<br/><br/>Thank you.
A very real look at what happens when tragedy strikes close to home.
I love this book so much. The only thing that I hated was the cover.
Wonderful complex story that brings awerness to loss and diversity.
Very touching story about family and social dynamics. Well written.
Such a sad story, but beautifully written with engaging characters.
Enjoyable, Entertaining, And the title certainly fits the script.
This is the best book I have read this year. Beautifully written.
From the first page to the last, I was mesmerized by these incredibly well-meaning characters who got it so wrong.<br/>Celeste Ng is a very talented writer who knows her characters well and keeps them true and believable.  Her poetic descriptions flowed easily between the characters and events. I will read her next work, for sure.
Great book.  Sad but very interesting characters...true to life.
Ng did a masterful job in getting inside the protagonist's head.
I thought this book was simply written and somewhat predictable.
I can't believe I finished the book because it wasn't worth it.
Well written. Good character development. Couldn't put it down.
for book club.  Not quiet as good as the reviews in my opinion.
Interesting characters, not very uplifting yet still enjoyable.
Told so well. Hard to put down. Haunting and so real. Loved it.
I agree with the previous reviewer, I am not sure what the fuss is about this book.  The stories have been told time and time again and the author did not stray from the norm by changing the stories either. Luckily I borrow this book from the library, otherwise I would have asked for a refund.  Totally not worth buying.
This book was an ok read.  I was really expecting more as it received great reviews.  It's about life in the 70's for a Chinese-American family.  I had the one part figured out after I was 1/2 way through.  Nice writing style but it just didn't grab me and make me want to read the next page.  I did finish it though.
Excellent read. Mysterious but also relevant issues discussed.
This book will not change your life BUT was a good read  Enjoy
Enjoyed it even though it wasn't really the usual who done it.
Good book that a group of us read for a book club.  Easy read.
Loved it! Was hoping for more twisty ending, but it was great!
Can't wait for her next book! Loved the way this was written!
Engaging, well written. Draws you in from the first sentence!
Just finished reading this book. Excellent on so many levels.
Exquisite writing; interesting unfolding of a family tragedy. The author leads us back in time from the tragic opening line in order to see how the family dynamics led to this tragedy.
An unusual and compelling story of living astride two worlds.
Powerful,sad,suspenseful...could NOT stop reading until done.
An easy read.  Kept me interested to find out what happened.
This book is a good read for all ages. I will read it again.
Very well written...keeps you going and wanting to read more
I enjoyed the book but not enough to recommend it to others.
Intrigued by the introspection into insecurity and betrayal.
I liked the writing style and the story was very interesting
Excellent book. Love the characters. Could not put this down
Absolutely loved the book but was disappointed in the ending
I don't want to be sad!  Ending didn't make everything okay.
Another story that makes you think long after the book ends.
In depth look at growing up different from those around you.
The saddest book I ever read and I couldn't 't put it down.
Very deep....deep and thought provoking. We are all guilty.
I wouldn't say it's a must read but I did enjoy reading it.
This is by far the best book I've read in a very long time!
Loved it.  Beautifully written, insightful, and compelling.
Well told story that unpeels layers of a family's structure
Love it
sad story/but so well written I could not stop reading!!!!
It got me from the first sentence. I couldn't put it down.
Great read - good plot and great development of characters
Very good book. A bit confusing but a heartbreaking story.
A very good read ,will look up what else she has written.
Wow-behind the lace curtains is all I can say. Excellent!
It was good, but best book of the year... I don't get it.
love it - very insightful for those who don t quit fit in
Made me cry, especially the last beautifully written page
Beautifully told story with many twists I never expected.
The story kept my attention. Read it all in one sitting.
Enjoyed the authors perspective on "fitting in".
This narrative was so thoughtful and told so beautifully
Amazing book--beautifully written--page turner for sure.
Although the book was written well, I felt that it wanted to be "The Lovely Bones" but missed the mark. It's definitely not a murder mystery book as the beginning of the book might suggest. The story is more about family drama rather than solving a girl's disappearance.
Predictable and hurtful parents destroy their daughter.
Good read, you just do not goes on behind closed doors.
I couldn't put it down; basically read it in one night!
Very predictable, but a good book to read at the beach.
Great book, captivating, gentle and beautifully written
depressing book - no bright spots in this family's life
I thoroughly enjoyed this book and highly recommend it.
Found this to be a poignant page turner...recommend it!
Easy to read,  compelling story on human relationships.
I READ ALOT AND THIS BOOK  WAS LESS THAN AVERAGE FOR ME
Really good read! Kept me wondering until the very end.
Beautifully written.  Very good (though painful) plot that keeps you guessing until the end.  If you like your novels upbeat and tidy, this is probably not for you.  If you like realistic portrayals of troubled people, this will stay with you for a long time.
Such a fascinating and page turning story. Great book!
Meticulously written, hypnotic and thoughtful and sad.
Sad story but it was just ok. I wouldn't recommend it.
Sadly nothing has changed as far as racism in America.
sorta depressing and disjointed - jumps around to much
Makes you think about the importance of family support
Well written, disturbing, and very thought provoking.
Perfectly readable novel. I just wanted more from it.
Spellbinding story. I could feel the physical tension
Beautifully written with unexpected twists and turns.
Could be one of the most depressing books I have read
Amazing story; each chapter unveiling another secret.
From the first page to the last, this book is depressing.  I could only handle reading this book in short spurts and only finished it because it was for my book club.  I was hoping the ending might be uplifting but sadly it ended as depressing as it started.  Yuck.
Very sad story. But don't be put off I did enjoy it!
Good book but kind of sad.  My book club enjoyed it.
Very painful to read- I did not like the characters.
Great writing, good character study. Loved this bood
It's a moving book that hooks. I truly recommend it.
Not exactly an uplifting book but very well written!
good read the family was making me crazy after a bit
Suspension of disbelief never quite happened for me.
Very well written but I found it a bit depressing.
I loved this book. Definitely one of my favorites.
Excellent writing and intriguing story. Loved it!!
Great read.  Difficult to put down once you start!
Interesting but nothing new in what it had yo say.
this was a horrible book. I actually found the twist ending insulting. Was it really so dramatic in the 80s to find out that the boy you're crushing on is gay? I think that's happened to plenty of girls, ending one's life over it is not believable
Greatly written. Kept my interest the whole time.
riveting, compelling, gripping story. i loved it.
Very solid, well written and engaging first book.
Very interesting family dynamics.  Some  mystery.
Very good book- easy to read - very interesting!
An interesting book that dragged a bit at times.
Just love it. Very well written and very moving.
Loved the characters and the quality of writing
An amazing first novel. I couldn't put it down.
Very well written - great character development
What a story, excellent writing, almost poetic.
Beautifully written and character development '
I am clearly out of touch with popular culture if this was the best book of 2014. Although Ms. Ng's prose was compelling enough to keep me reading, I was thoroughly disenchanted with the characters, none of whom was three-dimensional, and all of whom were unsympathetic.<br/><br/>Actually, I have come to the conclusion that I don't like this book at all. I think it is an inevitable product of a generation that grew up with a misplaced sense of entitlement, fostered by the likes of Marlo Thomas and her "free to be you and me" mantra that caused a whole generation of children to believe that they were exceptional without ever having to prove it or work for it. The "terrible" things that happen to this privileged middle class American family are so miniscule in comparison to torture, AIDS, Ebola, war, ISIS, Iguala, Ferguson, Staten Island...I could go on and on. I simply cannot dredge up an ounce of sympathy for any of them. I have never read such a load of ridiculous angst. Bollocks. And of course, the people who judged it the best book of 2014 are from that same generation. Shame on you, Marlo Thomas. I hope you're happy.
This is a wonderful book. Highly recommend it.
Beautifully constructed and thought provoking.
simply written but beautiful book  a must read
Great character development but sad storyline!
Very poignant and sad but beautifully written.
Great story line that captivated my attention.
I loved the character development and writing!
Insightful viewpoint expressed about the pressure of high standards in the Asian culture. Competition gone haywire results  in a family crisis and suicide<br/>One can learn to appreciate life more after reading this novel.
It wasn't at all what I expected. Great read!
I didn't think this was that great of a book.
Powerful and well written.  Highly recommend.
Well written.  Easy read.  Unexpected ending.
Beautifully written, but terribly depressing.
Really compelling book - a dark page-turner.
A bit depressing, but I did enjoy the story!
Nice, complex study of cultural differences.
Great writer. Can't wait for her next novel.
I'm still reading this but so far I love it.
I did I. Did not not like it. So many things were too wrong. I don't see where a half American and half Asian have a problem fitting in even in middle America. That is just one thing of many problems with the book.
This just dragged on and on.  It was boring and going nowhere.kept hoping that each chapter would get better but no such luck
Interesting twists and turns, somewhat dark
a wonderful  story, did not want it to end.
Everything I Knew Told Your by Celeste Ng is a 2015 Penguin Books publication.<br/><br/>As I began this book,  my mind was a clean slate, with absolutely no preconceived ideas about it, so I was really surprised by it, and stunned by my emotional response to it.  Once I started it,  I literally did not move from the couch until I had turned the last page.<br/><br/>One of the main topics addressed here is the interracial marriage between a white woman, Marilyn, and an American Chinese man,  James, who marry in the late 1950's,  at a time when such an occurrence was very rare.<br/><br/>While this is  a huge theme in the story and it is referred to often,  I also picked up on the unhappiness I am sure many women like Marilyn felt in this time frame.  Marilyn was smart, very smart, and wanted to be a doctor, (not a nurse), in  a time when this too was very rare.  Determined to have her cake and eat it to, she married the man she was in love with and started a family, but her career never materialized as planned.  Marilyn eventually  accepts her dream is never going to come to fruition and so it is her oldest daughter, Lydia, who must make up for this failing.<br/><br/>So, when Lydia disappears her parents are absolutely destroyed, and long buried feelings of resentment  bubble to the surface and expose the cracks in this seemingly well adjusted and happy family.<br/><br/>It is hard to pinpoint who is the  saddest character in the story.  Lydia of course was a character that really struck a cord with me on a personal level.  I know that pressure to live up to expectations you have no way of achieving, no matter how hard you work at it.  Sometimes,  we are are not born with the talents our parents possess and when you are supposed to live out their dream, failure to measure up is simply unacceptable.<br/><br/> Nath's character is hard to relate to at times.  He's a guy, so his emotions are often masked in anger and bitterness.  He desperately wants his father to support him and show pride in his son's rather impressive achievements, an area in which James failed utterly.  Therefore, when Nath sees  himself gaining an edge on Lydia, he turns away from her in hopes of finally getting a nod of approval from his father.<br/><br/>Then there is Hannah, the youngest child, who observes the family from afar and sees things more clearly than anyone else, but is often baffled by the actions of her family members. My heart ached for this poor neglected child who settled for crumbs thrown her way, but was just flat out lost in the shuffle, and perhaps Marilyn resented Hannah too, since Hannah's entry into the world effectively killed Marilyn's last ditch effort to finish school and achieve her career goals.<br/><br/>Then there is Marilyn whose character is both over the top and sad, a woman unfulfilled, terrified of ending up like her mother, while she is trapped in the same role of  being a housewife and mom,  she becomes so obsessed in her  determination  to save Lydia from this fate, she creates a toxic family atmosphere that is unhealthy for everyone and it ultimately backfires on her  in a most awful, gut wrenching way.<br/><br/>James is just too passive.  He never stands up to Marilyn, they never talk about things, he  doesn't stand up for his children and I really couldn't understand what Marilyn saw in him.  I was not impressed with him in any way until the very end when he appears to have a life altering epiphany that saves them all from total ruin.<br/><br/>So,  the race issue is of course running in the background because it can't be ignored. The children born into an interracial marriage were thought to have special difficulty finding  where they fit in.  It was hard to make friends, to be involved in social activities and a plethora of other issues.  James was of course particularly sensitive to race issues, and Nath also took racism to heart, but it is not a topic discussed within the family and Marilyn never makes an issue of it until her daughter dies.<br/><br/> However, I am not convinced in any way that being in an interracial family was at the root of Lydia's  issues, but it was easier to place the blame on race than to take a long hard look at themselves.  Outsiders, not knowing the general make up within the family were quick to hypothesize,  but ultimately I felt it was more Marilyn's tunnel vision that led Lydia to her grave.<br/><br/>This story is sad, emotional, but utterly absorbing,  and beautifully written. My heart went out to all the characters in the book, some of whom I felt more keenly for than others, but I still wanted them to come out in tact, even if they will never be completely whole again.  The Lee's will soldier on, believing in second chances,  and learning from their past mistakes,  will do right by those still living, and in doing so,  will honor the memory of Lydia.  This is a very thought provoking and compelling read, a cautionary tale,  ending with a message of hope and the promise of better days to come.  5 stars
Read it very quickly. Beautifully written.
A wonderful, well written book. I loved it
Good for the tiger mums out there to read.
Great book. Accompanying website also good
Excellent read, although mildly disturbing
An interesting story of an unusual family.
WONDERFULLY WRITTEN .... VERY TOUCHING....
Utterly heartbreaking but so well written.
Wonderful book that I finished in one day.
This story is a contrived plot with characters both unbelievable and very unlikeable. I am sorry that I wasted my time.
It was well-written, but sketchy on plot.
Great read. And very sad, but it happens.
Every human being should read this novel.
Confusing ending...sad family dynamic ...
Great book club book. Lots to talk about.
A good story but prose rather simplistic.
Sad but wonderfully written. Page turner.
well written although distressing subject
Well-deserving of the accolades received.
So Well written!!!! Couldn't put it down.
I agree with a few of the faults that have been pointed out by others, but in the end, the book compelled me to keep reading even when I should have been doing other things - even other enjoyable things.  That, to me, warrants a solid 4 stars.<br/>The one criticism I disagree with, is the perspective of some who, living in our internet-connected, inter-racially comfortable 21st century, feel that the racial slurs and biases would not have occurred to that extreme in the 1970's.  Yes, on the one hand, in the 70's, (I was in high school/college)  we thought we were globally savvy in recognizing calamities such as Biafra, etc; but even in major East Coast cities (let alone homogenous, small town Midwest America), school children often thought nothing of making squinty eyes, talking in cartoonish "sing-song" voices, cracking "Chink" jokes, making snarky chow mein and chop-chop references - all without regard to who was present;  I shudder to think how I may have laughed and participated in what just seemed "normal, just for fun" behavior.  And...it wasn't just mean school children:  it was prevalent on television, among educated adults, and even in the lecture halls of major universities.<br/>Yes, in the 1970's mixed race  relationships between adults were blossoming rapidly, even seemingly embraced;  BUT: the offspring of those relationships had yet to be anything but an extreme rarity in the grade school classroom.<br/>Although there were a few extreme scenarios of prejudice, for the most part  I found the racial bias portrayed in the novel to be quite plausible.<br/>I look forward to more from this author.
Loved this book! Read it in one weekend.
It was amazing. I couldn't stop reading.
Depressing, complicated and interesting.
A really good read with a few surprises.
Good story, I wasn't mad on the writing.
Totally absorbing. Couldn't stop reading
Extremely depressing and didn't like it.
keeps your attention, a really good read
Fantastic book. I could not put it down.
Looking forward to Celeste Ng next book
Great story!  Well written. I loved it.
Great read about a dysfunctional family
Thoughtfully written. A wonderful read.
A gorgeous book. Lyrical and memorable.
Easy read, interesting, but really sad.
One of the best books I have ever read.
Very well written, keeps your interest.
Kept me interested until y<br/>The end
Well written. Room for lots of thought.
Interesting premise but too unbelievable in parts. She walks away without even leaving a note?? The mother seemed like too caring a person to do that, as well as ignore her other children.
Well written but very painful to read.
Too heavy and a little tough to follow
I enjoyed this very much . Sad though.
Really well written, keeps you hooked.
Beautifully written and a page turner.
Great character development, good read
Very sad story, but very well written!
Fast read with interesting characters.
It was a little too depressing for me.
Good book....did not like the parents!
A moving story of prejudice in America
Very well written & a good, fast read.
A sad story of a disfunctional family.
Lydia is a teenage girl feeling pressure from both of her parents to be what they wanted to be. Her father, Chinese American James, wants her to have lots of friends, wear pretty dresses, and wants more than anything for Lydia to fit in. Marilyn, a stay-at-home mother who was on the path to medical school when she became pregnant with Lydia's older brother Nath, wants Lydia to study hard, get good grades and have the career she always wanted as a doctor. What no one has stopped to consider is what Lydia wants, not even Lydia. All Lydia wants is to make her parents happy. She pretends to have friends, she works hard at school, but she is unable to give either of her parents what they want. Though she has an older brother and a younger sister, Lydia seems to be the only one that matters to her parents and when she dies, it throws the entire family off balance. You find out that Lydia is dead on the first page so I promise I'm not giving anything away :)<br/>Though this book isn't overly compelling or full of suspense, it was still a very good book that looks at the way parents put pressure on their children to live the lives they themselves wish they could have had and the dangers of doing so. It also shows us what it would be like to be different from everyone else at your school or in a small town, and how difficult that would be. I'm glad that the book clears up how and why Lydia died and I'm also glad that Lydia's parents eventually came around and realized that they still had 2 living children that needed them.
Good reading although a disaponting a
Very well written and very different.
It was a decent book. Not a favorite!
Found this book to be very depressing
Can't stop thinking about this story.
Very well-written, touching, but sad.
Well written, intriguing page turner.
Well written story close to my heart.
This book was incredible. I loved it!
Great book! But went back to the past a little to much, and seemed to hold on to a situation longer then they should have. But I would suggest this book!  Written really well!
Really enjoyed and have recommended.
cannot be highly recommended enough!
a touching story but a bit of cliche
Well developed story and characters.
Got confusing switching characters.
A book  you won't want to put down.
Best book I have read in a while ..
this was a quick read and ok story.
Very interesting and absorbing book
Excellent.  Lynne from Sellersville
Great tragedy of non-communication.
A recommended book and a good read.
Good read, was a little depressing.
One of best books of 2014. Clearly.
Wonderful read, highly recommended.
A gripping study of family dynamics
Great book.  One I'll read again...
Really wonderful and well written.
Thought it would be a better read.
Too many stories within one book .
Fabulous writing. Sad, but lovely.
Gripping family drama. Strange to see Asians struggle in the Midwest-you don't often think of their plight to fit in. Or rather how they felt like they stood out.
Easy read, ok writing. Storyline is intriguing at times. Characters are semi interesting. Recommended read for anyone looking to kill some time and not be bored.
Great book.....loved the writing!
Loved this book,can recommend it.
I couldnt put this down,so goods.
Excellent book....so well written
Wonderful book. Great characters.
Quick read and interesting story.
Very good book, interesting read.
I read this book because I am an asian and I spent my childhood in USA. Sure, there were parts that I agreed: people staring, talking slowly to you as if they assume you wouldn't understand. However as I read it I couldn't keep off my mind that this book has SUCH stereotypes and cliches all over the place. ※spoiler alert!!!!※ I mean, seriously why does the father always have to have an affair when men are depressed? Really? Do men have to have sex in order to get over grief? And the mother. Obsessed with her daughters education because she wants her to fullfill her mother's dreams. Wow never heard of that before. And only kid who becomes friends with the lonely asian girl is  gay. Nothing against homosexuals. Just saying that "there's this nice guy who is kind to a loner, oh! That's because he is an outsider too! He is gay!" is such a common and boring plot line.<br/>Also I know what the writer wants to say in the book but seriously it gets extremely repetitive! Saying same thing over and over again. I am sure that if we cut down the half of things that are said about hundred times, this book could be 2/3 size of what it is now.<br/>I know writers put in great amount of time in writing these books but hope perhaps next time the writer would improve on the plot and characters so they are a bit more unique and original.
I enjoyed the book and found it to be a quick read.  My primary critique of the book is that I don't feel like any of the characters were all that likeable.
Easy, fast read. Fantastic book!
Very thought provoking, very sad
Great couldn't put it down book!
Best book I've read this summer.
Arrived on time and as expected.
great read... unfortunate ending
Four star magazine fiction. Because so many of the sentiments are unlikely, in degree, if not in kind, I could not identify with any of the characters.
Personally had a hard,time getting into the story. For me,  the book was not interesting. Did  finis it but wil not look for this author in the future.
This story moves along and the characters are interesting.  It filled some empty hours for me but it isn't something I would ever go looking for again.
This was hard to get into (for me) and I didn't like any of the characters especially, but the story grew on me and I liked it very much at the end.
Intense and a pretty good read!
Fascinating story.  Well writen
Different and very well written
Interesting story , nice pace .
Tough read, but very well done.
Very well written and touching.
I did not enjoy reading this book. Confusing back and forth.  Why would someone want to read about a such a dysfunctional family?  Hated the story
Haven't we seen all this before? Unfortunately, dead teens and dysfunctional families seem to be in vogue these days in books, movies, and TV shows. This is not to make light of an unspeakable tragedy, but Ms. Ng seems to be hopping onto the bandwagon. The parents, especially James, are despicable, and the clichés pile atop one another like a 10-car wreck. Yes, one of the characters is "redeemed" by almost drowning - classic cliché, and so many more. So, why three stars? I did want to know how everything turns out, and there are some decent turns of phrase. I think Ms. Ng is a writer to watch, but let's hope she aims for something a little different, a lot more original, next time.
This was a fast read and moderately interesting, but the characters not nuanced enough and the plot too predictable to really keep my attention
Book arrived in new condition.
Very good story, sad but good.
Engaging and a very good read.
Okay story, disappointing end.
well written, and interesting.
Don't waste your time on this. Book is depressing and not well written. First time I didn't finish a book. What a waste of my time and money!
Good book... Very sad though.
Good plot, but somewhat slow.
Like other reviewers, I fail to understand the buzz around this book.  It feels like an amateurish effort that never engages the reader.
The story was predicable.  It was a fast read, and could have used another chapter to let the reader know more about the youngest child.
Well written. Worth the read
I like her writing. 5 stars.
very sad story/ well written
Excellent on so many levels.
A truly engaging picture of a normal family dealing with horrific tragedy, searching for answers within each other and themselves.
kept my interest throughout
This book held my interest.
Page turner loved this book
It was a little slow for me
Depressing and unsatisfying
Good but a bit of a downer.
Very well written first novel. The direction of the story was superb and led beautifully into what the book was meant answer.
Good bookgroup discussion.
Gripping, well told story.
Did not like ending!!!!!!!
This was a very easy read.
An excellent if sad story.
Expected it to be better..
A good read - sad story :(
Fast read,enjoyed the book
Compelling and provocative
Heartbreaking but wondeful
Depressing but a good read
Excellent, but depressing.
A super, well written book
Heartbreaking & realistic.
A bit disappointed. This book was just okay; seemed forced at times and often treacly.  Ending was not very satisfying.
Well written, compelling. Ng is a great story weaver who's descriptive writing really made you see and feel the story
Great story; well written
Well written and engaging
Well written. Pretty dark
Boring, not worth reading
Good story<br/>Nice flow
Really enjoyed this book!
Wonderful book! Loved it.
Hard to put this one down
Captivating.well written.
Different--but very good.
Moving well written story
couldn't put it down.....
Very enjoyable easy read. This books is a sensitive family portrait. Exploring cultures and arguments within a family.
Great well written read.
I couldn't put it down!
I couldn't put it down!
I loved it. Great book.
Did not like the ending
Captivating, excellent.
Wow! Just finished reading this book and was bowled over by how good it was. It grabbed my attention with its blunt opening lines, starting with "Lydia is dead." and just kept getting better as the layers of the mystery peeled away. It evoked memories of "The Ice Storm" and "Gone Girl" but I enjoyed it more than either of those. It's equal parts mystery, family drama, coming of age story, and study of race issues. It also beautifully describes the ways in which people interpret everything through the lens of their own pain, and at such cross-purposes, especially people who are closest to each other. Ng's writing style is simple and spare yet packs in so much. I cannot recommend this book highly enough - I enjoyed it more than any other I've read recently, including great books that got a lot more attention like "The Goldfinch" and "The Signature of All Things".
swaar emosionele boek.
recommended by friends
Very interesting book!
Different. I liked it.
I just started reading this book in hopes of using it for a book club.<br/>Can't wait to finish it.
Couldn't put it down.
Not my favorite book.
Good short easy read!
terrific book, enjoy!
Hauntingly beautiful.
Couldn't put it down!
Great book, loved it.
I couldn't put this book down simply because I kept hopping some awesome story would emerge. That did NOT happen. This book did not make me smile or happy at any moment, it is full of sadness and disappointment, I kept expecting at least a moment of happiness or love,but I couldn't wait to finish this book to give it this review. Worst 10 dollars I have ever spent.
I feel baldy but after my 100 page rule I couldn't make myself continue.  The writing is fine but the story kept falling flat for me.  I know how hard an author works so I am sorry this just wasn't for me.  I had to come up with the 100 page rule as I own hundreds of books and cannot waste a moment on a book that isn't drawing me in.<br/><br/>Again, sorry to the author.....I wish you good sales and hope I might enjoy another by you.
Mediocre story and tedious writing. The Lee family is infuriatingly apologetic and obsequious.
I found this novel to be reasonably well written but I just did not find the characters or the situation believable.  The mother was extremely self-centered and couldn't seem to find a way to realize her ambitions without abandoning her family.  The father was ridiculously emotionally immature and incapable of understanding his wife and children.  I also just don't buy into the idea that being the only ethnic Chinese family in a small college town would be such a huge challenge.  This was set in the 1970's, after all, not the 1870's.  The depiction of over-compensating parents was very heavy handed, the characters in the book were shallowly drawn.  Of course there are many dysfunctional families who make themselves miserable but this portrayal was much too obvious.  Overall, not a satisfying read.
A really good story!
gave the reader a lot to think about in our own world
Sad, but compelling.
It dragged a little.
Thought provoking...
Enjoyed tremendously
Painfully beautiful.
Felt the story went flat about hallway thru with the character developed and no conclusion.
Depressing but good
Sad and believable.
Beautifully written
Throughly enjoyable
Great storytelling.
Really awesome read
Very enjoyable book
A very good read!!!
Parents take note!!
Such lonely people!
It was OK,good writing,but not very good story.I would not recomend it-too depressive.
I rarely finish a book that I like as little as this one.<br/><br/>This is a sad and depressing book, with parents who are beyond redemption. The father's affair seems forced. The mother too dense and self-centered to be believable. Lydia's thoughts prior to her death seemed out of character. And was this a reenactment of the episode with her brother when they were kids, that she would make come out differently and therefore change her life? Or was it a suicide?<br/><br/>I was happy that this book came from the library.
This book was well written and evoked striong emotions, but I found it depressing.
Great page turner.
I loved this book.
Awesome easy read!
Keeps you guessing
Didn't like it....
Great page turner!
Not my cup of tea.
Very well written!
Loved this book...
good exciting read
just ok.  Too slow
Thoroughly enjoyed
The premise was engaging. The writing became tedious as the story progressed.
Well paced story.
A wonderful book.
such a great book
Such a good book!
Kind of boring
Excellent book
Brilliant read
Good Reading..
Good not great
liked it a lot
Wonderful book
Blah. Boring.
Great insight
Well written.
Slow moving.
Worth  it!!!
Good reading
Very deep...
Depressing!!
Very engaging.  I had never read this author prior.
A great story may have sadness but there is literally nothing uplifting in this story.  The reader keeps waiting.  The adult characters are all deplorable - obviously mentally unglued and, consequently, emotionally abusive and neglectful to their children.  You feel for those kids but never get close enough to them to truly get drawn in.  The racism is heavy-handed as well.  Not everyone in the 1970s was so ignorant.<br/>I don't recommend this book.
Great read!
Great book!
Great book!
Great read.
Great read!
A good read
A good plot
Engrossing!
Great book!
Great book.
Interesting
Enjoyed it.
Great book.
Great read!
Great read!
Great book!
Great book,
Great book!
Too sad.  It was unremittingly depressing.  If it was trying to make the point that what parents do affects their children and that husbands and wives need to talk to each other about their fears and wishes, it could have done that after fewer tradgedies and it wAS WEAK HOW AT THE END, THE AUTHOR TRIED TO WRAP IT ALL UP IN A PRETTY RIBBON AND TRIED TO GIVE THE READER HOPE.  iT WAS TOO LATE AND TOO OBVIOUSLY FAKE.
Perhaps if you have no higher education and your reading tastes run along the lines of John Grisham or Danielle Steele, then you would find this book engaging, otherwise, leave it be. Dull, one dimensional characters who all share the characteristic of not wanting to talk about things. But do they have complex and interesting interior lives? Uh, sadly, no. Reads like the writing of a high school student.
I did not like this book although I read it to the end.  I liked the son and the father, but I didn't feel as though I ever knew the daughter.  I thoroughly disliked the mother.  SPOILER ALERT!  How could any mother just leave her children without at least making some kind of arrangements for their care.  I was so upset at that part of the book that I just had to put it down and walk away for awhile.
What an incredible book. I read it in ONE DAY. Very rare for me to connect with the story enough where I just have to continue reading it. Her writing just flows fluidly and descriptively enough to make you feel a part of this family. Some books leave me scratching my head as to what the heck is going on? Not this one. It kept me riveted to the story to the very last page. Highly recommend.
Excellent!
Good read.
Great book
Excellent!
Fantastic!
Great read
Great read
Good read!
Good book.
Fantastic!
Great read
Great book
I wasn't sure if I'd like this book at first, but once I got going even though I knew Lydia was dead I wanted to know why, what happened, and was drawn into the lives of these fully developed characters.  I could feel the pain of those who are pushed aside in society for being different, and Marilyn's pain of not fulfilling her career dreams rang so true for that generation of women.
A very well written story of tragedy and renewal. A sudden loss puts a middle-American family into a tailspin. The author explores the story from five different perspectives and eventually reveals what exactly did happen. I found that this story had a lot of resonance. All the characters were well developed, giving additional depth to the story. An interesting and worthwhile read.
this shouldn't be billed as a mystery. it is obvious what happened and is basically stated as such in the book, so it's more of a time jumping family drama. so if you like mysteries and come up with all kinds of creative ways she could have been killed you'll be all dissapointed that it's not really a mystery. other than that i guess it's kind of interesting but not really.
The book was ok but I didn't think it lived up to my expectations.  It's not a 'deep' book and the themes explored are not complex enough to warrant some of the positive reviews here.  The book also had 3 endings, which I thought was a major weakness.  As an author, you need to pick an ending and stick with it.  Lower your expectations and you won't be disappointed.
Another novel of teenage suicide.  The characters were rather flat and predictable.  The issues of biracial marriage, marital infidelity, parental expectations for their children, and the claustrophobic character of a small town could all have been novels in their own right.  In this short novel, none were developed sufficiently to engage and maintain interest.
Far and away the WORST book of this year and i suspect many a year .2013 gave us "Schroder" and "The silent wife".This book is  in  that august company.Amateurishly written ,fully agree with one reviewer who called this book essentially a melodramatic YA book.MFA's take a bow<br/>To make it a little different the characters do absurd things like the father having sex with his colleague on the day of his daughters funeral -really! wow !-thats deep -didn't see that coming .<br/>Do i qualify writing this review -i abandoned the book at page 100.<br/>Amazons best book of the year!!! The year that gave us "Let me be Frank with you"By Richard Ford
This is a family saga in which no one grows. A young woman gives up her dream to be a doctor when she suddenly and mysteriously falls in love with her Asian/American professor who teaches a course in American Cowboys. Her disappointing life fulfillment casts a long dark shadow over her family leaving no one fulfilled. A very disappointing read.
Fast read
Excellent
Good book
Wonderful
Good read
Good rfad
Loved it.
Good book
Loved it.
Loved it.
easy read
Wonderful
Great!
Thanks
boring
Great!
This novel held my interest, but was quite depressing. I know it's possible for a family to be overly dysfunctional, but this family was beyond dysfunctional. And for several generations, also. It made me quite sad.
Boring.  Waste of time.
I like it but not the greatest writing in the world, but I am biased because my favorite author's are Tolstoy, Dostoyevsky, Austen and Lamb.  But this is an interesting story for modern literature.
A girl named Lydia commits suicide in the nearby lake. She ha been the favorite child of her parents combining both mom's Caucasian features and dad's Chinese features, blue eyes and black hair. Mom dreamed of being a doctor and presses for that as Lydia's career choice. Dad was unpopular and an odd mpboy at school, he dreams of a popular daughter. Lydia has other interests but Harvard seems to be the only college acceptable to them and she feels more pressure than the other siblings. When her death is discovered, all family members lash out in different ways but the youngest child, a daughter is more aware the others as to the cause of death. What a great story and offsets books such as the tiger mom where the mother is proud of her pressure on her daughter.
Unusual, but interesting. Maybe not the best book of 2014 which I thought it had been rated.  I would recommend reading to gain more insight into real life situations among minority families.
Do not know what the hype was about. Last read with no real new ground covered. In the end the characters were well developed but like a rope with frayed ends not strong enough to rely on.
Didn't care for it, thought the entire premise a little weak. Being 'different' wasn't enough to carry me all the way through the end. Writing wasn't terrific either. No comparison to something like 'Snow Falling on Cedars', for example. All in all, I was disappointed that Amazon picked it as a top read of the year.
So so
Nancy
Great
TOO depressing. But, if thats your thing, great character development, wonderful sad heart-wrenching story about a half-asian  family growing up in a small town when tragedy hits.
Loved this book until the end . . . Felt like the author ran out of gas, had her story to tell but didn't know how to end it.
As parents we do not always realize what our actions are doing to our children. This book is a lovely thought provoking look into a family and society with strange expectations!
Great book, familiy members keep secrets and pay the consequences of not talking to each other about concerns, flaws, hopes and fears.  I thought this was a great read.
Not my favorite book ever but certainty a compelling read. The characters of the parents... I just want to shake them out of their incredible self centeredness.
This is too good. I kept wondering what happened to Lydia! The way how Celeste pictures The Lees is so realistic, very typical to any oriental family out there.
I'm a tough grader so don't let the "3" stars distract you. It was a good book. Not one that I couldn't put down, but solidly a "3" in my mind.
Extremely well done.  Invokes such empathy for this twisted,struggling family.  But. So dark, depressing.  Think I'll read a Carl Hiassen next_I need a laugh!
I couldn't put the book down, but it was so depressing I wish I could.  I have to say it was well written, but the story at Christmas time made me so sad.
Deep, moving story about the complexities of family relationships and children coming into their own.  Very well-written characters, highly recommend.
Could a family really be this dysfunctional?  I had a hard time believing each of the characters could continue to deceive themselves so drastically.
Ridiculous characters, ridiculous lives.  Total waste of time.<br/>so many other books to read with excellent character development.  Don't bother.
good
Good
fine
Wow.
This book was good in the sense that I wanted to read more but it left me numb at the end.
This was a good predictable story.  Nothing great just a dysfunctional family grieving.
Written well but unsympathetic characters that you end upon not really caring about.
Great story but terrible ending. It was as if the author just needed to wrap it up.
Sample intrigued me but I quickly became bored with the self absorbed parents and struggled to finish the book because I was so disgusted with their behavior. The title is very deceiving. There are no juicy secrets or big mystery. Be prepared to be let down and feel sad and empty when you put it down..
Writing about a family that never talks to each other about anything.  Depressing
The book was an easy read but was surprised at how dysfunctional the family was.
Too heavy handed on the disfunctional family.  I felt beat up by the end of it.
An interesting study of  a family and their struggles to "fit in."
:)
Extremely dark. I was depressed the whole time I read this book.
Thought it would be better from the reviews I read.
Beyond my expectations...passed it on to friends.
Well written and very engaging-even enthralling.
depressing read..i lost interest in how and why
Character development lacking. I liked the cultural differences and the revealing cruelties of young adults toward unlike peers. The rest of the book was flat .
Works as advertised but pretty easy to break.
Predictable, not very interesting or exciting
Delicate, tough, haunting and unforgettable.
great light read.  Several twists and turns
Mundane, boring and a waste of time!
Good book but a little depressing!
Phenomenal. Touching. A must read.
Good book.<br/>Surprising plot.
Read this book. You will love it
Very intelligent and well-paced.
Good story. Easy to relate to.
Would not recommend this one.
I thought it was a sad story.
This was interesting but sad.
Can't wait for her next book.
okay,but would not recommend
This was a pretty good book.
Good portrait of outsiders
Interesting and fast read.
Did not like the way ended
I didn't like this book. I found it to be very depressing with no redeeming value.
Such a great page turner
Excellent but sad story.
Loved it, but it's sad.
No Comments Good Or Bad
I found it depressing.
very interesting novel
Not special: The story, the telling of it, the quality of the writing.
Already reviewed this
Somewhat interesting.
Good book. Nice read!
Good book but sad....
Good holiday reading.
Really great book!
I like this style.
A good beach read
I loved the book!
It's a good read.
Really good read!
Good! But not WOW
Very boring!!!!!
Not worth the read....it's like the author had a word quota so she just goes on and on...you skip for the plot, but it is unimaginative and disappointing.
Incredible book
Excellent read.
Thanks so much.
I read this book based on reviews in EW. It was just "OK". Not a page turner, didn't have me on the edge of my seat. No real surprises.
Wonderful read
Fabulous book.
Disappointing!
Fast reading but VERY depressing.  Not worth the time it takes to read it.  Ending is not uplifting enough to save the book.
Disappointing
Well written.
I did not enjoy this book. I chose it because it was number 1 on Amazon's best books of 2014 list. I finished reading it because I kept thinking that eventually the book would have a turn in which I would understand why it was the best of 2014.. it never did. It was an awful book, Very depressing. There was no happiness in the book at all, everything about it was negative and I do not enjoy negativity or misery.
Great read.
Interesting
interesting
Remarkable.
Great book!
Great book!
Great read
Great book
There's no doubt Celeste Ng is a good writer and I read this novel from cover to cover.  I prefer more humor in my novels and found it a bit depressing in parts.  That's just a matter of taste though. I only gave it 3 stars as I prefer something more upbeat. I like to be carried away to a happier place when I read.
It was a good book but I wanted to know even more about the characters. It is well written but I did get bored about half way through but decided to finish it because sometimes books get better but this really didn't. Like I said a good read bit in retrospect I would not have paid for this.
Good book
Wonderful
Enjoyable
Well done
Easy read
SATISFIED
The writing is quite good for a first book by Ms. NG. However the constant theme of not belonging in society bacuse of being  Oriental' was not believable. I went to college in the Midwest and never observed this racial divide against Asians. The dysfunctional family was tiresome, the details of their dreary lives repeated throughout the book was just simply boring. How many ways can one say these people are crazy? The one interesting person, Jack, was treated as a mere sideline. And Jack was essential to the story. Come to think of it, I didn't connect with any of these characters. And poor Hannah, the forgotten child, remains invisible until the last part of the book. One is left wondering how any member of this family survives with any kind of functional life. This is a much overrated book.
Great!!!
Enjoyed!
I've not finished the book, but I am bothered by the use of "Oriental" when referring to people. Oriental is a description of non living objects. People are Asian. it may be a sign of the times but I find it distracting and disrespectful.
A very depressing book  I kept thinking there would be a glimmer of hope but I was wrong. No hope story kept getting more dark. Death,betrayal,unrealized ambitions,homophobia and racial bias too much for one tale
Ugh!  I'm only half way through this book, I hope there are sunnier days ahead for this family, it is horribly depressing to read!
Hard to finish.
When I read the description for this book I thought it would be much more interesting than it actually was. The characters were one-dimensional, lacking depth.
Rather a naive , predictable script with unrealistic caracters. I would not lend this book to any of my friends , as I think it not a worhwhile read.
This book was not one you could not put down. Therefore , I am putting it down. Clumsy references to late sixties for those of us who remember well.
amazing book I loved it ,a wonderful insight into a problem of racial attitudes and how each member of the family dealt with it well done Celeste
A poignant story of isolation, race, gender and expectation.  The characters are rich and well developed. A beautiful and sad, sad story.
I was expecting much more from this book. The ending was a let down and I felt I was left asking myself what the purpose of the story was.
Good
This book suffered from bad editing.  It was also contrived and read like an MFA project not worthy of the great reviews.
This book is well written but very sad, hopeless, depressing and thus, for me, not enjoyable. It starts off with announcing the death of the daughter, one of the main characters and then goes backward telling the story of a mixed race, Chinese, Caucasian family. One has to opportunity to see the unfolding of the story and pattern and how it all came to such an awful end. The mother in the story comes off as selfish, self centered and behaves as though having children and a family ruined her life and potential to be happy pursuing a career as a doctor. She belittled her mother who found value in being a good wife, cooking for the ones you love and focusing on family. I was depressed during the entire time I read it and hope to find my next book somewhat uplifting or exciting or interesting...
I was disappointed in the quality of the book, flimsy for a paperback.  Sorry but I returned it.
Sad
Works as described. Need to gave a smooth surface for the silicone to grab and hold
Okay...lack of communication in family.  Typical of dysfunctional families.
This was such a sad book.  I got through it but was happy when it was over!
😏
I'm still reading this book.  It is, however, good so far.
Difficult to read due to the sadness of the subjects.
slow start, but good and entertaining....good read
most depressing story I have everead. terrible.
An entretaining novel, but with nothing amazing
not reccoend this book for minorities.
Good book. It kept me interested.
Twisting and turning, great read
Not even 1 stAr for this one!!!
Big disappointment! How could you seriously select this as book of the year?  Nothing new or credible in the storyline. Flat characters. Waste of precious reading time!
unknown  gave it as a gift.
My wife enjoyed this book.
This book was depressing.
Not bad for a first novel
This book seems to be written for adolescents.  A waste of time.
Lydia Lee, the middle daughter, disappears. Was she kidnapped, murdered; did she run away; did she commit suicide? The family has no answers when they wake up and find Lydia missing. She was the perfect daughter trying to realize her parents dreams. Her mother wanted her to become a doctor, a wish her mother was unable to fulfill. Her father wanted her to be popular because he felt like an outcast. But Lydia can't realize her parents dreams. She's a different person.<br/><br/>On the positive side, the author understands the stresses of mixed race families, in this case Asian and American. I found her psychological insights perceptive. On the negative side, her understanding of story structure is poor. In the opening of the novel, Lydia has disappeared. No one knows why. The assumption is that she has been murdered. Nathan, her older brother, suspects Jack, the neighborhood bad boy, but no one can prove it, and Jack says he knows nothing.<br/><br/>After setting up the story as a murder mystery, the author takes a several page digression into the history of Lydia's parents' lives. It stops the story dead. If you're fascinated by the dynamics of a mixed race household, it's perfectly in keeping with the theme, but if you're expecting a murder mystery, it doesn't produce the expected attempt by the family and police to solve the mystery.<br/><br/>I thought the author did an excellent job with the psychological aspects of the novel, but if you're looking for a mystery, give this a miss.<br/><br/>I reviewed this book for Net Galley.
So - I don't get it.  I bought it as it was on an Amazon recommended list as this was a new author and everyone was writing these reviews that you would have thought this was the best new work of the century.  This is a sad tale about very sad people.  Not one character has any redemptive value.  This is really a horrid piece of writing.  So I don't even know why I bothered to give it two stars other than I read it.  Yikes - will someone tell me why they gave it positive reviews?
It was very good.
it was just okay
This is a never ending story about some of the most unlikable, needy, and uninteresting characters I  have ever read!  I will tip my hat to the author in that I did read it to the end...but just barely.  Do not waste your money...this is sure to be a $1.99 special very quickly.
Well done
Everything I Never Told You is  relentlessly depressing.  It is a good examination of a very disfunctional and sad family. It's well written downer.  Starts out shockingly sad and stays in that groove.
downer
Great
i didnt even read it after reading the first few pages. yuck. my mom read it but she didnt like it either
A bad Lifetime Movie Network Story
Repetitive and heavy. Not much to like about this book!! It was a waste of time and money. Don't waste your or money...trust me on this.
poor rating because it is too sad a story----------very depressing
Good story, but frustrating gaps in family. Very sad teen suicide
:)
boring
Rather depressing, but we'll written
Too depressing.
It was ok
A beautiful but so very sad story of suicide, from both the girl's point of view & then the way the family reflected on their lives & what may have prompted this event.  Very well done!!
This book was a pretty big disappointment to me and I stopped reading it not far in, my apologies I usually try hard to complete but this was just not my cup of tea.
Did not enjoy
Sorry, the write. Word was good, but the depth of characters and subject matter was ordinary. Recommend to the author to keep writing, but reach for something that is new.
Not one of my favorites.
Excellent !!!
Rubbish ...
depressing
So depressing
Book was a downer. All the characters were unhappy. Nothing to be gained by reading this book. I wish the author hadn't told us.
ick
This was a depressing novel about dysfunctional parents rearing three children in a gloomy home.  Tragic and frustrating to read.  Sorry I picked it up.
What book did these other people read?  Stupid, sappy and predictable. "Lyrical"?  Here's a quote:  "lines like sandstone striata on her hand". Yuck.
Hysterical--will see the movie next.
I loved the book but it reached a nerve about my life and my granddaughters life.
An unenlightened, dysfunctional family who lives (or doesn't live) through prejudice and isolation.  It only reminded me that I'm glad society and thinking has progressed.  Too sad, too many characters with narrow views, and too many endless words into misery.<br/><br/>I wish I'd skipped it.
Just didn't go anywhere,  Really, a bore, but I finished it.
I did not like it.
The basic premise is false. Knowing what he did, James should have raised his family in an urban environment.
y, even seemingly embraced;  BUT: the offspring of those relationships had yet to be anything but an extreme rarity in the grade school classroom.<br/>Although there were a few extreme scenarios of prejudice, for the most part  I found the racial bias portrayed in the novel to be quite plausible.<br/>I look forward to more from this author.
Loved this book! Read it in one weekend.
It was amazing. I couldn't stop reading.
Depressing, complicated and interesting.
A really good read with a few surprises.
Good story, I wasn't mad on the writing.
Totally absorbing. Couldn't stop reading
Extremely depressing and didn't like it.
keeps your attention, a really good read
Fantastic book. I could not put it down.
Looking forward to Celeste Ng next book
Great story!  Well written. I loved it.
Great read about a dysfunctional family
Thoughtfully written. A wonderful read.
A gorgeous book. Lyrical and memorable.
Easy read, interesting, but really sad.
One of the best books I have ever read.
Very well written, keeps your interest.
Kept me interested until y<br/>The end
Well written. Room for lots of thought.
Interesting premise but too unbelievable in parts. She walks away without even leaving a note?? The mother seemed like too caring a person to do that, as well as ignore her other children.
Well written but very painful to read.
Too heavy and a little tough to follow
I enjoyed this very much . Sad though.
Really well written, keeps you hooked.
Beautifully written and a page turner.
Great character development, good read
Very sad story, but very well written!
Fast read with interesting characters.
It was a little too depressing for me.
Good book....did not like the parents!
A moving story of prejudice in America
Very well written & a good, fast read.
A sad story of a disfunctional family.
Lydia is a teenage girl feeling pressure from both of her parents to be what they wanted to be. Her father, Chinese American James, wants her to have lots of friends, wear pretty dresses, and wants more than anything for Lydia to fit in. Marilyn, a stay-at-home mother who was on the path to medical school when she became pregnant with Lydia's older brother Nath, wants Lydia to study hard, get good grades and have the career she always wanted as a doctor. What no one has stopped to consider is what Lydia wants, not even Lydia. All Lydia wants is to make her parents happy. She pretends to have friends, she works hard at school, but she is unable to give either of her parents what they want. Though she has an older brother and a younger sister, Lydia seems to be the only one that matters to her parents and when she dies, it throws the entire family off balance. You find out that Lydia is dead on the first page so I promise I'm not giving anything away :)<br/>Though this book isn't overly compelling or full of suspense, it was still a very good book that looks at the way parents put pressure on their children to live the lives they themselves wish they could have had and the dangers of doing so. It also shows us what it would be like to be different from everyone else at your school or in a small town, and how difficult that would be. I'm glad that the book clears up how and why Lydia died and I'm also glad that Lydia's parents eventually came around and realized that they still had 2 living children that needed them.
Good reading although a disaponting a
Very well written and very different.
It was a decent book. Not a favorite!
Found this book to be very depressing
Can't stop thinking about this story.
Very well-written, touching, but sad.
Well written, intriguing page turner.
Well written story close to my heart.
This book was incredible. I loved it!
Great book! But went back to the past a little to much, and seemed to hold on to a situation longer then they should have. But I would suggest this book!  Written really well!
Really enjoyed and have recommended.
cannot be highly recommended enough!
a touching story but a bit of cliche
Well developed story and characters.
Got confusing switching characters.
A book  you won't want to put down.
Best book I have read in a while ..
this was a quick read and ok story.
Very interesting and absorbing book
Excellent.  Lynne from Sellersville
Great tragedy of non-communication.
A recommended book and a good read.
Good read, was a little depressing.
One of best books of 2014. Clearly.
Wonderful read, highly recommended.
A gripping study of family dynamics
Great book.  One I'll read again...
Really wonderful and well written.
Thought it would be a better read.
Too many stories within one book .
Fabulous writing. Sad, but lovely.
Gripping family drama. Strange to see Asians struggle in the Midwest-you don't often think of their plight to fit in. Or rather how they felt like they stood out.
Easy read, ok writing. Storyline is intriguing at times. Characters are semi interesting. Recommended read for anyone looking to kill some time and not be bored.
Great book.....loved the writing!
Loved this book,can recommend it.
I couldnt put this down,so goods.
Excellent book....so well written
Wonderful book. Great characters.
Quick read and interesting story.
Very good book, interesting read.
I read this book because I am an asian and I spent my childhood in USA. Sure, there were parts that I agreed: people staring, talking slowly to you as if they assume you wouldn't understand. However as I read it I couldn't keep off my mind that this book has SUCH stereotypes and cliches all over the place. ※spoiler alert!!!!※ I mean, seriously why does the father always have to have an affair when men are depressed? Really? Do men have to have sex in order to get over grief? And the mother. Obsessed with her daughters education because she wants her to fullfill her mother's dreams. Wow never heard of that before. And only kid who becomes friends with the lonely asian girl is  gay. Nothing against homosexuals. Just saying that "there's this nice guy who is kind to a loner, oh! That's because he is an outsider too! He is gay!" is such a common and boring plot line.<br/>Also I know what the writer wants to say in the book but seriously it gets extremely repetitive! Saying same thing over and over again. I am sure that if we cut down the half of things that are said about hundred times, this book could be 2/3 size of what it is now.<br/>I know writers put in great amount of time in writing these books but hope perhaps next time the writer would improve on the plot and characters so they are a bit more unique and original.
I enjoyed the book and found it to be a quick read.  My primary critique of the book is that I don't feel like any of the characters were all that likeable.
Easy, fast read. Fantastic book!
Very thought provoking, very sad
Great couldn't put it down book!
Best book I've read this summer.
Arrived on time and as expected.
great read... unfortunate ending
Four star magazine fiction. Because so many of the sentiments are unlikely, in degree, if not in kind, I could not identify with any of the characters.
Personally had a hard,time getting into the story. For me,  the book was not interesting. Did  finis it but wil not look for this author in the future.
This story moves along and the characters are interesting.  It filled some empty hours for me but it isn't something I would ever go looking for again.
This was hard to get into (for me) and I didn't like any of the characters especially, but the story grew on me and I liked it very much at the end.
Intense and a pretty good read!
Fascinating story.  Well writen
Different and very well written
Interesting story , nice pace .
Tough read, but very well done.
Very well written and touching.
I did not enjoy reading this book. Confusing back and forth.  Why would someone want to read about a such a dysfunctional family?  Hated the story
Haven't we seen all this before? Unfortunately, dead teens and dysfunctional families seem to be in vogue these days in books, movies, and TV shows. This is not to make light of an unspeakable tragedy, but Ms. Ng seems to be hopping onto the bandwagon. The parents, especially James, are despicable, and the clichés pile atop one another like a 10-car wreck. Yes, one of the characters is "redeemed" by almost drowning - classic cliché, and so many more. So, why three stars? I did want to know how everything turns out, and there are some decent turns of phrase. I think Ms. Ng is a writer to watch, but let's hope she aims for something a little different, a lot more original, next time.
This was a fast read and moderately interesting, but the characters not nuanced enough and the plot too predictable to really keep my attention
Book arrived in new condition.
Very good story, sad but good.
Engaging and a very good read.
Okay story, disappointing end.
well written, and interesting.
Don't waste your time on this. Book is depressing and not well written. First time I didn't finish a book. What a waste of my time and money!
Good book... Very sad though.
Good plot, but somewhat slow.
Like other reviewers, I fail to understand the buzz around this book.  It feels like an amateurish effort that never engages the reader.
The story was predicable.  It was a fast read, and could have used another chapter to let the reader know more about the youngest child.
Well written. Worth the read
I like her writing. 5 stars.
very sad story/ well written
Excellent on so many levels.
A truly engaging picture of a normal family dealing with horrific tragedy, searching for answers within each other and themselves.
kept my interest throughout
This book held my interest.
Page turner loved this book
It was a little slow for me
Depressing and unsatisfying
Good but a bit of a downer.
Very well written first novel. The direction of the story was superb and led beautifully into what the book was meant answer.
Good bookgroup discussion.
Gripping, well told story.
Did not like ending!!!!!!!
This was a very easy read.
An excellent if sad story.
Expected it to be better..
A good read - sad story :(
Fast read,enjoyed the book
Compelling and provocative
Heartbreaking but wondeful
Depressing but a good read
Excellent, but depressing.
A super, well written book
Heartbreaking & realistic.
A bit disappointed. This book was just okay; seemed forced at times and often treacly.  Ending was not very satisfying.
Well written, compelling. Ng is a great story weaver who's descriptive writing really made you see and feel the story
Great story; well written
Well written and engaging
Well written. Pretty dark
Boring, not worth reading
Good story<br/>Nice flow
Really enjoyed this book!
Wonderful book! Loved it.
Hard to put this one down
Captivating.well written.
Different--but very good.
Moving well written story
couldn't put it down.....
Very enjoyable easy read. This books is a sensitive family portrait. Exploring cultures and arguments within a family.
Great well written read.
See under McCann's book.
A really wonderful read.
An enjoyable quick read.
I really like this book.
Good story about family.
I thought that it was OK
stunning beautiful novel
Interesting idea, but the family gets plausible over time and the "message" more and more heavy handed.
Great book, quick read.
Very depressing read...
I couldn't put it down!
I couldn't put it down!
I loved it. Great book.
Did not like the ending
Captivating, excellent.
Wow! Just finished reading this book and was bowled over by how good it was. It grabbed my attention with its blunt opening lines, starting with "Lydia is dead." and just kept getting better as the layers of the mystery peeled away. It evoked memories of "The Ice Storm" and "Gone Girl" but I enjoyed it more than either of those. It's equal parts mystery, family drama, coming of age story, and study of race issues. It also beautifully describes the ways in which people interpret everything through the lens of their own pain, and at such cross-purposes, especially people who are closest to each other. Ng's writing style is simple and spare yet packs in so much. I cannot recommend this book highly enough - I enjoyed it more than any other I've read recently, including great books that got a lot more attention like "The Goldfinch" and "The Signature of All Things".
swaar emosionele boek.
recommended by friends
Very interesting book!
Different. I liked it.
I just started reading this book in hopes of using it for a book club.<br/>Can't wait to finish it.
Couldn't put it down.
Not my favorite book.
Good short easy read!
terrific book, enjoy!
Hauntingly beautiful.
Couldn't put it down!
Great book, loved it.
I couldn't put this book down simply because I kept hopping some awesome story would emerge. That did NOT happen. This book did not make me smile or happy at any moment, it is full of sadness and disappointment, I kept expecting at least a moment of happiness or love,but I couldn't wait to finish this book to give it this review. Worst 10 dollars I have ever spent.
I feel baldy but after my 100 page rule I couldn't make myself continue.  The writing is fine but the story kept falling flat for me.  I know how hard an author works so I am sorry this just wasn't for me.  I had to come up with the 100 page rule as I own hundreds of books and cannot waste a moment on a book that isn't drawing me in.<br/><br/>Again, sorry to the author.....I wish you good sales and hope I might enjoy another by you.
Mediocre story and tedious writing. The Lee family is infuriatingly apologetic and obsequious.
I found this novel to be reasonably well written but I just did not find the characters or the situation believable.  The mother was extremely self-centered and couldn't seem to find a way to realize her ambitions without abandoning her family.  The father was ridiculously emotionally immature and incapable of understanding his wife and children.  I also just don't buy into the idea that being the only ethnic Chinese family in a small college town would be such a huge challenge.  This was set in the 1970's, after all, not the 1870's.  The depiction of over-compensating parents was very heavy handed, the characters in the book were shallowly drawn.  Of course there are many dysfunctional families who make themselves miserable but this portrayal was much too obvious.  Overall, not a satisfying read.
A really good story!
gave the reader a lot to think about in our own world
Sad, but compelling.
It dragged a little.
Thought provoking...
Enjoyed tremendously
Painfully beautiful.
Felt the story went flat about hallway thru with the character developed and no conclusion.
Depressing but good
Sad and believable.
Beautifully written
Throughly enjoyable
Great storytelling.
Really awesome read
Very enjoyable book
A very good read!!!
Parents take note!!
Such lonely people!
It was OK,good writing,but not very good story.I would not recomend it-too depressive.
I rarely finish a book that I like as little as this one.<br/><br/>This is a sad and depressing book, with parents who are beyond redemption. The father's affair seems forced. The mother too dense and self-centered to be believable. Lydia's thoughts prior to her death seemed out of character. And was this a reenactment of the episode with her brother when they were kids, that she would make come out differently and therefore change her life? Or was it a suicide?<br/><br/>I was happy that this book came from the library.
This book was well written and evoked striong emotions, but I found it depressing.
Great page turner.
I loved this book.
Awesome easy read!
Keeps you guessing
Didn't like it....
Great page turner!
Not my cup of tea.
Very well written!
Loved this book...
good exciting read
just ok.  Too slow
Thoroughly enjoyed
The premise was engaging. The writing became tedious as the story progressed.
Well paced story.
A wonderful book.
such a great book
Such a good book!
interesting read.
Really good read.
Wonderful story.
An amazing read.
Makes you think.
Great story line
Loved this book!
Very depressing.
Adored this book
really excellent
Loved this book.
kept my interest
Loved this book.
Kept my interest
This is an interim review; I'm about 20% into the audio version of the book.  In the description of the mother and father, I have a problem with the historical accuracy of the situation.  The mother goes to Harvard in 1957;  women weren't admitted to Harvard then, they enrolled in Radcliffe, and admittedly shared some classes with Harvard men. It wasn't until 1977 that the 2 schools merged.  I also question how realistic it would be for Harvard to have offered a course on popular culture in 1957; the "canon" ruled in academia back then, so this just seems about a generation too early.
The book was good family drama. Parents think they know everything about their kids but in all actuality they really don't. the story is the perfect example of what people think of others without actually knowing them. I can relate with this with the amount of pressure my parents put on me and not my other brothers. That's why i enjoyed the book because it something that happens in families. Also the pacing was nice because the author didn't give you a lot about Lydia until  the end. That's when you realize that the story turns and you see the dysfunction and the acceptance of what happened.
very depressing
Such sad people.  It pained me to keep reading this story.  The writing is good, but the characters are so flawed; it was exhausting to endre their relentless sorrow.
Very good book.
Loved this book
Loved the book.
Nice easy read!
Loved this book
Slow and Boring
Very good read!
Excellent read.
excellent book.
Very good read.
Very good read.
It was just ok
Kind of boring
Excellent book
Brilliant read
Good Reading..
Good not great
liked it a lot
Wonderful book
Blah. Boring.
Great insight
Well written.
Slow moving.
Worth  it!!!
Good reading
Very deep...
Depressing!!
Very engaging.  I had never read this author prior.
A great story may have sadness but there is literally nothing uplifting in this story.  The reader keeps waiting.  The adult characters are all deplorable - obviously mentally unglued and, consequently, emotionally abusive and neglectful to their children.  You feel for those kids but never get close enough to them to truly get drawn in.  The racism is heavy-handed as well.  Not everyone in the 1970s was so ignorant.<br/>I don't recommend this book.
Great read!
Great book!
Great book!
Great read.
Great read!
A good read
A good plot
Engrossing!
Great book!
Great book.
Interesting
Enjoyed it.
Great book.
Great read!
Great read!
Great book!
Great book,
Great book!
Too sad.  It was unremittingly depressing.  If it was trying to make the point that what parents do affects their children and that husbands and wives need to talk to each other about their fears and wishes, it could have done that after fewer tradgedies and it wAS WEAK HOW AT THE END, THE AUTHOR TRIED TO WRAP IT ALL UP IN A PRETTY RIBBON AND TRIED TO GIVE THE READER HOPE.  iT WAS TOO LATE AND TOO OBVIOUSLY FAKE.
Perhaps if you have no higher education and your reading tastes run along the lines of John Grisham or Danielle Steele, then you would find this book engaging, otherwise, leave it be. Dull, one dimensional characters who all share the characteristic of not wanting to talk about things. But do they have complex and interesting interior lives? Uh, sadly, no. Reads like the writing of a high school student.
I did not like this book although I read it to the end.  I liked the son and the father, but I didn't feel as though I ever knew the daughter.  I thoroughly disliked the mother.  SPOILER ALERT!  How could any mother just leave her children without at least making some kind of arrangements for their care.  I was so upset at that part of the book that I just had to put it down and walk away for awhile.
What an incredible book. I read it in ONE DAY. Very rare for me to connect with the story enough where I just have to continue reading it. Her writing just flows fluidly and descriptively enough to make you feel a part of this family. Some books leave me scratching my head as to what the heck is going on? Not this one. It kept me riveted to the story to the very last page. Highly recommend.
Excellent!
Good read.
Great book
Excellent!
Fantastic!
Great read
Great read
Good read!
Good book.
Fantastic!
Great read
Great book
I wasn't sure if I'd like this book at first, but once I got going even though I knew Lydia was dead I wanted to know why, what happened, and was drawn into the lives of these fully developed characters.  I could feel the pain of those who are pushed aside in society for being different, and Marilyn's pain of not fulfilling her career dreams rang so true for that generation of women.
A very well written story of tragedy and renewal. A sudden loss puts a middle-American family into a tailspin. The author explores the story from five different perspectives and eventually reveals what exactly did happen. I found that this story had a lot of resonance. All the characters were well developed, giving additional depth to the story. An interesting and worthwhile read.
this shouldn't be billed as a mystery. it is obvious what happened and is basically stated as such in the book, so it's more of a time jumping family drama. so if you like mysteries and come up with all kinds of creative ways she could have been killed you'll be all dissapointed that it's not really a mystery. other than that i guess it's kind of interesting but not really.
The book was ok but I didn't think it lived up to my expectations.  It's not a 'deep' book and the themes explored are not complex enough to warrant some of the positive reviews here.  The book also had 3 endings, which I thought was a major weakness.  As an author, you need to pick an ending and stick with it.  Lower your expectations and you won't be disappointed.
Another novel of teenage suicide.  The characters were rather flat and predictable.  The issues of biracial marriage, marital infidelity, parental expectations for their children, and the claustrophobic character of a small town could all have been novels in their own right.  In this short novel, none were developed sufficiently to engage and maintain interest.
Far and away the WORST book of this year and i suspect many a year .2013 gave us "Schroder" and "The silent wife".This book is  in  that august company.Amateurishly written ,fully agree with one reviewer who called this book essentially a melodramatic YA book.MFA's take a bow<br/>To make it a little different the characters do absurd things like the father having sex with his colleague on the day of his daughters funeral -really! wow !-thats deep -didn't see that coming .<br/>Do i qualify writing this review -i abandoned the book at page 100.<br/>Amazons best book of the year!!! The year that gave us "Let me be Frank with you"By Richard Ford
This is a family saga in which no one grows. A young woman gives up her dream to be a doctor when she suddenly and mysteriously falls in love with her Asian/American professor who teaches a course in American Cowboys. Her disappointing life fulfillment casts a long dark shadow over her family leaving no one fulfilled. A very disappointing read.
Fast read
Excellent
Good book
Wonderful
Good read
Good rfad
Loved it.
Good book
Loved it.
Loved it.
easy read
Wonderful
Loved it!
Loved it!
Loved it!
Fast, easy and totally engaging read!
I read this book as part of my bookclub.  It was a good read, easy to put down but exciting to pick right back up.  The characters continued to develop through each new reveal, and the book explores dynamics of family, race and mixed families, expectations on women, acceptance and love, betrayal and all that is not spoken.
Beautiful story but sooo sad throughout.  Do not read if you are in any way depressed. Family dysfunction within Asian - American Family in the 70 when prejudice against Chinese and American marriage was horrible, cruel and intolerant. Characters were interesting but mostly unappealing. Not bad for a first go.
Loved it
loved it
Enjoyed.
Haunting
too sad!
Excelent
When the self is injured, the healing it seeks can turn into a cancer for the next generation, if that is the direction it takes in the hope of healing. Suffering can be avoided by the self accepting its own nature and bearing its own pain. So it goes....<br/><br/>Marc Whaley, MD
This was not quite what I thought it would be, but nonetheless I enjoyed it.  It was a little confusing with the constant switching back and forth from past to present.  I was looking for more of a mystery to solve, but enjoyed how everything in the story interweaved.
amazing
A book that makes you think!
An ok book has a passable plot, some decent character development and makes me think at least a little bit. This book did that. It didn't wow me, it didn't make me want to read more. I don't need the 4.5 hrs back, but I might've preferred another book more.
Everything I Never Told You
I read this on the downslide after a few excellent books so admittedly, it was already at a disadvantage.  On the other hand, the debut author was highly touted and at the forefront of the year's recommends so I had hopes for it.  I'm kind of 'over' the whole fractured family saga...grief tearing the survivors apart...not that it isn't authentic or moving, but the plot often degenerates to a depressing soap opera grabber with no uplifting elements.  The major flaw in this tale was the cardboard character portrayal of a mixed race family a few decades ago; their motivations just didn't ring true for me.  Had Ng left both the mother and father in the realm of first generation American born children whose parents had impossible expectations and treated the legacy of that burden and family dysfunction as it was passed to the next batch of descendants, it might have worked for me...but in this case the mother came off plastic and unbelievable and the little sister simply absurd.
Was slow.  Picked it up to read just to get finished.  Gave it 3 stars because it was haunting as far as what families can do to a person, but the story didn't make me really care about the characters that much.  sort of a let-down.
Great!
Thanks
boring
Great!
This novel held my interest, but was quite depressing. I know it's possible for a family to be overly dysfunctional, but this family was beyond dysfunctional. And for several generations, also. It made me quite sad.
Boring.  Waste of time.
I like it but not the greatest writing in the world, but I am biased because my favorite author's are Tolstoy, Dostoyevsky, Austen and Lamb.  But this is an interesting story for modern literature.
A girl named Lydia commits suicide in the nearby lake. She ha been the favorite child of her parents combining both mom's Caucasian features and dad's Chinese features, blue eyes and black hair. Mom dreamed of being a doctor and presses for that as Lydia's career choice. Dad was unpopular and an odd mpboy at school, he dreams of a popular daughter. Lydia has other interests but Harvard seems to be the only college acceptable to them and she feels more pressure than the other siblings. When her death is discovered, all family members lash out in different ways but the youngest child, a daughter is more aware the others as to the cause of death. What a great story and offsets books such as the tiger mom where the mother is proud of her pressure on her daughter.
Unusual, but interesting. Maybe not the best book of 2014 which I thought it had been rated.  I would recommend reading to gain more insight into real life situations among minority families.
Do not know what the hype was about. Last read with no real new ground covered. In the end the characters were well developed but like a rope with frayed ends not strong enough to rely on.
Didn't care for it, thought the entire premise a little weak. Being 'different' wasn't enough to carry me all the way through the end. Writing wasn't terrific either. No comparison to something like 'Snow Falling on Cedars', for example. All in all, I was disappointed that Amazon picked it as a top read of the year.
So so
Nancy
Great
TOO depressing. But, if thats your thing, great character development, wonderful sad heart-wrenching story about a half-asian  family growing up in a small town when tragedy hits.
Loved this book until the end . . . Felt like the author ran out of gas, had her story to tell but didn't know how to end it.
As parents we do not always realize what our actions are doing to our children. This book is a lovely thought provoking look into a family and society with strange expectations!
Great book, familiy members keep secrets and pay the consequences of not talking to each other about concerns, flaws, hopes and fears.  I thought this was a great read.
Not my favorite book ever but certainty a compelling read. The characters of the parents... I just want to shake them out of their incredible self centeredness.
This is too good. I kept wondering what happened to Lydia! The way how Celeste pictures The Lees is so realistic, very typical to any oriental family out there.
Deep
By the well developed characters..aspects of each we can all identify with in some form. Plus the normal, yet harrowing, pictures of family life.
DE.PRESS.ING. Very well-written, well-developed story, but JEEzus. Every page was a disaster of some sort you saw playing out in slow motion.
The story is good but not what I expected. It left me hanging, which sometimes is OK - but not this time. I was disappointed in the ending.
If you are looking for an upbeat book this is not it.  While the story is good and the book well written it has a depressing story line.
I gave this book 4 stars because the author developed the struggle of an immigrant's American born children. Very accurate historically.
Uninteresting and not well written, I couldn't really get in to this book at all. It has potential, and it may be just my own tastes.
Just started this book today and I cannot put it down.  Excellent writing!  I know I will be sad when this awesome read is over.
Incredible writing and story telling but the plot - the story's loneliness sticks with you like gum on the bottom of your shoe.
Defining irony in the saddest of ways.  But at least there is always hope.  I would recommend this as it is written very well.
Have passed the book along to friends -- that's the best compliment!<br/>Thanks for a great read. I loved every character
I purchased this novel thinking it was a murder mystery when, in fact, it is another run-of-the-mill story of a dysfunctional family. If it were non-fiction, I would have given it high marks. Though the author says she got the idea for this book from a friend of a friend, I do believe she was clearly affected by the true story of an Asian girl who drowned in a pond that made the Boston papers six years ago. Celeste Ng lives in Cambridge so naturally she would have read about the death of Elizabeth Mun in Andover. The Mun family were Chinese and Elizabeth attended school in Concord, just miles from Ms. Ng.  In fact, the maiden name of Elizabeth's mother was LEE, just like in the book. The girl was 16 like Lydia and had enormous pressure to succeed. At the time several articles were also published about the high rate of suicide among Asian American girls.<br/><br/>In Ms. Ng's story, she makes the victim the child of a Chinese father and a white American mother, thereby avoiding any similarity to the Tiger Mom publicity. Truth be told, though, back in the 60s, white girls were not marrying Chinese boys so the story right off does not feel valid, nor did young<br/>girls of that decade become doctors. They became nurses. Another glaring flaw is the fact that a ten-year-old child back in the 70s would not have been sensitive enough to pick up on those subtle clues that her brother's friend was gay. Absolutely not.<br/><br/>Furthermore, we have the problem of the mother. I'm sorry but Betty Crocker moms do not abandon their children. And if they're smart enough to become a doctor, surely they're smart enough to take care of their birth control issues. This very depressing story has no realism whatsoever. Ms. Ng should have stuck with the Chinese mother and given us some resemblance of real life.
To be honest, this was a book I forced myself to finish. It was not an enjoyable read for me. A bit boring. Redundant.
I don't know if I would have read it otherwise. I would recommend reading it. The family comes together at the end.
It was a nice but sad story. I didn't understand the book title until i finished the book which was interesting.
This book will break your heart, torrent of tears rolling down your face. It will tug at your soul relentlessly
Well written story of a family trying to understand the death of daughter/sister. Very sad and believable tale.
A sad story about how we are. The life is full of white lies which we eventually have to pay for in the end...
This book was so well written, sad, but a page turner. I am looking forward to reading more from this author.
So many families in this world, this one need so much help.  Not sure I would recommend this as a good read
I enjoyed reading this book. Though it was sad that Lydia died the dynamics of the family was really good.
I enjoyed reading this book.  It was very thought provoking.  I did feel at times that it was a bit slow.
I really liked this book, because the wife wanted her daughter to become what she did not.  A good story.
Interesting insight into modern day subtle racism. Story not quite believable, but engaging nontheless.
It was a good book. Probably more like 3 1/2 stars but went with 4. Sad the family didn't communicate.
Depressing, very depressing - had a hard time finishing it. Too many cliche, predictable plot points.
Read for book club.  Better than expected...like American Beauty, everyone appears normal at first.
So sad but enlightening! How racism can inhibit our growth and in fact will to live in this case.
Beautiful writing; however, disappointed in a unnecessary transition and the end of the story.
Given as a Christmas gift.  It looked very interesting to me;  hope the recipient enjoys it.
One of the best books I have ever read.  Excellent plot and characters.
Great book, recommend it- makes a good book club book for discussions!
This is a pretty dark and convoluted story.  Realistic, well-written.
It's difficult for me to understand how this was chosen as #1 book of the year. The writing is amateurish at best and there's hardly any depth to the characters. The whole thing seemed like a rough draft of a novel to come. Major disappointment.
Could not put it down.  Well written.  A new twist on an old theme.
Sad, depressing, dysfunctional family story.  Sorry I bought it.
Beautifully written story of the intwrmnal workings of a family.
This book was terrible. I did not get passed the 3rd chapter.
ahhhhh. it was alright... not as good as I had wished.
not my kink of book!  Too many disfunctional people.
Extremely dark. I was depressed the whole time I read this book.
Thought it would be better from the reviews I read.
Beyond my expectations...passed it on to friends.
Well written and very engaging-even enthralling.
depressing read..i lost interest in how and why
Character development lacking. I liked the cultural differences and the revealing cruelties of young adults toward unlike peers. The rest of the book was flat .
Works as advertised but pretty easy to break.
Predictable, not very interesting or exciting
Delicate, tough, haunting and unforgettable.
great light read.  Several twists and turns
Fast reading. Anyone could rlate to story
A good book.  Not exactly as I expected.
Quietly powerful, heart-stirring book...
Easy read<br/>Not overly exciting plot
It was good. Characters developed well.
Hold your patience it's worth the ride!
Good subject but not developed deeply.
Good story about a family....but sad.
I was really not impressed with this book. I don't think any family could be so it of touch with their children. Depressing...
A great book for all Asian American!
Mundane, boring and a waste of time!
Good book but a little depressing!
Phenomenal. Touching. A must read.
Good book.<br/>Surprising plot.
Read this book. You will love it
Very intelligent and well-paced.
Good story. Easy to relate to.
Would not recommend this one.
I thought it was a sad story.
This was interesting but sad.
Can't wait for her next book.
okay,but would not recommend
This was a pretty good book.
Good portrait of outsiders
Interesting and fast read.
Did not like the way ended
I didn't like this book. I found it to be very depressing with no redeeming value.
Such a great page turner
Excellent but sad story.
Loved it, but it's sad.
No Comments Good Or Bad
I found it depressing.
very interesting novel
Not special: The story, the telling of it, the quality of the writing.
Already reviewed this
Somewhat interesting.
Good book. Nice read!
Good book but sad....
Good holiday reading.
Really great book!
I like this style.
A good beach read
I loved the book!
It's a good read.
Really good read!
Good! But not WOW
Very boring!!!!!
Not worth the read....it's like the author had a word quota so she just goes on and on...you skip for the plot, but it is unimaginative and disappointing.
Incredible book
Excellent read.
Thanks so much.
I read this book based on reviews in EW. It was just "OK". Not a page turner, didn't have me on the edge of my seat. No real surprises.
Wonderful read
Fabulous book.
Disappointing!
Fast reading but VERY depressing.  Not worth the time it takes to read it.  Ending is not uplifting enough to save the book.
Disappointing
Well written.
I did not enjoy this book. I chose it because it was number 1 on Amazon's best books of 2014 list. I finished reading it because I kept thinking that eventually the book would have a turn in which I would understand why it was the best of 2014.. it never did. It was an awful book, Very depressing. There was no happiness in the book at all, everything about it was negative and I do not enjoy negativity or misery.
Great read.
Interesting
interesting
Remarkable.
Great book!
Great book!
Great read
Great book
There's no doubt Celeste Ng is a good writer and I read this novel from cover to cover.  I prefer more humor in my novels and found it a bit depressing in parts.  That's just a matter of taste though. I only gave it 3 stars as I prefer something more upbeat. I like to be carried away to a happier place when I read.
It was a good book but I wanted to know even more about the characters. It is well written but I did get bored about half way through but decided to finish it because sometimes books get better but this really didn't. Like I said a good read bit in retrospect I would not have paid for this.
Good book
Wonderful
Enjoyable
Well done
Easy read
SATISFIED
The writing is quite good for a first book by Ms. NG. However the constant theme of not belonging in society bacuse of being  Oriental' was not believable. I went to college in the Midwest and never observed this racial divide against Asians. The dysfunctional family was tiresome, the details of their dreary lives repeated throughout the book was just simply boring. How many ways can one say these people are crazy? The one interesting person, Jack, was treated as a mere sideline. And Jack was essential to the story. Come to think of it, I didn't connect with any of these characters. And poor Hannah, the forgotten child, remains invisible until the last part of the book. One is left wondering how any member of this family survives with any kind of functional life. This is a much overrated book.
Great!!!
Enjoyed!
I've not finished the book, but I am bothered by the use of "Oriental" when referring to people. Oriental is a description of non living objects. People are Asian. it may be a sign of the times but I find it distracting and disrespectful.
A very depressing book  I kept thinking there would be a glimmer of hope but I was wrong. No hope story kept getting more dark. Death,betrayal,unrealized ambitions,homophobia and racial bias too much for one tale
Ugh!  I'm only half way through this book, I hope there are sunnier days ahead for this family, it is horribly depressing to read!
Hard to finish.
When I read the description for this book I thought it would be much more interesting than it actually was. The characters were one-dimensional, lacking depth.
Rather a naive , predictable script with unrealistic caracters. I would not lend this book to any of my friends , as I think it not a worhwhile read.
This book was not one you could not put down. Therefore , I am putting it down. Clumsy references to late sixties for those of us who remember well.
amazing book I loved it ,a wonderful insight into a problem of racial attitudes and how each member of the family dealt with it well done Celeste
A poignant story of isolation, race, gender and expectation.  The characters are rich and well developed. A beautiful and sad, sad story.
I was expecting much more from this book. The ending was a let down and I felt I was left asking myself what the purpose of the story was.
Good
This book suffered from bad editing.  It was also contrived and read like an MFA project not worthy of the great reviews.
most depressing story I have everead. terrible.
An entretaining novel, but with nothing amazing
not reccoend this book for minorities.
Good book. It kept me interested.
Twisting and turning, great read
Not even 1 stAr for this one!!!
Big disappointment! How could you seriously select this as book of the year?  Nothing new or credible in the storyline. Flat characters. Waste of precious reading time!
unknown  gave it as a gift.
My wife enjoyed this book.
This book was depressing.
Not bad for a first novel
This book seems to be written for adolescents.  A waste of time.
Lydia Lee, the middle daughter, disappears. Was she kidnapped, murdered; did she run away; did she commit suicide? The family has no answers when they wake up and find Lydia missing. She was the perfect daughter trying to realize her parents dreams. Her mother wanted her to become a doctor, a wish her mother was unable to fulfill. Her father wanted her to be popular because he felt like an outcast. But Lydia can't realize her parents dreams. She's a different person.<br/><br/>On the positive side, the author understands the stresses of mixed race families, in this case Asian and American. I found her psychological insights perceptive. On the negative side, her understanding of story structure is poor. In the opening of the novel, Lydia has disappeared. No one knows why. The assumption is that she has been murdered. Nathan, her older brother, suspects Jack, the neighborhood bad boy, but no one can prove it, and Jack says he knows nothing.<br/><br/>After setting up the story as a murder mystery, the author takes a several page digression into the history of Lydia's parents' lives. It stops the story dead. If you're fascinated by the dynamics of a mixed race household, it's perfectly in keeping with the theme, but if you're expecting a murder mystery, it doesn't produce the expected attempt by the family and police to solve the mystery.<br/><br/>I thought the author did an excellent job with the psychological aspects of the novel, but if you're looking for a mystery, give this a miss.<br/><br/>I reviewed this book for Net Galley.
So - I don't get it.  I bought it as it was on an Amazon recommended list as this was a new author and everyone was writing these reviews that you would have thought this was the best new work of the century.  This is a sad tale about very sad people.  Not one character has any redemptive value.  This is really a horrid piece of writing.  So I don't even know why I bothered to give it two stars other than I read it.  Yikes - will someone tell me why they gave it positive reviews?
It was very good.
it was just okay
This is a never ending story about some of the most unlikable, needy, and uninteresting characters I  have ever read!  I will tip my hat to the author in that I did read it to the end...but just barely.  Do not waste your money...this is sure to be a $1.99 special very quickly.
Well done
Everything I Never Told You is  relentlessly depressing.  It is a good examination of a very disfunctional and sad family. It's well written downer.  Starts out shockingly sad and stays in that groove.
downer
Great
i didnt even read it after reading the first few pages. yuck. my mom read it but she didnt like it either
A bad Lifetime Movie Network Story
Repetitive and heavy. Not much to like about this book!! It was a waste of time and money. Don't waste your or money...trust me on this.
poor rating because it is too sad a story----------very depressing
Good story, but frustrating gaps in family. Very sad teen suicide
:)
boring
Rather depressing, but we'll written
Too depressing.
It was ok
A beautiful but so very sad story of suicide, from both the girl's point of view & then the way the family reflected on their lives & what may have prompted this event.  Very well done!!
This book was a pretty big disappointment to me and I stopped reading it not far in, my apologies I usually try hard to complete but this was just not my cup of tea.
Did not enjoy
Sorry, the write. Word was good, but the depth of characters and subject matter was ordinary. Recommend to the author to keep writing, but reach for something that is new.
Not one of my favorites.
Excellent !!!
Rubbish ...
depressing
So depressing
Book was a downer. All the characters were unhappy. Nothing to be gained by reading this book. I wish the author hadn't told us.
ick
This was a depressing novel about dysfunctional parents rearing three children in a gloomy home.  Tragic and frustrating to read.  Sorry I picked it up.
What book did these other people read?  Stupid, sappy and predictable. "Lyrical"?  Here's a quote:  "lines like sandstone striata on her hand". Yuck.
Hysterical--will see the movie next.
I loved the book but it reached a nerve about my life and my granddaughters life.
An unenlightened, dysfunctional family who lives (or doesn't live) through prejudice and isolation.  It only reminded me that I'm glad society and thinking has progressed.  Too sad, too many characters with narrow views, and too many endless words into misery.<br/><br/>I wish I'd skipped it.
Just didn't go anywhere,  Really, a bore, but I finished it.
I did not like it.
The basic premise is false. Knowing what he did, James should have raised his family in an urban environment.
