Suspenseful and not overly predictable.
this book does not live up to the hype.
It was great. Read it :) If you like Gillian Flynn, you'll like this. I enjoyed the way the narrative was laid out. I did eventually guess the gist of the ending, but it was still enjoyable
A great read!  Exciting story.  I loved how the author told the story using the three women's personal accounts.<br/>I'll look forward to reading more Paula Hawkins novels in the future.
Very good book. A thriller and a page turner with an unsettlingly plausible plot.<br/><br/>A woman takes a train into London daily. Ostensibly a commuter, when the train stops each day by a certain neighborhood she stares wistfully at the back yards of the homes on one street. She does so because she used to live in one of the houses as the spouse of the man who still lives in one of them with his new wife.<br/><br/>There is a disappearance and a murder. Who did it is a major plot line as is the emotional journey of the commuter who deals with her sadness as well as other hurts by knocking them back far more than she should.<br/><br/>There are five central characters with a few interesting and multi dimensional supporting ones.  The author's ability to piece the story together is as impressive as the story itself.  Told in the first person by three of the characters, from different periods in 2012 and 2013, the reader --or at least I--had to go back a number of times to make sure that one event had taken place before another, because the first person narratives are not sequential.<br/><br/>Unlike a lot of whodunits, this book goes beyond the plot line.  When we've taken an emotional jolt our ability to think rationally is compromised. We might think of others as far more solid than they are and we just have a hard time connecting the dots. Maybe we become drunks or maybe we just are intoxicated from the poisons of loss.  It's important to try to purge the toxins, solve our puzzles, and piece our lives back together.<br/><br/>Highly recommended
I couldn't put this story down.  You become  involved with characters and feel that you know them.  Each new chapter has you more intrigued , more eager to learn the truth. A great read.
Kept me interested from the beginning.
The story kept me guessing to the end.
I enjoyed the book.  It's a good read.
Terrific story. Couldn't put it down!!
Kind of depressing and a lot of fluff.
I think this would make a great movie.
Enjoyed listening to three narrators !
Very good. . .but it's not  Gone Girl.
hard to follow and probably on purpose
Awesome book!  Loved every page of it.
Great page turner!  Really enjoyed it!
Never boring, keeps you thinking ahead
Loved this book. Couldn't put it down.
I loved it. I thought it was different
Kept my interest up until the very end
I loved this book and would recommend.
I really think this book is overrated.
A real page-turner!  Hard to put down.
Too many angles and characters for me.
Fast moving. Good plot. Crummy people.
Fantastic read.  Couldn't put it down.
Good suspense, pace, interesting tale.
Great read!! I couldn't put it down!!!
Good story and interesting characters.
Best book I have read since Gone Girl.
Still reading but so far I'm loving it
Couldn't put this book down. Loved it!
Kept you riveted.. a real page turner!
Very interesting kept you on your toes
Awesome read. Loved this book so much.
Enjoyable read and ended with a twist.
Awesome book. I could not put it down!
couldn't put it down. A very good read
Found it hard to follow and confusing.
Good mystery, something unique for me.
Excellent read. This author has talent
Very well written.  Enjoyed this book!
Repetitive but gripping, good  reading
PLOTTING AT FIRST, BUT WORTH THE RIDE.
The stories is extremely well written.
Couldn't put it down...so well written
Fantastic read- nice twist at the end!
Really enjoyed this fast paced stories
I was surprised by the turn of events.
Could not put it down!!  A must read!!
An awesome book! Read it in two days!!
Predictable ending..not very exciting.
It was different and held my interest.
Vivid and compelling. An awesome read.
Fun whodoneit read.  Full of intrigue.
Personally did not care for this book!
A dark but compelling plot throughout.
I originally reviewed this book as "Dark and Dreary.  I found myself just not really caring".  Now that I have finished the story, I would like to say that after reading two-thirds of the book, I did find myself more interested and was anxious to know the outcome. For me, it was worth the wait.
Such a fun thrilling unexpected story!
Intriguing book; well worth the money.
Brilliant writing,  utterly absorbing.
Great book. Best I have read in awhile
Kept my interest.  Clever plot twists.
Not a big fan of this book.  Booooring
Quiet book about real family dynamics.<br/>Ridiculous!<br/>Don't know how this is Girl on Train review.  Wrote it on Haruf novel.
A suspenseful read, really enjoyed it.
Started reading and never able to stop
It's not what I expect! So depressing!
Good storyline, keeps you on your toes
Couldn't put this little mystery down!
One of those books you can't put down.
Very good book, will keep you reading.
Had a hard time getting into the book.
This was well written and interesting.
very intense, definitely a page turner
Good book...disturbing yet intriguing.
Great mystery that kept me on my toes!
Lots of twists which kept me guessing.
very good book! Better than Gone Girl!
Quite the page turner... I enjoyed it.
I don't see how this is a best seller.
Don't count me.  I cancelled the order
Very slow paced - not my kind of book!
Page turner. Ending a little drawn out
Couldn't put it down....great mystery!
Loved this book from beginning to end.
Great story that has twists and turns!
Stared off a little slow but end well.
Love this book!! Especially the audio.
I liked the book.  It was interesting.
Happy to read it but not the best ever
It was a book I can't stop reading it.
This was not one of my favorite books.
Very suspenseful and hard to put down.
Bit of a Gone Girl clone. Not as good.
Best book I have read since Gone Girl.
What a bunch of despicable characters!
Enjoyed the mystery ride of the novel.
Very good book!  Couldn't put it down!
Suspense novel with a surprise ending.
A tale told in a most interesting way.
Good book with lots of twists & turns.
Really enjoyed the book. Well written.
Excellent mystery! Keeps you guessing!
Nevr did get the plot if there was one
Kept my attention from start to finish
Well written and holds your attention.
A great read; I couldn't put it down!!
Very enjoyable.  Couldn't put it down!
Terrific plot and unique storytelling!
Held my interest throughout the story!
Fast paced book. Loved the plot twist!
Coming soon to a s***ty lifetime movie
I enjoyed this book. Twists and turns.
Enjoyable read with a surprise ending.
A real page turner. Hard to put down!!
This book definitely kept my interest.
Fantastic read. Could not put it down.
Loved it ... Lots of twists and turns!
Awesome book.  I couldn't put it down!
Interesting book. Not what I expected.
SUSPENSEFUL - I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN.
good story - well written - surprises.
quick read.  Lots of twists and turns.
Not as great as I thought it would be.
Loved the book; read it in 2 sittings.
Well written.  I couldn't put it down.
Great book - read it in one afternoon!
Good book. Didn't live up to the hype.
Riveting story with a surprise ending.
Found it difficult to follow storyline
Story kept you intrigued and guessing.
Amazing read- I could not put it down.
Very nice read. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Excellent read.  A real page turner...
Great story. Love the twist and turns.
Loved it right up there with gone girl
Great read!! Reminded me of Gone Girl.
Kept you wondering until the very end.
Good writing but kind of predictable .
Well written with an interesting plot.
Loved this book, couldn't put it down!
Very good book, it kept me guessing...
Great book! Fast read. So many twists.
Read in 2 days....Great murder mystery
Great qick read. enjoyed it very much.
Not as good as gone girl but very good
Enjoyed the book--easy, exciting read.
Suspense and intrigue all the way....!
Great read....... Enjoyed it very much
An excellent book.  Very well written.
Great story...love, suspense, revenge.
Interesting writing and story telling.
Didnt want to put it down!  Great read
Very suspenseful. A great who done it.
Didn't like or relate to any characters. Figured out who done it. Didn't feel it was wrapped up very well. Plot and action were not very believable. Characters were constantly whining.
Fish hooked me in the first few pages and kept me up late reading.  Honest characters....if you don't see glimpses of yourself in at least one of them, you're either a saint or a liar.
It was one of the longest and most boring books I have read.  I can't believe it is on the best seller list.  Long and repetitious. Her drinking and continuous riding of the train.  .
This story grabbed me from the first page, and swept me along on a harrowing, true-to-life adventure involving passion, alcoholism, and tangled relationships. What a fascinating read!
This novel kept you guessing and was hard to put down.  Going from character to character and time period to time period kept you focused and anxious to find out how the story ends.
Well written but depressing storyline
Kept me guessing. Would recommend it.
Well written but dark and depressing.
Great book! Page turner at the end :)
One of my favorite books of the year.
The best book I have read in a while.
Unadorned a hard time putting it down
awfully coincidental, but page turner
Kept you guessing until the very end.
A page turner with a surprise ending.
Captivating...intriguing...surprising
Exciting fast read. Unexpected ending
Best book I have read in a long time!
Liked the format of telling the story
Fast paced, catchy story. Quick read!
Great book suspenseful until the end!
Loved it.......couldn't put it  down.
Amazing book I couldn't put it down !
Great suspense story! Worth the read!
It was great I couldn't put it down !
Worth the read! Couldn't put it down.
Excellent read, many twists and turns
Different! Quite a twist in the tail.
Very suspenseful, fast paced thriller
Could not put it down!!!  Great read!
Does not live up to the hype. At all.
Greatest book I have read in a while!
Great reading.  Many twists and turns
It kept me interested the whole time.
Well written, not my type of content.
Good book, got better towards the end
A great story.  Enjoyed it very much.
Best book I have read in a long time.
Excellent read! Entertaining & sharp!
Gripping story from beginning to end.
Hated it! Couldn't wait for it to end
Couldn't put it down! Excellent read!
Amazing book, I couldn't put it down.
Wonderfully written, beautiful story.
great seller - delivered as promised!
Did not particularly enjoy this book.
A little slow moving but overall good
Great book!  Suspenseful!  Easy read!
Very formulaic.  I never finished it.
Somewhat predictable but a good read.
The title of this review says it all.
Enjoyed this book. Lots of surprises.
slow reading,not especially realistic
Fantastic read! Couldn't put it down!
Descriptions are too long. Story good
Very good.....a page turner for sure!
excellent! highly recommend the book!
Excellent book! Couldn't put it down!
Captivating story! Read it in 2 days!
Excellent reading.  Hard to put down.
Might make for a good Lifetime movie.
Can't get into the theme of the book.
A real page turner, hard to put down.  Just when you think you have it figured out, you probably don't. I highly recommend this book!
Great book. Never guessed who did it!
It is a looong trip.  Ending is okay.
This  was a good read.. A page turner
Odd and interesting at the same time,
Once I started could not put it down.
strange book but didn't stop reading.
Really enjoyed the story development.
A page turner!  Couldn't put it down!
Good, quick summer read.  I liked it.
Excellent and kept drawing me in !!!!
Interesting story...right to the end.
Interesting, engaging, worth reading.
Excellent mystery.  Good summer read!
Great book! A lot of twist and turns.
This book was a page turner for sure!
Great book, lots of twists and turns.
Great suspenseful reading ! Loved it!
Loved it; tried not to; pulled me in.
A little bit tedious but good ending.
Good. Real good story. Pay attention!
A easy read that holds your attention
Loved this book, couldnt  put it down
A real page turner! Highly recommend.
slow to start but keeps your interest
Very compelling and interest holding!
It will keep you interested for sure!
Held you in suspense to the very end.
One of those can't put it down books.
Loved this book.  Read it in one day.
Great mystery, riveting storytelling.
Great read!  I flew through the book.
Great read in the style of Gone Girl.
Fun book, easy quick read.  Loved it!
A great story and a great beach read.
Loved it- I couldn't stop reading it!
Very quick read and full of suspense.
Love it!!!!!!!!!!😍😍😍😍😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Compelling - I could not put it down.
Seemed a little to drag on good story
Good story, but not very well written
Disappointing.  I stopped reading it.
Finished in two days. Very good read.
Quick clever read. Thoroghly enjoyed.
Great book -characters well developed
Loved the book, couldn't put it down.
Excellent read. Couldn't put it down.
Good story. Interesting presentation.
Great book. Reminded me of Gone Girl.
Loved this story..hard to put down!!!
Not much of a surprise ending for me.
Not best seller quality.  Monotonous.
just as good or better than gone girl
None stop read. Couldn't put it down!
Fast past, easy read and good mystery
Very interesting plot line-well told.
Good suspenser in the Gone Girl mode!
Keeps you guessing on several fronts!
Good book for traveling or the beach.
A very slow story, didn't go anywhere
Great Book--lots of twists and turns!
Such a great read! Fun and thrilling.
A real page turner, hard to put down.
Good with a few twists but not great.
one of the best book I have ever read
I loved the book couldn't put it down
Good book.  They should make a movie.
Great book- lots of twists and turns.
Very good book I couldn't put it down
Kept me hooked from beginning to end.
Involving, frustrating and compelling
good story but it did drag a little..
Not what I expected, but a good book.
A little circuitous, but a good read.
long introduction, not enough mystery
A good book with a surprising ending.
Excelent reading, intriguing.Loved it
Better once into the book, slow start
Great story with lots of anticipation
Keeps you guessing right till the end
It a good read. Plot was very twisty.
It was pretty good,  but predictable.
didn't enjoy it. style was confusing.
Great story. Very compelling and raw.
I preferred this book over Gone Girl!
Keeps you guessing. Hard to put down.
Worth reading all the way to the end.
Very good read.  Enjoyed it immensely
Keeps you guessing. Good page turner.
Twists and turns. A real page turner.
Great Book.  Easy & interesting read.
A page turner....couldn't put it down
A lot of surprising twists and turns.
Good book, suspenseful and thrilling.
Loved the book. Couldn't put it down.
Great read!  A page turner, for sure!
Couldn't put it down. Great thriller.
Kept me guessing all the way through.
Great read. Couldn't put it down!  :)
Good book--good read-hard to put down
Good story. Lots of twists and turns.
Took a little while to  get into it, but once you did you didn't want to put it down.  Was not able to figure it out until the end.  I like that in a suspense novel. Recommend !!!
A good old-fashioned ripping yarn.  Great characters, great plot twists, great read.  Don't start it late at night unless you are okay not sleeping- it's way too hard to put down!
I was reading it to my wife. We bailed after 50 pages. "You want to go on?" "Not so much." Not well written enough to put up w/ the unhappy characters any longer.
I love this story!  I want the killer to be found out as passionately as I want Rachel's alcoholism to be arrested! Both stories left me guessing until  the last possible moment.
Absolutely laborious to read.  Nothing about it said psychological thriller as it as was billed.  I cannot understand how this was given a No. 1 rating on the best seller list.
Too depressing. Not what I expected.
Good story with a surprising ending.
Ended ok but would not recommend it.
Disappointed me, reading didn't flow
It was exhausting reading this book.
Very suspenseful. Great plot twists!
Very fun with many twists and turns.
A mystery from the eyes of an addict
fast delivery and an excellent read.
I enjoyed it and would recommend it.
Didn't like; too slow. Disappointed.
Hard to put down, it kept me hooked!
Great book, I could not put it down.
Very intriguing... enjoyed the read.
Wasn't really intrigued by the plot.
Intriguing story.  Kept my interest!
Very different story.  I enjoyed it.
A good read that keeps you guessing.
Excellent book i couldnt put it down
Great book!  I couldn't put it down!
Very engaging and unique story line.
Well constructed and reciting novel.
Engaging and keeps you on your toes!
It was predictable but well written.
I liked it a lot.  Very twisty plot!
Really enjoyed the twists and turns.
It was excellent!!!  GIVE 5 STARS!!!
Very suspenseful a real page turner!
This one caused me some late nights!
Suspenseful and a quick, great read!
Tough read, but certainly worth  it.
Awesome book - couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!  Great read...
A good novel--not terribly exciting.
Love this book.. Cannot stop reading
Well written and a food page-turner.
Excellent read Could not put it down
I found it hard to put the book down
Pretty good book.  Dragged a little.
Great read. It holds your attention.
Excellent  read! Keeps you guessing!
Ok a little hard to follow at first.
Okay just not worth all of the hype.
A good read, interesting characters.
Didn't expect the ending in this one
I liked the book but didn't lover it
Was good but not worth all the hype.
Predictable and somewhat depressing.
Suspenseful; but very average prose.
Very exciting and well put together.
I didn't like any of the characters.
Great book!  I couldn't put it down!
Very depressing from start to finish
Couldn't put it down. A little racy.
Loved this book!  Very twisty-turny.
Great book!! I couldn't put it down.
I loved all of the twists and turns.
Excellent read. Highly recommend it!
Difficult to follow but a good read.
Left my housework could put it down.
A tad hard to follow but great read!
Kept my interest. Full of surprises.
Good summer read. Fast-paced ending.
Awesome read!  Hard to put it down!!
one of the best books I've ever read
It was an easy read which I enjoyed.
A very good book, def a page turner.
Kept my interest until the very end!
Book for women only - same old crap!
Ending was a bit of a disappointment
Great book. I could not put it down.
Amazing book. Could not put it down!
Great book, could not put it down...
Good read...at times, a page turner!
Excellent book. Kept it interesting.
I enjoyed the book, would recommend.
So exciting.  Couldn't stop reading!
A well written & spell-binding read.
Very intriguing and hard to put down
Every character needs a therapist :(
Really enjoyed the story.  Good read
Excellent book that touched my heart
Keeps you on your toes and guessing.
I really enjoyed this suspense story
Good page turner, with a nice twist.
I grew tired of the alcoholic games.
Very good story, it kept me reading!
Great read! I was hooked from start!
Interesting, but at times confusing.
Slow to grab me but good in the end.
Just an ok book.  Not very exciting.
Spellbinding. I cannot stop reading.
Nothing new here, but enjoyable read
Engrossing, absorbing, mind-bending!
Heldu interest through the ehe book.
Great book!  Love the audio version!
Grabs you right from the first page!
the book did not live up to the hype
Enjoyable, a different kind of story
Couldn't turn the pages fast enough!
Couldn't put it down until finished.
Didn't realize it was so depressing.
A page turner.  Couldn't put it down
loved it - like Gone Girl storyline.
Worth reading. Not great literature.
Wonderful....I couldn't put it down.
Very interesting. ending was strange
Not very interesting. Kind of slow..
plot twists and turns at every page!
Entertaining read. Kept my interest.
Loved this book, hated for it to end
Great book. Page turning to the end.
Compelling read. Enjoyed the twists.
Clever...suspenseful...from page one
Fun read and interesting characters.
very dark and very slow moving plot.
Just wasn't interested in this book.
Very suspenseful, entertaining read!
Too drawn out. Boring<br/> One star
A great read.  Couldn't put it down.
Love this book couldn't put it down.
No likeable character here at all...
A bit depressive but worth the trip.
Good book. Kept interest. Fast read.
Very strong characters. Really good.
Held my interest until the very end.
Outstanding!! Could not put it down.
Kept me on my toes til the very end.
Excellent good character development
Intriguing.  I couldn't put it down.
Very different and kept you guessing
I kept waiting for it to get better.
Best book I have read in a long time
lots of twists and turns. Great fun.
A quick read.  It kept my attention.
Reminds me of Gone Girl.  Good read.
A real thriller about unhappy women.
depressing book....depressing story.
Kept my interest..hard to put down..
good tension at the end of the story
Thought it was better than Gone Girl
NOt a book club book but a good read
Long and drawn out but a good ending
Great Book.  I couldn't put it down.
Keeps you on the edge the whole time
Formulaic, dull, easy to figure out.
I couldn't stop reading! I LOVED it!
A great book!! Read it in four days.
Amazing story line. Kept me riveted!
Oh my gosh!  Suspense until the end.
Suspenseful!  Could not put it down!
Long drawn out story, it was just OK
excellent book....a real page turner
Slow start but then....... Fantastic
Best book I've read in a long time!!
Couldn't put it down!!! Great book!!
Very good story I read it in one day
Good fiction, nice twist at the end.
Full of surprises - a great mystery!
Hard to put down. Really enjoyed it.
Great book! I couldn't put it down!!
a very good read.. lots of intrigue.
It's a good book with a good ending.
Got hooked and couldn't put it down.
A slow start, but a powerful ending!
Great writing...always another turn.
Weird but strangely compelling read.
good book  suspenseful but not crazy
Interesting plot.  Real page turner.
Best book I have read in a long time.
Great story with a twist at the end.
Great book!  I couldn't put it down!
A book you will read in one night.
Ended up to be a pretty good mystery
Amazing read. I couldn't put it down
Entertaining story but no gone girl.
Sorry, I don't like to write reviews
The characters in this book are very dysfunctional, but the author got me hooked.  It was a page turner.  The ending was not a disappointment.  It was an unfortunate happy ending.
GREAT READ.  THE USE OF THREE Different narrators brought depth and insight.  I was close to the climax before I had even considered that character in the part of villain.
This book presents a skilled view of events not being what they seem.  Rachel as the lead character has sunk into alcohol and obsession after the failure of her marriage.  Her husband had ended the marriage and moved his pregnant lover into their home.  Rachel who had not been able to conceive becomes everyone's vision of that ruined woman who has allowed all constraint to leave her life.  Her exposition as a character is done with a fine eye and a constant pressure of the mounting misfortune she bears.<br/><br/>This is also a murder mystery come to life for Rachel as she hovers in her train window over and over while passing her old home.  She has come to love the perfect couple she sees down the street and is unable to remain removed from the fate of the wife when she disappears.  While this book contains a number of switchbacks and false leads,  I found the answer to the mystery to be apparent from the first pages.  I am not very skilled at this revelation, so I have to think other people have done this as well.  The good news is that this theory in no way ruins the pace of the novel or the sense of breathlessness conveyed by Rachel.<br/><br/>Rachel spends most of this book as a person you would really prefer to avoid.  Her revelation as a person is done with a fine eye.  Whether you would like to be her friend at the end of the book is beside the point.  The point to me is the clear injunction to avoid judgment.
This book was worth all the hype! Couldn't stop reading it. The author does a great job of keeping the reader guessing-- really well written, hope to read more from her.
A bit too slow to get to the point.
A great mystery. Very entertaining.
Wonderful read; keeps you guessing.
Suspenseful but slightly confusing.
would be a great mini-series for tv
The book dragged a bit with rachel.
Did not care for the writing style.
Fun mystery set in A London suburb.
Excellent!! Couldn't put it down! !
Very good.  It kept me in suspense.
Kept me reading to the last period!
Great read. Good book club material
Reminds me of Gone Girl, good book.
Fast read.<br/>Complex characters.
Interesting read. Kept me guessing.
Good dialog and keeps your interest
too slow and gets sadder and sadder
Keeps you guessing. Enjoyable read.
Nice read, suspense from the start.
very slow read, would not recommend
Fabulous story! A real page-turner.
Just a little strange for my liking
Great story!  Couldn't put it down!
OK but I didn't like the characters
Really twisted...a good, fast read.
Best book I've read in a long time!
Very somber but still a great read.
Good twist. I didn't see it coming.
Great story, with twists and turns.
Such a smart, thrilling who done it
Excellent! I could not put it down!
Pretty good book.......good ending.
Great read! A fun who done it book.
Great book. I couldn't put it down.
Great Book! Definitely recommended!
Brilliant read and really enjoyable
Great book! I couldn't put it down!
Captivating!  Couldn't put it down.
Slow start. Fantastic twist ending.
A page-turner from start to finish!
great book.  difficult to put down.
too wordy with no redeeming dialoge
Fantastic...couldn't put it down!!!
A mystery and thriller all in one !
Got better as the story progressed.
Good book read it in two sittings!!
I like a mystery and some suspense.
Tedious. Definitely skip this book.
I'm glad to be finished reading it!
It was quite a thriller. Loved it!!
Rrally good story. Enjoyed it a lot
Excellent book. Keeps you guessing.
I lost interest about half way thru
It was good. I liked the structure.
A great read, couldn't put it down.
Good read, enjoyed the plot twists.
The ultimate guilty pleasure novel!
Great summer read full of surprises
Suspense! And a surprise ! Loved it
Read it in one day. Great suspense.
Kept my attention. Good plot twists
Wonderful audio of the best seller.
Very good book! Kept me interested.
Interesting but sometimes dragging.
Most disconnected book I ever read.
Predictable plot but good narrative
Loved it! Really kept you guessing!
Loved it. Very good. Kept me going.
I loved it... from start to finish.
Quick read and really a page turner
I found the story to be boring !!!!
Slow start, very interesting ending
Best book I've read in a long time.
I thought the book would never end.
Very clever and exciting. Good read
Kept you in suspense until the end.
Found the book to be a litte boring
Dark and depressing but engrossing.
Great book.  On the edge of my seat
Loved it...reminded me of Gone Girl
Great read on my 7 hour plane ride!
Great book, I couldn't put it down.
I liked this better than Gone Girl.
OK mystery, but kind of depressing.
I found it boring till the very end
Too many similarities to Gone Girl.
tory plot takes too longto develop.
Excellent read, a real page turner.
This book is better than Gone Girl!
I'm guessing. This was for my wife.
A good story. Better than Gone Girl
Hard to follow. Somewhat confusing.
I highly recommend this quick read.
Great read! I couldn't put it down!
Great book. I couldn't put it down.
Loved it!  Couldn't put it down.  D
A page turner.  Sad to be finished.
Tension and pace of the story good!
Suspenseful, but a bit predictable.
A real good read. Enjoyed the book.
Best book I've read since Gone Girl
Loved it. Great original storyline.
Amazing book! Couldn't put it down!
Dull book. I didn't finish it......
Very engaging psychological thrill.
Great book...could not put it down.
It was interesting, but depressing.
Good story. Complicated characters.
Kept me guessing til the very end!!
Riviting with great twists & turns.
A good book a little bit drawn out.
Haunting, compelling, a great read!
Start it on Saturday done by Sunday
So good,  so many twists and turns.
Very good story. Kept me wondering.
Enjoyable & compelling. Great read.
Quick read and mildly entertaining.
Did not want to put this book down!
A very enjoyable, suspenseful read!
Great book! I couldn't put it down!
Great suspense. Quite the thriller.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat!
Excellent book couldn't put it down
Great read!  Could not put it down!
A chick book. Somewhat predictable.
really a good thriller, suspenseful
Very good but a little predictable.
Good story. Read it in one sitting.
I listened to it and so enjoyed it.
Excellent with several good twists.
Such an exciting interesting book!!
Fast moving with s surprise ending.
Slow start, but glad I finished it.
It'd be a better movie than a book.
Keeps you guessing. Very good read.
Took me a long time to get into it.
Worst book I ever read. I hated it.
Very gripping.  A real page turner!
Good Read, engrossing and enjoyable
Great book. I couldn't put it down.
Enjoyable easy read. Original story
Great book. I couldn't put it down.
Excellent.  Could not stop reading.
Fantastic!!! Couldn't put it down!!
Great book. I couldn't put it down.
Lots of great unreliable narrative.
Excellent book. Keeps you guessing.
Good thriller.  A real page turner.
Exceptional...quite sad...but a truly exceptional read.
Awesome ! Hope they make a movie :)
Loved this book! Right up my alley.
Keeps you on the edge of your seat.
Great book and can't wait for movie
Fantastic!!!!  This is a good read.
Once I got into it very suspenseful
Fast. Read that keeps you attention
Kept me interested the entire read.
First 2/3 of book dragged on a bit!
Took me a long time to get into it.
Great. Although I fid figure it out
Excellent  Ending a bit predictable
Good adventure with a good endwing.
An awesome book - hard to put down!
Griping half way through to the end
Very suspenseful. Hard yo put down.
Keeps you thinking and in suspense.
Great book!  Could not put it down.
Awesome book!! Couldn't put it down
Awesome book! Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down , great read .
Intriguing. And a surprising ending
Very good, different type of story.
An excellent, suspense filled book!
Great book... Page turner for sure.
Found it plodding.  Confusing plot.
Had me hooked quickly!  Great read!
Very good read.  Really enjoyed it.
Excellent characters and storyline.
keeps you on the edge of your seat!
Very interesting. What a gas light.
Wow!  It is a heart-pounding plot!!
Good read but not that well written
enjoyed this book  great characters
Too long, not enough action for me.
An absolutely fascinating story!!!!
I don't know how it got to number 1
Very good. Was a surprising ending.
Very good book! A real page turner.
Great book! I couldn't put it down.
This story will make a great movie.
very gone girlish. highly recommend
Kept you guessing right to the end.
Best book I've read in a long time!
strange mystery - but worth reading
Not as good as I expected it to be.
Great book!  Could not put it down!
Great mystery novel - a quick read.
Slow read, to much repeat, repeat .
Pretty good psychological thriller!
It was great could not put it down,
Gone Girl lovers will fall in love!
Best book read since The Book Thief
Great read. I couldn't put it down.
The surprise ending was on the mark
Utterly believable and suspenseful!
Captivating story. Worth your time.
Couldn't put this down. Great read.
Good story by somewhat predictable.
great suspenseful well written book
If you enjoyed Gone Girl, you'll enjoy this.  The premise is a good one; a daily rider of the commuter train to London creates a story for the inhabitants of a house she sees every day.  When things go awry at that house, she becomes involved in the happenings.  What may sound like an improbable scenario, is all woven together so that it makes sense.  This keeps you guessing throughout the book as to who is the good guy (are there even ANY good guys?) and who is the bad guy.  It escalates as a good thriller should. (Also, if they keep the packaging as it was when I got the book, that's very cool too: a sleeve that represents a train window, covers the book so you see the back of the book and the words, "You'll never look out the window the same way again" through the train window.  Very clever.)
May not be the best written novel but was original.  I like the suspense and character development.  Read through it rather quickly so that in itself is an endorsement.
I came in to it expecting another Gone Girl and was kind of disappointed. Gone Girl comparisons aside, the pacing was a bit slow and it struggled to keep my attention.
Entertaining, but I can't believe people are comparing it to "Gone Girl."  It's nowhere near as interesting or clever. Figured out "whodunit" early on.
I thoroughly enjoyed all of the twists and turns in this book--it made for a quick read. I think I knew who the killer was all along, but the author kept me guessing.
Meh.
None
Zero
Meh.
Good
Don't waste your time on this drivel. Alcoholics, neurotics, uninteresting characters headed nowhere. Quirky timeline that's hard to follow. Go read something good.
Loved the twists and turns in this book as well as the great female characters. You think you know what the story is about and the it turns on its head so be ready!
Dragged along! Emotionally dreary.
Good book . Nice twist at the end.
Fast paced ride on the crazy train
Awesome book. Gripping throughout!
Very good story. Kept my interest.
Story line is difficult to follow.
A great read could not put it down
Twist and turns till the very end!
Very strange book but interesting.
Enjoyed the writing and the story.
Full of suspense!  Very enjoyable.
Fabulous book.  Sad when it ended.
A good read with some real twists.
Very suspenseful! Kept me reading!
Good read. Will make a good movie!
It was a good read.  Stay with it.
Strange story and confusing to me!
Got a little lame towards the end.
A book you don't want to put down!
Very good I couldn't put it down !
Holds your attention until the end
Riveting.  I couldn't put it down.
Great writing and very suspensive.
It kept me guessing.  A good read!
Great book!  Couldn't put it down!
I don't know what all the fuss is.
Great read.  Enjoyed it very much.
Enthralling! Couldn't put it down!
Good tale, skilfully developed....
Read it, but didn't enjoy it much.
Enjoyed it, didn't see it coming..
Couldn't put it down. Great story!
Great book.  Couldn't put it down!
it was okay.  a little depressing.
Great book, it's hard to put down!
Very disappointing and depressing!
Not an easy read in the beginning.
got a little boring after a while.
One good read. A true page turner.
Great, thrilling suspenseful read.
Great read!  Couldn't put it down.
Loved it!!! Better than Gone Girl!
Page-turner. Excellent beach read!
I can't wait to finish reading it!
Just fair.  Wouldn't buy it again.
A good read but not up to the hype
Could not put it down! Great read!
Received quickly and it's perfect!
Great book!  Couldn't put it down!
Interesting characters with depth.
Great book!  Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down it was great!
Loved it! Exciting and compelling.
Great read.  Couldn't put it down.
A bit predictable but a good read.
great book to read on an airplane.
This was a very well written book.
Slow to begin, but a good mystery.
Found it most confusing to follow.
Great story, nice twist at the end
Great book.<br/>Kept me guessing.
for all the hype, I expected more.
Fabulous read couldn't put it down
Very good, easy read. Suspenseful!
Best book I've read in  long time!
Loved this.... Crazy likeable girl
Great book, couldn't put it down!!
Didn't like any of the characters.
Dragged a littke but I enjoyed it.
Great book all the way to the end!
Great read.  Keeps you in suspense!
Great read!  Couldn't put it down.
Keeps you engaged the entire time!
Too much switching back and forth.
Great plot, interesting characters
Reminded me of the book Gone Girl.
Well written but depressing story.
A rip off of a much better novel..
Very well written keeps u guessing
Great origional plot, easy reading
Holds your interest. A page turner
Ok, easy fairly entertaining read.
Great book! Keeps you in your toes
Very good book.  Full of surprises
Great book!  Couldn't put it down.
Amazing story!  Such a great read!
Suspenseful! Couldn't put it down!
Confusing, boring and way too long
Like the story and like the twist.
Really enjoyed - a good light read
This was a fast and exciting read!
Great book!  Couldn't put it down!
This book was a great thrill ride.
Hard to put down...very different!
crude language is not good writing
Change of narrators very confusing
Great book.  Want to keep reading.
It  sucked.Could  not read it all.
Fantastisk, could not put it down!
Too slow, I didn't like it at all.
Good read. I enjoyed until the end
Great read.  Couldn't put it down!
Keeps you intrigued-<br/>Suspense
Loved it!! Could not put it down!!
The ending was a real page turner.
Not as good as gone girl. Ok read.
Ugh, didn't like this book at all.
The characters were too depressing
Great book!  Keeps you interested!
Great Read, could not put it down.
Excellent, couldn't put it down!!!
Very entertaining and suspenseful!
Fantastic - couldn't stop reading!
Well-written mystery!  Great read!
Not bad.  Quick summer beach read.
Great read ..... Very suspenseful!
Hitchcock style and unpredictable.
A lot of this going back-and-forth
Good story but drags out too long.
Interesting format but depressing!
Fast reading; men would enjoy book
Interesting, but a little strange.
Excellent book, enjoyed reading it
Awesome book, couldn't put it down
could not put it down.A must read.
Captivating but kind of confusing?
It kept you guessing till the end.
Fun to read, I really got into it!
Couldn't put it down. Great twist!
I found it tedious and depressing!
Loved it!  Couldn't put I it down!
Brilliant read. Keeps you guessing
Couldn't put it down.  Great book!
Great read! Could not put it down!
Great novel. I highly  enjojed it.
Need something light to read next.
Quick read that keeps you thinking
A page turner with lots of twists!
Interesting but not a page turner.
One of the best books I ever read!
Great read...couldn't put it down!
Brilliant, I couldn't put it down.
Great book - couldn't put it down!
I enjoyed it, a real  page turner.
Acceptable but nothing noteworthy.
Good mystery.  Keeps you guessing.
Very confusing and hard to follow.
Great book and character building.
Good book.  Easy read page turner.
Very good lots of twists and turns
Couldn't put it down. Excellent!!!
Kept my interest and wanting more!
I like the style of story telling.
Well written. Couldn't put it down
Author needs to write another one.
A Very good read and well written.
Wouldn't, recommend to my friends.
I really enjoyed reading this book
Great novel. Couldn't put it down.
Excellent.  Could not put it down.
Riveting...couldn't put it down...wish there more books like this. My 91 yr old mother, started it on Friday and finished it on Sunday !
Found it hard to follow flashbacks
Great Book!  Couldn't put it down!
Great book.  Couldn't put it down.
Amazing story-could't put it down!
Engrossing.  Couldn't put it down.
Great book! Good twist at the end.
Compelling.  Couldn't put it down.
Great story..loved the characters.
Keeps you wondering until the end.
Great read! I couldn't put it down
Couldn't put it down - great book!
Thrilling, can't put down reading!
Couldn't put itbdown.  Great book!
Best Book I've read in a long time
Enjoyed it.  Kind of Gone Girlish.
Loved it... Couldn't stop reading!
Great read ...loved the characters
Loved the book.  Very suspenseful!
Super story with a surprise ending
Great Read!  Enjoyed it very much.
Great book with unexpected twists!
Suspenseful and entertaining read!
Very interesting...hated it to end
I really enjoyed the twists and turns and the way in which she wrote the book.  Ms . Hawkins presented the drama in an unordinary way which was compelling to read.
Great read! Would love more works from Paula Hawkins! Suspense, engaging characters, feelings of pity for the main character. Worth your time. Enjoyed very much.
Ok, I have to admit I figured "it" out about half-way through the book, but it was still action-packed with twists & turns. I recommend it for a fast, fun read.
Compelling characters and quite intense at times. Just enough plot twists to keep my attention. Highly recommend, especially if you love a well written mystery.
I only read the first 10 pages.  I didn't like the style or the characters.  I went back to it after a few days and tried again, but didn't like it any better.
Very good...keeps your attention.
Good read! I recommend this book.
Loved it! I couldn't put it down.
Really enjoyed reading this book.
okay story line. Easy quick read.
Pretty good "who done it"
I found it intriging, enjoyed it.
Kept my interest the entire book!
Great book! Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down! Great book!
Very suspenseful and entertaining
Good read.  Couldn't put it down.
Very good read - believable plot.
suspense and could not put down .
Great book! Couldn't put it down!
Moves well.  Holds your interest.
Story twists keeps you entralled.
Kept me interested from page one!
captivating plot and good writing
I already miss reading this book.
Not a deep novel, but a fun read.
Riveting, could not put it down .
A quick, easy, page-turning read.
Couldn't put this down! Loved it!
Enjoyed the twists and surprises.
Amazing! I couldn't put it down!!
Nothing great. Quick summer read.
Fun reading.  Keeps you guessing.
Great read! Enjoyed it very much!
Didn't like any of the characters
Kept my interest from the get-go.
I don't like despicable heroines.
too slow for me, little confusing
4.25  It was repetitive at times.
Keeps you guessing until the end.
Quiet a plot.  Really enjoyed it.
Great book. Couldn't put it down.
Great book, couldn't put it down.
loved it  it was hard to put down
Good story, but tedious at times.
I really loved this book. Great !
Tedious and not very interesting.
good book - held my interest well
For women only. Feelings. Boring.
Great read. Enjoyed the suspense!
Fabulous! I couldn't put it down.
Well written. Interesting format.
Bitter, hopeless, and depressing.
Great read. Couldn.t put it down.
More predictable than I expected.
Gripping from the first paragraph
Loved it....couldn't put it down!
Was a hard read, not fast moving!
Interesting read and characters !
Great book! Couldn't put it down.
Brilliant,  read it in 4 days....
Great book - didn't see it coming
I found it very hard to put down.
Great mystery. Very well written.
Great book--couldn't put it down.
Quick and thought provoking read.
A good read!  Keeps you guessing!
It was different but I enjoyed it
Exhilarating black out of a ride!
Excellent read my wife's favorite
absolutely shocked at the ending.
very good read. hard to put down.
Great book. Couldn't put it down.
Amazing book!! Can't put it down.
Good read.  Many twists and turns
Very good psychological thriller.
Enjoyed the book. A good mystery!
Author keeps the reader guessing!
Couldn't put it down at the end!!
Love it !!! I can't but it down !
Good story. I enjoyed reading it.
Great book, page turner for sure!
Loved this - read it in 48 hours!
Great read! Ending was excellent!
This book grips you! Well done!!!
she annoyed me with her drinking!
Loved it. I could not put it down
Excellent psychological thriller!
Meh.  Didn't live up to the hype.
I loved it. Couldn't put it down,
Kept me guessing the entire time!
Great read. Couldn't put it down.
Loved it!!! Kept me up at night!!
Loved it!  Better than Gone Girl.
I found this book very depressing
Great book. Couldn't put it down.
Good book, hope they make a movie
Awesome story! I loved this book!
Excellent, could not put it down.
Too long to get to the real stuff
Good book, twists & turns abound.
Keeps you guessing until the end.
The  book  was  well  written  CT
Slow read with predictable ending
Ending was a little disappointing
Good read, not great but engaging
Great book!  A true page flipper.
A great read that I hated to end!
Great story had some twists to it
Fun read lots of twists and turns
Enjoyed the book to the very end!
Different! Thoroughly enjoyed it!
Very good book, hard to put down!
grest book. better than Gone Girl
looks like a new book. great deal
great read! couldn't put it down!
Good book although anticlimactic.
enjoyed this book was a good read
Love it..... Exciting to the end.
Very intriguing and an easy read.
Awesome back! Enjoyed reading it!
Hero very weak.  Got on my nerves
Excellent book.... great read....
It was a little hard to follow...
Great story and hard to put down!
Amazing book. Loved every second!
I admit I didnt expect the ending
A page turner until the very end.
Exc story, interesting characters
Very entertaining and suspensful.
Terrific! I couldn't put it down.
Best mystery I have read in years
Loved it! Very easy and fast read
it was o.k. kept you guessing....
Kept me guessing right to the end
A good story that kept me reading
Fast read---couldn't put it down.
Loves this book. Surprise ending.
I liked it better than Gone Girl.
Great book. Could not put it down
Slow start with incredible finish
COULD NOT GET INTO THIS...DREARY!
A fine read...fairly predictable.
EXCITING<br/>an intriguing novel
Was not impressed with this book.
Bit confusing but good at the end
So many twists, very good mystery
Keeps you guessing like Gone Girl
Great Thriller. Could no put down
good story but a little repitious
don't know how this made the best seller list.  this was one dumb read, plodded thru the book just to see how it ended.  Would not recommend this to anyone.
Dark and disturbing. The constant feeling of dread. This book reminds me of "Gone Girl", you're not sure what's coming next but you<br/>look forward to it.
I don't really understand all the kudos this novel received as it was very predictable, the characters were bland and undefined.  I struggled to finish it.
A quickly moving read that keeps your attention. Characters are a bit frustrating; however, their development unfolds nicely.  Overall, I would recommend.
Well written and not predictable
Great Book. Holds your interest.
Totally not what I was expecting
Great read, couldn't put it down
Was an interesting book. Enjiyed
Couldn't put it down at the end.
Awesome book! Surprising ending!
Well written fun read. Loved it!
Quick read. Kept you interested.
Keeps you guessing until the emd
Wonderful character development.
couldnt put it down. A must read
Good writing, predictable story.
IT WAS TOO SLOW GETTING STARTED.
This was not my kind of reading.
Confusing<br/>Not an easy read.
Interesting and love the twists!
Couldn't put it down. Addicting!
Great read - keeps you guessing!
Unpredictable but a bit too slow
Different and a worthwhile read.
Good mystery... Somewhat dark...
Nothing to rave about this novel
Too repetitive but a good finish
Worth holding out for the ending
great read.... a lot of suspense
Very repetitive, dark and moody.
Leaves you guessing till the end
Great characters, catching story
Loved it.  Couldn't put it down!
Captivating.  Very well written.
Nail biter, read it in two days.
Very good... Amazing plot twist!
Too many F bombs, adultery, etc.
Loved it.  Couldn't put it down.
I enjoyed it but didn't love it.
Great book.  Enjoyed every page.
Could not put it down  Excellent
Not bad, but was expecting more.
Great story , was consumed by it
LOVED it - couldn't put it down.
Great story, a real page-turner.
It was good once you got into it
Seems a woman may enjoy it more.
Overall good read. Well written.
Obvious plot, boring characters.
Just read it you wont regret it!
Good story Thoughtfully written.
The story moves incredibly slow.
Loved it.  Couldn't put it down.
Great read. Couldn't put it down
Great  read.....very suspenseful
Very hard to stay with the story
Loved it.  Couldn't put it down.
Good, entertaining, summer read.
Page turner. Good movie material
Starts out slow then gets better
Loved it! Could NOT put it down!
Very good read hard to put down.
Loved it!  Couldn't put it down!
Awesome read, kept you thinking!
Very exciting. Hard to put down!
Fantastic! Couldn't put it down.
Great read! Hard to put it down.
Great book. Keeps your interest.
I think this book is over-rated, yet it was entertaining.
One of the best books this year!
Tedious middle but great ending.
Keeps you guessing! Awesome read
Good book that would great movie
Better than expected! A fun read
Very predictable and repetitive.
Not a great book,an alright book
Great book couldn't put it down!
So good! I couldn't put it down!
Great book! Well worth the read.
Awesome read, could not put down
Loved it. Couldn't stop reading.
Gone Girl meets Thomas the Train
It did not hold nd .,my interest
Interesting twists, a good read.
Fantastic character development.
Loved it because not predictable
I couldn't stop reading! Lord...
Perfect condition and great book
Simply too boring. Don't bother.
Good read but a bit predictable.
An interesting twist at the end.
Couldn't put it down! Great read
Great book could not put it down
A little too much like Gone Girl
Excellent and entertaining read.
Good but no " Gone Girl"
Excellent twist in perspectives.
Great Book Thoroughly enjoyed it
Quick Read with twists and turns
keeps your interest through book
Was great.  Hated to put it down
Great read. Couldn't up it down.
Kept me on the edge of my chair.
A proper English murder mystery.
Loved this book. It was amazing!
Entertaining.  Should be a film.
Pretty good, predictable ending.
Could not get into the book.....
Did not like the literary style.
Good read and unexpected twists.
Great read could not put it down
Good read. Somewhat predictable.
Great book.. Kept me guessing ..
Good read with a surprise ending
Good book. Couldn't put it down.
Suspenseful thriller - loved it!
Fast read, couldn't put it down.
Keeps you in perpetual suspense.
A quick read - hard to put down.
Great suspenseful book, love it!
Difficult to put this book down!
Excellent book.  Very different.
Wonderful! Couldn't put it down!
Great book. Highly recommend it.
Great read couldn't put it down!
Great read....great mystery.....
The book was a real page turner.
I loved it from start to finish.
Really didn't care for it at all
Great story. Keeps you guessing.
Good thriller. kept me guessing.
terrific read.  hard to put down
Well written, story line is dark
Great read thoroughly enjoyed it
Exciting!  Couldn't put it down.
Great book could not put it down
couldn't stop reading this book.
This story was TOO DOUR FOR ME..
The story was to hard to follow.
Slow to read but oddly memorable
Slow, but interesting at the end
Great read! Never a dull moment!
Loved it. Could not put it down.
Outstanding. A real page turner.
Great read couldn't put it down.
Fantastic, couldn't put it down!
Awesome!!! Couldn't put it down.
enthralling, and amazing twists.
You won't be able to put it down
Loved it! Better than Gone Girl.
Excellent!!! A total page turner
Loved it! Couldn't put it down !
Couldn't put it down!  Loved it!
Had trouble holding my attention
Didn't really care for this book
Almost as engaging as Gone Girl.
Confusing and at times ponderous
I found the book very drawn out.
kept me guessing and reading on.
Great book,couldn't put it down.
not up to reviews by my standard
keeps you guessing. Well written
Would make a wonderful movie!!!!
Great read. Never a dull moment.
Loved it! I couldn't put it down
Great book! Couldn't put it down
A lowly life of sex and alcohol.
not nearly as good as i expected
Fun to read. A real page turner.
Keeps your interest. a good read
Love ed it,hated  to put it down
So much better than Gone Girl!!!
A good read but not outstanding.
A great and gripping page-turner
Great read! I enjoyed this book!
An excellent thriller of a book!
Awesome book...Highly recommend!
Hard to put the kindle to sleep!
It definitely was a page turner.
I could it put this book down!!!
Amateurish 1st novel.  Copying "Gone Girl" format. Very lightweight reading. Characters were not believable nor were the situations. Would not recommend.
Fairly clever, but the characters seemed indistinguishable and the action repetitive. I didn't like Gone Girl, either, so if you did, ignore this review.
There are not enough words to describe how fast I flew through this novel to figure out what in the heck is going on. Not usually a thriller genre type of reader, I was pleasantly surprised with how quickly obsessed and immersed I became with the story. Just when I thought I had something figure out, bam, Hawkins hits me with another curve-ball.<br/><br/>I'll be honest, at first, I was concerned that the story would be closely related to that of Gone Girl, however although there were some moments of deja vu, I believe that The Girl on the Train has its own fresh storyline and twists and turns throughout. How could it not when the plot never slows down, especially with the help of smooth transitions of perspective to perspective, each one ending on a cliffhanger. I loved how no main character remained consistent in my opinions of them as I, along with each of the three women, were trying to figure out what happened? My emotions ranged from pity to hatred and anxiety to fear over and over throughout the story. There were moments where I had no idea what to think and I wanted to throw my hands in the air and give up trying to figure it all out.<br/><br/>Read The Girl on the Train if you like the themes of:<br/><br/>Jealousy<br/>Relationships<br/>Obsession<br/>Alcoholism, Counseling
I thought it was an exciting read, kept me interested and intrigued. Good character development as well. I like alternating character narration as well.
This book kept me guessing and changing my mind the entire time. I would defiantly recommend it to anyone that likes a good thriller and a love story
Better ending than Girl Gone. Good suspense. Fair characterization. Some spots didn't ring true, because all the characters are flawed. No true hero.
The author keeps you in suspense. The story being told from three women point of view. You can't help but sympathize with all three. Very good book.
Decent story, but didn't hold my interest.  Skimmed the whole book after chapter two, never a sign of a good book.  Didn't deserve the good reviews.
Thought provoking, well written
Well written with a great twist
The book was all over the place
Original. A spellbinding treat.
Could not put it down, terrific
a little too far fetched for me
Lots of mysteries which I love!
Kept me wanting to keep reading
Loved it from beginning to end!
Main character is not credible.
I loved it!!!! Hard to put down
Very Gone Girl-ish. But better.
interesting way to tell a story
Loved the book! Lots of twists.
loved it. couldn't put it down!
A well written, enjoyable read.
Very easy to read and enjoyable
Loved the mystery in the story!
Great read. A real page turner.
Great read couldn't put it down
The ending rather surprised me.
Not the blockbuster I expected.
Excellent!  A recommended read!
Great reading. Kept my interest
loved it couldnt put it down!!!
Simply riveting from the start!
Loved it. Couldn't put it down!
Not as good as the reviews said
It kept my interest to the end.
Well written, but a depressing.
Kept me on the edge of my seat!
Extremely captivating storyline
Kept my interest and curiosity.
Best book I've read in a while!
Kept my untreated until the end
Quick read that kept me engaged
Loved it, couldn't put it down.
Riveting! Couldn't put it down.
I could not put this book down!
Pretty good. It kept me reading
Kept me on the edge of my seat!
A quick read.  Very satisfying.
An OK beach read, nothing more.
Excellent writing and suspense.
Good easy quick mystery reading
I could not put this book down!
Couldn't get through the book!!
Good read couldn't put it down.
Skipped back and forth too much
I don't want to write a review.
Exciting--couldn't put it down.
A slow start but got much bette
Great book. A real page-turner.
Loved the book read it in a day
Different. But very interesting
I found this book to be boring.
Great read.  Clever story line.
Does t live up to expectations.
Weak ending and not believeable
Enjoyed the twists in this book
Loved it. Could not put it down
Loved it could not put it down.
I could not put this book down.
Good story, keeps you guessing.
Great read, hope she does more.
I really enjoyed the experience
Great, advise everyone read it!
Riveting from beginning to end.
A little too dark for my taste!
Great read - couldn't put down!
Very good, enjoyed it very much
Terrific. And lots of surprises
Great summer read. Page turner!
A very good & suspenseful read.
Glued til the end!  Great book!
Confusing at first. Slow start.
Suspenseful! Great summer read.
Brilliant book really njoyed it
Great book....thought provoking
Could not read it, very boring.
Well written. Hard to put down.
highly recommended page turner!
can't wait to read her next one
Enjoyed it from the first page.
UNPUTDOWNABLE TILL THE END ! :)
Great book...a real page turner
Deep but not too heavy to enjoy
Love it, lots of twists &turns.;
Really a fascinating narrative.
I could not put this book down!
Lots of twists. Very good read.
Ingrossing all the way through.
Kept you wondering till the end
Loved it--surprised it was Tom!
Less scary version of gone girl
Interesting but hard to follow.
Great,  I couldn't put it down.
Great book,  kept you wondering
I thought this was a good read.
Interesting and engaging novel.
A must read Finished in one day
Excellent book..enjoyed it alot
Good read, couldn't put it down
Riveting!  Couldn't put it down
Very intriguing, liked it a lot
Loved it! Couldn't put it down.
great book read it in one night
Surprising all the way through.
easy to read...hard to put down
Great book I really enjoyed it.
Loved this one.  Great suspense
Great read. Could not put down.
Makes more sense at the end....
Excellent book. page turner....
Good twist....., good suspense!
So good. A definite page-turner
Couldn't finish it..too boring!
A good read. Throughly enjoyed.
Thoroughly enjoyed.  Fast read.
It was good...just long winded.
Hard to put down. Complex plot.
A great page turner! Loved it!!
Kept me guessing until the end.
Good read  Suspence to the end.
This is one that I'll remember!
Good read. A good who done it?!
Very good, but a bit depressing
Great story with good intrigue.
Great book .. Kept you guessing
Good read!  A real page turner.
It should be made into a movie!
Hope this book becomes a movie!
Never would've guessed the end!
Awesome!  Couldn't put it down!
Great Book highly recommend it!
entertaining but not engrossing
Great read, a real page-turner.
LOVED IT.  THE ENDING WAS GREAT
Great read !!! Kept me guessing
Loved it, a lot like Gone Girl.
Intriging and engrossing novel.
too many names to keep up with!
Loved it. Couldn't put it down.
Above average but no Gone Girl.
I loved this book!  Fast paced!
Captivating!  A very good read!
I loved the book an easy read!!
Loved it ! Close to Gone Girl .
Did not like this novel at all.
Good mystery. Hard to put down.
Enjoyed the book. Well written.
good book; my first Kindle book
A good read. I really enjoy it!
Great read! Loved the suspense.
Didn't live up to all the hype.
Good story. Keeps you guessing.
Entertaining, easy read that kept me guessing. Crazy twists like Gone Girl, but definitely its own story. Can't wait to read more by Paula Hawkins.
I liked the story. A little hard to follow in the beginning. The reader needs to pay close attention to the dates at the beginning of each chapter.
Comparisons to Gone Girl are understandable, but TGOTT isn't quite as devious. I guessed the outcome midway, but wasn't sure how it would play out.
Full of twists & turns...dizzy with excitement...thrilling from the opening paragraph!!! Kept me hooked from the first page to the last. Brilliant!
Highly entertaining and well written. Strong characters profiles. Author does a good job building up each character. Definitely suggest to others.
Intrigue that keeps the reader involved & speculating about each character &  the final resolution of the story...an interesting & unique premise.
Love the format the author chose. It was a bit like Gone Girl, and just as compelling.  Couldn't put it down! A great vacation book for the plane.
Interesting story, but very hard to follow given a choppy timeline and interchangeable female characters, at least for the first half of the book.
It is refreshing  getting a treat from a book and story that is well written  and very fulfilling, getting my full backing as a result. Paula Hawkins characters are so real to life, and the hero Rachel with her flaws and very good heart  gave the story the special pulse that makes it the page-turner  that it is. The story flows in an effortless manner, and so to is the plot that the  writer sin does that keeps the reader anticipating more. This classic mix of good characters, insightful plot, amazing setting and smooth narration seen in other stories like  Disciples of Fortune, Gone Girl and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a breath of fresh air for the start of a new year.My kudos.
It took too long to get into the book. I was so tired of morning, evening, morning and so forth. One of the worst novels I have made myself read!
If you are looking for a well written thriller, this novel is it. The novel has been compared to Gone Girl but I think it is much better written.
I stayed up late into the night to finish this book. I had to find out the ending. Three women connected by a train route, a man, and their wants
reads like a teenagers notes to her friends  distorts the therapy approach to real serious emotional concerns  these ccharacters are are shallow
This book was really difficult to put down!  For anyone who likes suspense, I highly recommend it!  Looking forward to Paula Hawkins next novel.
I was very disappointed in this book. I kept reading thinking "surely this is going to get better and change pace."  Not until the end.
I did not like this book.  It was too drawn out and depressing.  I like to feel that there is something redemptive in the time I spent reading.
Good fast paced read. Few twists and surprises.<br/>Writer has a gift of really seeing the scenes play out in your mind. Definitely recommend.
From the minute I picked it up and started reading I knew it was going to be good, everything flows and keeps you guessing right up to the end.
It was dark but easy to follow
Didn't care for the storyline.
What a twister, loved the book
Excellent! Thoroughly enjoyed.
Very readable but implausible.
Very differnt but I enjoyed it
Great book! It kept me reading
Boring. Have d to keep up with
Quick read. Twisty and turney.
Too much repeating experiences
page turner, hard to put down!
A good read w/ a good surprise
Loved, loved, loved this book!
I just did not like this book.
Intriguing read. Well written.
Not nearly as good as it sold.
Crazy suspense! Recommend 100%
Good book couldn't put it down
Good mystery with some twists.
Wow !<br/>What a great book !
Disappointed based on reviews.
Could.  Not.  Put.  It.  Down.
Strange book but well written.
A bit confusing but good yarn.
Interesting and unpredictable.
Intriguing plot but slow paced
Interesting, but unbelievable.
Good easy read.  I enjoyed it.
Great book - hard to put down.
Good summer read!  Enjoyed it!
coudl not put it down excelent
Excellent.  Hard to put  down.
Very good read - well written.
Just so so...not a great read.
Good read. Easy, quick moving.
Kept me guessing. A good read!
Great book.  Had my attention.
no love for the main character
It was an ok read a bit slow .
Loved! Can't wait for the film
Loved it.  A real page turner.
Gripping. Not for a fast read.
well written, interesting plot
I did not find it interesting.
great ready! highly recommend.
Couldn't put it down. Loved it
Great read , so many twists !!
Not up to best seller standard
Great read...hard to put down.
A good read but slow at first.
One of my favorite books ever!
Great summer read by the pool!
Really enjoyed.  A quick read.
Very good! Keeps you guessing.
It was just an OK read for me.
Wow the ending was a surprise.
Too much switching characters.
Good read, keeps you guessing.
I thought it was dark and sad.
Very good book and story line.
Easy read and kept my interest
Suspenseful and unpredictable.
Love it, couldn't put it down!
Brilliant! A real page turner.
Better ending than Gone Girl!!
Very intense.  Loved this book
A quick but entertaining read.
Good read.  Kept me interested
Top quality story, excellent!!
I could not put the book down!
Right up there with Gone Girl!
Gripping. Lots of plot twists.
Interesting book. Well-written
Easy read. Great story telling
Loved the way it was written!!
Edge of your seat page turner.
I thought it was a bit tedious
Fast reading and intertaining.
Read in one evening. Riveting!
Great psychological thriller!!
Intriguing until the very end!
It arrived promptly great read
Just okay.  It was predicable.
You won't want to put it down!
the hype far exceeds the book.
Very enjoyable and quick read!
Meh. Mediocre fiction at best.
Some good parts, other wise ok
Incredible, well crafted read.
I loved it.  Kept my interest.
Just slow and a little boring.
A lot of hype for a so so book
not a great book for me at all
Well written.  Held my interest until we found out who did it!!!
The book was a very easy read.
Great read- kept my attention!
a good  entertaining  thriller
Boring, dull, and predictable.
Sooo good.  Really enjoyed it!
Good read. Keeps you guessing.
Great storyline, well-narrated
It was a wild ride of a story.
Suberb book. Real page turner!
Many unexpected twists n turns
Couldn't put it down.  Awesome
Best book I've read in awhile!
It was too easy to solve early
Well-written suspenseful book.
Very odd but captivating book!
Excellent. Read in one sitting
Great book!  Hard to put down.
Great book. Well worth reading
Just wasn't a fan of the book.
Great book - real page turner!
I did not care for this novel.
Right up there with Gone Girl.
a great psychological thriller
Good, but certainly not great.
Quick read. Kept my attention.
Very good, kept me interested.
Great read.  Hard to put down!
This was a page turner for me!
what was the point of the book
Great story! Very suspenseful.
Twists and turns...throughout.
Great book.  Highly recommend.
Intriguing, a real page turner
It's a ratcheted up Gone Girl.
I couldn't put this book down.
Fast shipping! Excellent book!
A good read, hard to put down!
Great characters.  Good story.
Great read.  Like  a hitchlock
I enjoyed this read very much.
I aas annoyed by her behavior.
Quick read with a great twist!
I could not get into this book
Loved it could not put it dawn
It was slow getting to the end
Depressing!  She needs a life.
I couldn't put my kindle down.
Loved it. Couldn't put it down
To much uunnecessary dialogue.
Kept me interested to the end.
A real page turner!  Loved it!
A page turner !! Very good !!!
Amazing! Couldn't put it down!
very good rip-off of Gone Girl
Bizarre story but a good read.
Very good.  Surprising ending.
good read.  Interesting twist.
Too much "Soap Opera"!
A very fast page turning book!
Awesome! Couldn't put it down!
Page turner.  Surprise ending.
Quick read.  Attention holder.
Fabulous a real page turner!!!
I thought it was a good story.
Great story. Very suspenseful!
Good read with wonderful twist
Nice and twisty. A great read!
This is a great book, it is thrilling and well-written. I read it in less than three days, it is fascinating like that. I Highly recommend it!
I don't know why this book is somehow so popular. I wanted to kill myself before I got 1/4 the way through. Reading it actually made me angry.
I  put this book down a number of times. Had the new season of books been out, I never would have finished it. What is there to say when the  main character is depicted as such a useless, chronic pest that you can't help but hope for the worse to come to her? She is an alcoholic, jobless pest that continues to ride the train past the house she had shared with her ex-husband. He is now remarried with a child. She is living in a one room rental and unable to pay her bills. Nonetheless, she continues the facade of going to work each morning so her landlady won't throw her out and continues to contact the ex-husband with any excuse she can think up. While the train is stopped at her old station, she notices a young couple hugging in their own backyard. Sometime later, she sees the wife involved with another man in the same backyard.  The woman is found dead shortly thereafter and our heroine decides she must tell the woman's husband of the man she had seen in his wife's arms. She is told to stay away by her former husband, his wife and the police, but still she continues her unwanted inquiry. By the end of the third quarter of the book, the story begins to change but who cares by that time?
Derivative.  Copy cat of "Gone Girl"?  Poor, amateurish writing.  Only read at the beach; your brain will be in "lite" mode.
I did not enjoy this read. It was somewhat painful to finish. It was not exciting, the characters flat. The story felt like it was reaching.
Found it hard to follow at times....maybe because I found it hard to visualize the characters. Kept getting them confused. Who was with who!
I read “Girl on the Train” simply on recommendation and the fact that everywhere I looked, I saw or heard about Hawkins’ novel. So due to its popularity, I thought I’d give it a shot. Am I ever glad I did.<br/>“Girl on the Train” tells the story of Rachel, a daily commuter who, while riding the train one day, witnesses an event that changes the lives of not just herself, but of several others. This book has been compared to “Gone Girl” and it is an accurate comparison. This book has the jerk husband (more than one actually in this case), the missing wife and the speculation that Flynn’s novel has; as well as the suspense and the gripping storytelling.<br/>The characters are compelling and dysfunctional, which adds such a powerful emotional component to the story. I actively hated Anna for the majority of the book (right up until the end in fact) and when a reader holds such a strong opinion of a character, you know the writer has some insane talent. To think that this is Hawkins’ first novel is surprising- however I am happy to hear this because it means that I did not miss any of her previous works. I will be lining up, alongside everyone else, to read anything else she creates
This is the type of book you just can't predict what will happen. It keeps you interested until the very end. It was amazing two thumbs up
Thought it was a great story!
I was SHOCKED at the outcome!
Need to make time and finish.
Liked it but did not love it.
Interesting story, must read.
Very suspenseful. Great read!
Already sent in review above.
Fun read from the very start.
What a read!! UNPUTDOWNABLE!!
Very intriguing...I loved it!
Love the big surprise result.
Actually, haven't finished it
Good story kept your interest
Kept my attention, good book.
Interesting til the last page
Really loved it a page turner
Slow start, but a good finish
Enjoyed this book to the end!
too confusing and poorly done
Will also make a great movie!
Kept me wanting to read more.
Could not put this book down.
Very different but memorable.
Very well written,loved it!!!
Did not want to put it fown!!
Awesome!!!  Kept me guessing!
Great read,couldn't put down!
Surprise ending. I like that.
Found it mildly entertaining.
Full of surprises & suspense!
Excellent story, easy to read
slow read did not finish book
Good read. Unexpected ending.
Great characters....good read
Great book.  Read it in a day
I could not put the book down
predictable, but well written
good read, intriguing format.
Very good.  Great beach read.
Never would guess who did it!
Some very slow parts but ood.
Great Mystery and fast read!!
Hard to understand t,he story
Never figured out who did it!
Very good book. Well written.
Intrigue.  Enjoyed this book.
Kept me thinking - great read
Easy to get lost in the story
It was ok, but not a favorite
Good read & real page turner.
Engaging read. Well worth it.
Great read. Hard to put down.
Excellent story and easy read
Did not care for it - dragged
Suspenseful and entertaining!
Good story, kept my interest.
I liked this book - good read
I didn't want to put it down.
Great story and well written.
I thought it was dragged out.
Great  summer suspense novel!
Great book. A very fast read!
The ending was disappointing.
It was ok, kinda predictable.
Great book. Hard to put down.
Could not put this book down.
Great summer read!  Loved it!
good reading for a train ride
Interesting..kept me guessing
Different, interesting story.
Quick read, cleverly written.
Amazing! Great at every turn!
Kept me wanting to read more!
Fabulous, edge of seat read!!
Kept me coming back for more.
Kept me breathless and happy.
Gripping!  A wonderful novel.
I thought it was predictable.
Didn't want this book to end!
Quit reading after 100 pages.
Excellent excellent excellent
Loved the suspense and twists
Best book of the year so far!
A bit tedious and predictable
Great story. Very fast paced.
great book. a surprise ending
Very strange but entertainign
Great ending!i was surprised!
Loved it!  Read it in 4 days.
Keep reading, It gets better.
Very good! Surprising ending.
confusing, didnt care for it.
Excellent read. Well written.
Couldn't put it down so good!
Well written and suspenseful.
Very suspenseful! Great book!
Kept me interested throughout
Can't wait for her next book!
Good book ,enjoyed reading it
great read while on vacation!
The suspense kept me reading.
GREAT READ, AREAL PAGE TURNER
Great read - yes buy the book
Fast moving intriguing story.
2nd rate "Gone Girl".
Great read while on vacation.
Well written and suspenseful.
Great book keeps you thinking
Could not put this book down.
Really good book - different!
Quick,and very enjoyable read
Terrific and engrossing read.
Very good!  Kept me guessing.
I thought it was predictable.
Very unusual book.  Intiguing
Great psychological thriller.
Unputdownable. Read this now.
OK  BUT RATHER LIKE LOST GIRL
Kept my interest all the way.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book!
Kept me guessing!! Good read!
Quick and entertaining read!!
Ok, not as good as Gone Girl!
Fast read. Lots of intermingled characters that r oblivious of each other. Good twists and writing style makes it believable. Good story!
A very tiring story. Soon after living Rachel's battle with alcohol, I felt as though  I would have to join AA to get through this story.
This kept me busy for a weekend. A who done it told from several women's perspectives. Everyone is flawed but one more than the others.
This was a book that I could not put down. I could not see ahead of where the story was going and never was very fond of the main character until late in the novel. I'm not sure I cared a lot about any of the characters. This was the first time I read Paula Hawkins. I'm unsure if I will actively pursue another of her books, although I believe her future books will be even better. The reading got a bit confusing at times on which character was talking. The chapters are divided by each speaking character. After a few chapters, I got the hang of it. The answers come bit by bit explaining the plot and they came at just the right time almost like bits of a tasty treat that make you think, "Oh, so that's what was going on." It would have been nice to finalize each character but it had no effect on the story. What ever happened to the therapist or the red headed guy? A part that I enjoyed because I was caught up in the plot was when coming to spots in reading where I would talk to the character and make a suggestion. Much like watching a movie when you think, "No! No! Do not open that door!" I would definitely recommend this book to mystery fans.
Maybe I would have gave it a better rating if I had read it all, but I could not keep an interest.  I read about 25% and just gave up.
Very good description of a useless life due to alcohol and to love the wrong person.  All were no brainers. No education. Poor people.
Couldn't put it down, so many parts and story lines it was intriguing to find out how they were all going to come together in the end.
A page turner from page 1 till the last. Great story and characters. Thrilling and suspenseful. What else can I read by Paula Hawkins?
I loved this book, thought it was really suspenseful.  I love "psychological thrillers" and this was really one of the best I've read.
A gripping read. Interesting style of telling the story, kept me engaged right to the end. From the women's perspective. Thanks Paula.
I enjoyed this book. I found it to be a taut psychological thriller. The story is told from the viewpoint of three women. Main character, Rachel, who I found to be a very sad character. She is isolated, lonely, divorced, unemployed (fired due to drinking) and battling a fierce alcohol addiction. Anna is the woman that Rachel's ex-husband Tom left Rachel for. Anna & Tom, along with their baby, currently live in the home that was once Rachels. Rachel sees this home everyday when she commutes to London to keep up the fiction with her landlord that she is still gainfully employed. Megan is a young woman who lives a few doors down from Tom & Anna. The lives and the stories of all three women are woven skillfully into an intertwined tale. Many twists and turns. I don't like to give spoilers, but the real villain of the tale is exposed quite late in the book. While the exposed villain was plausible, I feel the ending was wrapped up a bit too tidily. By the end of the book I was rooting for Rachel and was hoping she would be able to put her sadness and alcoholism behind her. I recommend this novel and will explore more of Paula Hawkins work.
Hawkins presents an intriguing story that delicately meshes the lives of characters as it winds the mystery to a riveting conclusion.
Amazing!!! A must read, suspenseful and exciting. Highly recommend it to all! Read it in just over 24 hours. I didn't want it to end.
A good vacation page turner.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book
I did not expect the ending!
Fast read. Lots of suspense!
Great from beginning to end!
Over hyped but an okay book.
Very gripping brilliant read
A bit grim, but fascinating.
Exciting till the very end!!
Heart wrenching, great tale.
Great book. Very suspenseful
1,000 better than Gone Girl!
This was really a good read.
Good book. Kept me guessing.
Keeps you turning the pages.
Great book and an easy read!
Good book.  Kept me guessing
Kept you guessing  good book
Good reading,not spectacular
Couldn't put this book down.
Gripping! A good summer read
Kept my interest throughout.
Arrived in perfect condition
I thought it was a bit long.
Could not put this book down
Surprising twist at the end.
Can not wait for the movie!!
Wasn't as good as I'd hoped.
Great book and a quick read!
Couldn't put this book down!
Great psychological thriller
I did not care for this book
Yes I truly enjoyed the book
The story drug on in places.
was not what I had expected.
Thought it was a little slow
Very good can't put it down.
Loved it! Lots of twists. ..
Good summer " read".
Gets better as you read more
I give it a five star review
good reading. suprise ending
Like an amusement park ride!
Enjoyed this book very much.
Loved it highly suspenseful.
Couldn't get into this book.
Easy read, and entertaining.
Very good very entertaining!
very good. hard to put down!
Too gimmicky, like Gone Girl
Enjoyed this book very much.
I enjoyed the book very much
Excellent. End of statement.
Can't put it down, excellent
Awesome  enjoyed reading it!
Excellent and unpredictable.
It took a bit to get into it
Quick read-very entertaining
Good idea, not well executed
Good Book.  Loved the ending
Unusual storyline. Fun read.
It took too long to read it.
Very good. Hard to put down.
I enjoyed it, a page turner.
Awesome suspense!  Loved it!
Hawkins weaves a great story
Excellent. Very suspenseful!
Good book. Kept my interest.
Too conrtrived, depressing ,
Excellent story well written
Great book! Very enthralling
Intriguing read. Recommend .
Didn't live up to the hype .
Too slow to get to the point
Couldn't put this book down!
Loved it!! Kept me guessing.
It was good,  but not great.
Good story but it felt slow.
The new "Gone Girl"!
Great book kept me guessing.
Great book. Surprise ending!
great read, hard to put down
I enjoyed reading this book.
Great read beginning to end!
Great book, real page turner
good read, kept me guessing.
A fabulous, engrossing read!
Great book! Very suspenseful
Great thriller until the end
Easy read. Liked the ending.
Surprise ending. Great read.
Great Book Group discussion.
Very fast and engaging read!
Great read! I want a sequel!
Didn't love it until the end
Great. Couldn't put it down.
Thoroughly enjoyed this book
Enjoyed this book very much.
Couldn't put this book down!
Very slow and too contrived.
Good but not that surprising
Kept my interest to the end!
This was a really good book!
Kept me wanting more and more. I couldn't put this boom down. An absolute incredible thriller, never figuring out what would happen!
Great book.... a page Turner...on the edge of your seat because you want to figure it all out!!! It's a true thriller til the end!!!
Read book in one day. Figured it out before end of book. Kind of pathetic main character. A little bothersome. Some loose ends left.
You'll want a drink, but you'll never want to drink again. Thoroughly depressing. Every character is devoid of "character."
Awesome read...suspenseful all the way to the end. Characters were inviting you in page after page. Can't wait to read another one!
Very clever and well written.  I<br/>Couldn't put it down once I started reading. Would definitely recommend this book to others.
A book that holds your attention from beginning to end. A psychological mystery with plenty of dysfunctional characters. Rachel is the Girl on the Train. She has lost her job and doesn't want her roommate Cathy, to know. So, Rachel rides the train everyday pretending to go to work. She always passes the neighborhood where she once lived and where her ex-husband, Tom lives with his new wife, Anna and their baby. A house nearby catches her attention. She can clearly see activity going on in the home and makes up a story about them, calling them Jason and Jess who seem to be living the wonderful life she wish she had. She also is harassing Tom and Anna regularly in her futile effort to win Tom back. Rachel is a serious alcoholic and doesn't always remember events, which is important to the story. Rachel is shocked to observe something concerning the  couple she has named Jason and Jess, which upsets her. Rachel's out of control alcoholism leads her to try to fix things which causes more problems. Basically, not everything is as it seems. She can't seem to stop herself as events careen out of control.
Couldn't put it down. Excellent read. Kept me on edge. Great twists. Nice plot. I will try to find more of this k I nd of reading
I skipped getting this a few times because of the few bad reviews but I finally gave in because of the good ones.  But boy, maybe you have to be a woman to like this - I don't think it is for me.  Some reviewers warned about the shallow characters and I should have listened.  I haven't even made it to the murder yet.<br/><br/>I got through two of the narrators (didn't ever hear the 3rd), the first narrator (for Rachel) did a good job, maybe too good!  I know some people that are like this in real life and I avoid them like the plague; so why would I subject myself to the inner mind of this main character.  Then the second narrator (for Megan) wasn't as good, but the character was just as neurotic and pathetic.<br/><br/>If you like female drama from neurotic, jealous, spiteful, and brainless women then get this book.<br/><br/>I'm going out on a limb here, but if you are a straight male then you probably will not like this book.<br/><br/>I'm not going to say it's a bad book, it all boils down to personal taste.  This one did not taste good to my pallet so I'm cutting my losses early.
Didn't want to put it down!
Hard to get into the story.
I really enjoyed this book.
Brilliant brilliant read!!!
enjoying the book easy read
Very suspenseful - fun read
I enjoyed reading the book.
Excellent book....loved it!
Lots of twists! Great book!
Great book with many twists
Ugh. Humanity at its worst.
An engaging piece of fluff.
Loved it. Kept you guessing
Didn't want to put it down.
Hard to put down. Loved it!
I liked the surprise ending
Great book hard to put down
The story felt disjointed..
Couldnt put it down. Great!
Excellent book!  Addictive!
Was intriguing and suspence
Didn't want to stop reading
Enjoyed this book. Unusual.
Intriguing and interesting.
Great suspense filled book.
Couldn't put the book down!
Very good a lot of twists!!
I really enjoyed this book.
The book was a page turner.
I really enjoyed this book!
Great, fast read. Loved it!
I really enjoyed this book!
Almost as good as Gone Girl
Didnt download to my kindle
Beautiful read.  Nice twist
A good quick vacation read.
good and entertaining novel
Good read. Kept me quessing
Well written & suspenseful.
Great writing and storyline
I don't like to do reviews.
Very much enjoyed this book
Good summer page turner. ..
Fabulous could not put down
I really enjoyed this book!
Hard to get into at first!!
Great read, very well done.
This was an excellent read!
Didn't finish it, too slow.
Enjoyed after I got into it
Did not want to put it down
Didn't want to put it down.
Kept me on edge of my chair
Just  can't  get  into  it!
I really enjoyed this book.
I could not get interested.
Very good! Highly reccomend
Nice twist towards the end.
Was great. Surprise ending!
Terrific and suspenseful !!
Different, very engrossing!
Didn't want to put it down.
Great read; like Gone Girl.
Fascinating and intriguing.
Absolutely loved this book!
Complicated and engrossing.
This will be a GREAT movie!
Great read...page turner!!!
I really enjoyed this book.
Well written and absorbing.
I loved it, very good book.
Excellent book.  Easy read.
A little too creepy for me.
Good book but a little long
Really enjoyed reading this
Fast read. Hard to put down
Great and interesting read!
Very interesting and unique
Great read by a new writer!
Held my interest throughout
Interesting and intriguing.
It was ok but not gripping.
This is my type of mystery.
Not as great as I expected.
Intriguing yet predictable.
Definitely held my interest
Awesome suspenseful book !!
Intriguing and different...
Got better towards the end.
Hated it and the characters
Enjoyable twist but I'm a little hard pressed to believe all the memory repression.  Still I enjoyed the book!
Absolutely adored this book
Spellbinding- what a story!
just couldn't get into it--
Best book I read this year.
Love, love, love this book.
Not at all what I expected.
Good book held my interest.
A page turner with a twist!
Great book-very intriguing!
Didn't want to put it down.
Depressing and a bit boring
I cannot get past page ten!
Kept my interest to the end
Liked it..... good mystery!
easy reading and enjoyable.
Best book I've read lately!
Captivating, if sad. story.
It's slow in the beginning.
Too long and to much detail
Suspenseful & well written.
Such a dark,  twisted read!  A definite page turner... kept me on the edge of my seat!  Really enjoyed this one!
very good and entertaining.
Good book...intriguing plot
Very similar to 'Gone Girl'
Couldn't put the book down!
Even better than Gone Girl!
Much better than Gone girl.
So good! What a page turner
I really enjoyed this book.
Fast delivery, good service
Conclusion "cliche"
Good psychological twister.
Loved it!  Kept me guessing
Loved it. Very suspenseful.
Well written, clever twist.
Good read with some twists.
The end is good, thats all.
This is a magnificent thriller with a surprising finale I never saw coming. I'm going to read everything Paula Hawkins writes.
I did not enjoy this book at all,.<br/>I did not get half way through it, The reviews were much better than the book itself.
This novel is fast paced and kept me guessing the whole way through. Anyone looking for intense who done it should read this.
I could not put it down. Excellent pace, just loved the swing back and forth between characters and action. Highly recommend!
This book could have been written in about 25% of the number of pages used because there was so much that was just repeated.
Loved it/ good plot with twists and turns. Characters are well presented. Thriller qualities and suspend il to boot! Read it
The book kept me going and going!  So confused at first and I was amazed how everything came together at the end!  Loved it!
The story sagged in the middle but the last part was quite good.  Enough so that I'd recommend this book to you Dear Reader.
Enjoyed the ride. I found it after reading and thoroughly enjoying Gone Girl.  This is a suspenseful read I would recommend.
Great book! I had to change my theory on Whoddunit several times.  Would recommend. Looking forward to book club discussion.
This was a good escape and difficult to put down. The characters were believable and well-developed. I enjoyed it very much.
The current selection of mystery stories seem to all present a flawed, yet determined main character who emerges victorious at the conclusion of the book.  The plot is resolved.  This is fairly standard and we have come to expect it.  It's the modern day villain that leaves you repulsed and wondering if any of today's authors have even an ounce of creativity.  I am appalled that these writers feel the need to glamorize and employ the use of perversion and sadism at every turn.  Domestic violence and morbid cruelty are the ugly part of the human condition in our modern world, but it just seems too easy and a cheap thrill to continue to promote this disturbing behavior in novel after novel.  Read the classic mystery novels of the past and discover the diabolical twists and turns of real mystery writers.  There is a world of difference in the creative genius of these writers and the foul refuse we are offered today.  If you allow yourself to wallow in this witless debasement, you risk the possibility of being desensitized  to present day lack of morality.
Always a lover of books with a twist, this on doesn't fall short. Loved the way the story was told by multiple viewpoints.
Liked the details of each character, the twists in the story. Could picture the scenes throughout the entire book. Sequel?
I was excited to read this book when I read "Fans of Gone Girl will love this!" Long and drawn out. I would not recommend.
Loved it beginning to end!
A nicely building mystery.
Good story. Love the plot.
Absolutely suspenseful !!!
Hard to get into. Ok book.
Great story! Easy to read.
Good book interesting plot
Loved the book. Good read!
It was ok. I expected more
It wasn't my kind of book.
A fun and easy beach read.
Not as good as I expected.
Entertaining. A good read.
love love love this book!!
Good read.  A little slow.
ENJOYED THE BOOK VERY MUCH
Good book very interesting
A suspenseful page turner.
This book was suspenseful.
Good read kept me guessing
I loved all the surprises.
Predictable but enjoyable.
Slow start but good ending
can't wait for the movie!!
I was alittle dissapointed
Great book club selection!
Did not expect that ending
Very depressing and boring
Well written. Good mystery
Definitely worth your time
Couldn't put the book down
Fun read. Would recommend.
finished quickly very good
I found it boring at best.
Enjoyed novel.  Different.
Couldn't put the book down
So many twists and turns!!
I really enjoyed this book
Boring.  Didn't finish it.
a waste of time & eyesight
As good a read as expected
It was absolutely riveting
Interesting mystery novel.
A real page turner for me.
Good book, would recommend
Didn't want to put it down
depressing and slow moving
found it very disapointing
I really enjoyed the book.
figured it out too quickly
I enjoyed this book a lot.
great book a definite read
Very good book!  Loved it!
Great book by great writer
what a twist near the end.
Good read hard to put down
Slow start but good ending
Weak women. Disappointing.
Good read but no Gone Girl
Fun twisty tale well told.
Interesting and surprising
I recommended it to others
Loved the twists and turns
Very good and entrrtaining
Great story - a fast read!
Weaves you into the story.
Great plot. Enjoyable read
Great book ...a must read!
Wonderfully, well written!
Well written - interesting
Very similar to Gone Girl.
Loved this book great read
very boring book!!!!!!!!!!
Strange unpleasant people!
Can be a little confusing.
Did not care for the book!
Slow starter. Good shocker
I really enjoyed the story
A little slow . An ok read
Enjoyable summertime read.
Kind of dragged on for me!
Great read - spell binding
Sort of slow until the end
I thought it was too long.
Really enjoyed the book!!!
Really enjoyed this novel!
Definitely worth the read.
I was surprised at the end
Good quick read, engaging!
A great idea, for a story.
Not one likable character.
Page turner, easy reading.
I really enjoyed this book
Kept me turning the pages.
Enjoyed reading this book.
I really liked this book .
Best novel I've ever read!
Why is it such a favorite?
It's a stupid boring book.
Excellent reading material
Suspenseful and thrilling.
Riveting-kept me guessing.
Quick read and interesting
I could not put this down.
Great book. Worth the read
Not as good as I expected!
didn't love it - odd story
Ok but sometimes confusing
Intriguing story fast read
felt like I had a hangover
Good book, not predictable
Absolutely fantastic read!
Almost 5 stars. Great read
i did not like it at all .
A good book worth the read
Good mystery, good twists.
Well written. Good ending.
Not as good as advertised!
real good mystery loved it
Couldn't put the book down
Page turner. Great read!!!
It drug on and on and on!!
much better than Gone Girl
Was not happy with ending.
Hard to get into, but oaky
Fabulous read!! Loved it!!
Better than The Gone Girl!
Would make a great movie !
Good story.  I enjoyed it.
Good story surprise ending
Loved it. Would recommend.
Good book and a fast read.
Gone girl this ain't. Meh.
Couldn't put book down!!!!
A quick entertaining read.
Page turner. Good mystery.
I really enjoyed the read.
Definitely worth the read!
Could not put it down!!!!!
Terrific!  Great story....
Fun. Absorbing. Read this!
Not as good as l expected.
Great, additive reading. .
Loved it. Surprise ending.
A really good page turner.
Was a great vacation read.
Hard time putting it down!
Intriguing and suspenseful
Tedious and poorly written
great book all should read
A page turner - I loved it
Exciting and well written.
Very similar to Gone Girl.
Enjoyed this read...a lot.
Beautiful, clever writing.
Thought it was interesting
Not as great as I expected
Loved it. Surprise ending!
Page turner... Loved it!!!
Suspenseful and good read!
I really enjoyed the novel
Edge of your seat twister.
Great!!! Kept me guessing!
Good page turning mystery!
Everyone should read this.
Lots of hype...it's was ok
Enjoyable right to the end
Page turner - well written
Nil
Best mystery/thriller I've read in years.  I'll definitely been on the look out for more from this author.  Well written.
Great story telling!  I was on the edge of my seat, literally! Thrilling, wanting to reach the end and know what happened
Unbelievably great book. Couldn't put it down! If you liked gone girl ... You aint seen nothing yet!! Absolutely amazing.
I could not put this book down - thoroughly satisfying little mystery. I'd recommend this to anyone who liked Gone Girl.
Did not enjoy this book at all. Had trouble following the various people and  the plot. Would not recommended to anyone.
This book received lots of praise and I thought I was purchasing a great book.  I was very disappointed when reading it.
Was getting  frustrated with the book at first but then the ending picked up and it all came together. What a character!
This is a real page turner.  I couldn't put it down until I was finished.  Maybe even better than the popular Gone Girl.
This book didn't live up to the hype for me . To be honest it was a pretty boring read until about 3/4 through the book.
I found this book very dry,difficult to get through. I was excited to read it due to reviews. I guess it wasn't for me.
I fail to see all the hoopla this book is getting on the N.Y. best seller list. Maybe it's the dumbing down of America.
Couldn't put it down.  FASTEST book I have read in a long time.  LOVED the twists and turns!<br/>A definite must read.
I don't understand what the hype is all about.  This is a really depressing novel about some really screwed up people.
The jumping around of characters was not only confusing but annoying. Not my type of read. Would not really recommend.
I loved the twists and turns...he did it, she did it.. I was very satisfied with the ending. Great job Paula Hawkins!
While the book certainly kept me interested until the end it really wasn't as great as I thought it would have been. The writing was fine, the alcohol fueled blackouts were fine as a literary device, and the ending was fine. So, because the book can be described as fine not fabulous or a must read it gets a three star rating which to me equals fine. I was not a fan of the constant dates at the start of the chapters, it caused me to keep flipping back to the previous chapter to see what those dates were. Also, one of the female characters in the book was so smug and down right nasty that I couldn't help thinking is she for real? As some of the other reviewers wrote, it is a fairly depressing look at life but I knew that going into the book so no stars were taken away for that. But, because it was so bleak I feel it necessary to now read something a little lighter. All in all it was a fine enough book but if future books of this author are also described as being depressed I will probably skip them.
Certainly lady literature
It was different and sad.
This is a very good read.
Good book, fast shipping!
Just couldn't get into it
Great psychological drama
It was an enjoyable read.
Not as good as otherssaid
Not the ending I expected
Loved it, I recommend it.
Page turner. ,supprising,
Quick read, I enjoyed it.
I really liked this book.
Too slow in the beginnibg
A good reading, enjoyable
Entertaining. Quick read.
Really enjoyed this book!
Excellent easy fast read.
Very good and surprising!
Definitely a page turner!
Very difficult to follow.
I was hooked to this book
Well written but bring...
Good plot, but ended flat
Really held my attention!
couldn't stop reading!!!!
It was something to read.
Suspenseful and alluring.
For me it seemed to drag.
Great story. A must read.
It's a very slopping nook
Really enjoyed this read.
Interested the whole time
Clever writing, but slow.
Good until the end of it!
sometimes hard to follow!
Suspenseful and engaging!
Slow start but got better
Entertaining, quick read.
Would recommend to anyone
It jumps around too much.
Excellent in every way!!!
My wife enjoyed the book.
fast paced, well written,
Good read! A page-turner!
Slow start, great finish!
Great story. Fun to read.
Can't wait for the movie!
Great book....captivating
Very good plot and ending
A perverbial page-turner!
Certainly worth the read!
INCREDIBLE!! A MUST READ!
Fast ride,full of twists.
Loved it. A bit of angst.
Really enjoyed this book!
Liked it, was predictible
Good, ending not the best
Easy, summer read. Enjoy!
Ok some what predictable.
A little too dark for me.
Far superior to Gone Girl
An easy entertaining read
A great surprising ending
Lots of twists and turns!
Very thought provocative.
Great Book, a page turner
I did not finish the book
Great story with a twist!
Interesting but only fair
Great story!  Quick read.
Suspenseful, fun to read.
could not put it down....
I thought it was just OK.
Great story. Good ending.
A story with a good twist
Captivating page turner !
Good "whodunnit"!
Liked the surprise reveal
Very interesting mystery!
Ending was a little lame.
A thriller. A page turner
Really enjoyed this book.
Loved alot like gone girl
Recommended reading list.
Wow, this was a good one!
Sad characters, sad book.
I wasn't thrilled with it
not as good as i expected
It was a fine beach read.
Good read love the twists
Great read...page turner!
Didn't expect the ending.
Suspense. Surprise ending
Suspenseful till the end!
So-so.  Sort of a downer.
A slow moving chick book.
Great summer page-turner.
Very dark and depressing.
Entertaining, quick read.
Excellent and suspenseful
Really enjoyed this book.
Could not get into it....
Good story. Well written.
Definitely a page turner!
Would make a great movie!
It was hard to get in to.
Got boreds around page 80
All I have to say is WOW!
High speed read this one!
Loved the twists & turns!
Not crazy about this one.
Suspenseful, well written
Kept me going throughout.
I enjoy a good mystery!!!
Easy read and predictable
Great book and fast read.
Excellent and suspenseful
One of my favorite reads!
Not as good as gone girl!
depressing and repetitive
It was very disappointing
its a very good read.....
Wonderful, intense story.
A great read, enjoyed it!
Coud not stop reading it.
I quite enjoyed the book.
Excellent- really enjoyed
Well written page turner.
Reminded me of gone girl.
Loved the story ..5 stars
Excellent, exciting read!
Reminded me of Gone Girl.
Lots of twists and turns!
Better than average book!
Pretty decent quick read.
Didn't care for the book.
A quick and riveting read
A little bit far fetched.
entertaining,  that's all
It is a fun book to read.
so many twists and turns.
Story kept me interested.
Suspenseful and exciting.
Definitely a page turner.
Well written page turner.
Very good! Great ending!!
Slow at first. Good book.
Intrigue with good twist!
Loved it, surprise ending
Really entertaining read.
Thought very well written
fun, fantastic, fabulous!
Awesome!!!! Great twist!!
It was awesome, loved it!
Unusual story-intereting!
Reminded me of Gone Girl!
Great, suspenseful story!
Very similar to Gone Girl
Awesome book, enjoyed it!
It is a real page turner.
Really enjoyed this book!
Great mystery, thriller!!
Interesting. Well written
Good thriller. Fast read.
Best mystery of the year!
intriguing and engrossing
Lots of twists and turns.
Such a weak pathetic main character.  And, so boring.  Maybe it gets better but I couldn't be bothered to finish it.
A good summer read - but not a lot of depth.  The timing here got pretty confusing for me.  Like GONE GIRL in places
Can't put this down. Twists and turns you never expect. Very good book. The comparison to Rear Window is a good one.
I would definitely recommend this book! It is a can't put it down until you finish book. Thrilling and suspenseful!
Very unique and interesting story of people involved together and a crime of who done it murder mystery. Great read
Don't buy this book, or the fact it has a 4.5 star rating.  It is NOTHING like a Hitchcock mystery, and in fact is poorly written.  Unless you like stream-of-consciousness narrative.  First rule of writing: "Show, don't tell".  Or as I like to put it, "Action, not thoughts.". If you want to spend an entire novel inside the head of one or two females following every nuanced thought that pops into their estrogen - filled brain, this is not entertaining.  The only mystery is, who gave this more than one-half a star?
Yes, this is a combination of "50 Shades" and "Gone Girl".  Its like "Gone Girl" in the sense of a missing woman, plot twists, intrigue, etc.  Its like "50 Shades", not because of any sex scenes (there are none, just vague references to characters about to have, or having had, sex), but rather because of the style of writing - shallow, pedestrian and pedantic.  Cliche phrases, plastic characters.  All of that said, I could not wait for lunch hour so that I could read the next few chapters and to get home so I could keep reading.  It is an absolute page turner to the very end.  But its kinda like ordering a double hot fudge brownie sundae with extra whipped cream after a big meal - it tastes great as you are eating it, but later you say to yourself "what was I thinking".  That's what occurred to me when I finished the book.  If you are looking for an engrossing page turner, this is it - if you are looking for Shakespeare, look elsewhere.
A cast of unlikable characters linked by painful relationships. I wanted to put it down but didn't. I should have.
Loved the book. Nothing was what it seemed. Well written. And not overdone. Thank you for such a good winter read.
Well written and well developed. Enjoyed listening to and reading this book.  I think it is better than Gone Girl.
A pile of clothing on the side of the train tracks - This must read novel is eerily similar to what actually happened to my own grandmother. Her chilling murder haunted my dad until his dying day because he was a small child when she left one morning and never returned. He also had a hard time separating fiction from fact. Although “The Girl on the Trail” novel takes place in England - my grandmother’s body was found on the side of the train tracks here in the USA. I might add her murder is still unsolved. Unfortunately, there are a lot of unsolved murders in the USA, England, and probably around the world.<br/>“The Girl on the Train” is a suspenseful mystery thriller that was interesting, and easy to read.<br/>Some people might begin thinking (after reading this novel) that none of us are as despicable as we sometimes think we are.<br/>Jeannie Walker (Award-Winning Author) "Fighting the Devil" - A True Story of Consuming Passion, Deadly Poison, and Murder
The story was easy to follow, but kept you guessing until the very end. Almost as if three woman were one person.
This is a fascinating, quite unpredictable psychological mystery.  It darts back and forth among the 5 main characters, focusing mostly on the point of view of the protagonist, a self-deprecating, depressed but somehow oddly hopeful woman who has lost her way in life.  To say more would be to give away the plot....which is rich in detail and surprises.  It is also a book which paints a portrait of an area near London, unknown to me, but familiar in its urban details to many other somewhat dreary cities in many countries.  The obsessive focus of the protagonist, Rachel, on the lives of the 4 other main characters in the book became this reader's obsession as well....and made for a book which could barely be put down!  The advantage (so to speak) that Rachel had was that she COULD interact with the others....while the reader had to hold her breath and patiently follow Rachel and the others along in their seductive, frightening, all to believable choices and actions.
Suspenseful with a twist at the end. I'd definitely recommend! I can't wait to read more books by Paula Hawkins!
If you liked Gone Girl you'll love this one! I love a book where the ending is hard to predict. Great job Paula!
I couldn't put it down! A must read for anyone who liked Gone Girl, albeit better.<br/>A don't miss. Seriously!
lots of twists and turns
Interesting and exciting
Interesting and exciting
Great page turning book.
Awesome and suspenseful!
You can't put it down,,,
Very entertaining novel!
beautifully crafted plot
Good plot, nice writing.
I thought it was just ok
Really enjoyed the book!
fast paced and engaging!
Quick read but riveting.
Interesting well written
Couldn't put it down!!!!
I really loved the book!
Excellent and easy read.
Was a depressing  stroy!
It was a very good book.
Great book.  Loved it!!!
Awesome right to the end
an excellent bpk 5 stars
Good book for a starter.
hard for me to get into.
Really enjoyed the book.
Great beginning to end!!
I didn't want it to end.
Great read with a twist!
Not as good as gone girl
It was an engaging book!
Entertaining summer read
really enjoyed this book
Did not enjoy this book.
Excellent lazy day read.
Lots of twists and turns
I enjoyed this book ....
Well written who dunnit.
Great entertaining book!
Quick read with a twist.
Interesting and engaging
Boring, stopped reading.
Gripping until the end..
Great and very fast read
Thoroughly enjoyed this!
Starts slow but picks up
Somewhat depressing read
Definitely worth reading
Very good.  Well writhe.
A good read with a twist
Very interesting story!!
It was a very good read!
Great twists and turns!,
Very sad and depressing.
page turner. crazy good.
Really held my interest!
Confusing and boring I'm
Such a great summer read
Suspenseful, great read.
lots of twists and turns
Just started reading it.
Fun read, cleverly done.
Fast, Fun and easy read.
Very disappointing read.
HARD TO FOLLOW AT FIRST!
Cover came out all ugly!
good book to escape with
It was surely different.
didn't care for the book
Just wasn't interesting.
Absolutely loved it ....
Must read, buy book here
Mostly a book for ladies
overcomplicated  rubbish
Really enjoyed this book
Enjoyed the entire read.
I have read much better.
Did not enjoy this book.
Couldn't put it down!!!!
A really unique thriller
Complicated and annoying
Not as good as predicted
Loved this book, unique.
Good read for the train!
Monotonous until the end
Another Gone Girl story!
It had me from page one!
A great suspense novel!!
Would make a great movie
Great easy gripping read
Good book-very engaging.
Slow start but great end
great, fast-paced story!
It did hold my attention
Interesting all the way.
Good read, well written.
It was hard to put down.
Keeps you turning pages.
A quick, enjoyable read.
Great Spring Break read.
Great story - fast read!
Well written, good book.
Will make a good movie!!
Fair. Slow until the end
Keeps a person guessing!
kept u guessing till end
Great read.  Who knew???
A super novel. Loved it.
Great plot with a twist.
Definitely a page turner
Gripping and fast paced.
Awesome and suspenseful!
Great, suspenseful read!
Great book, suspenseful!
Enjoyed this nail-biter!
Really captivating read!
Great book read it twice
Really enjoyed this book
the best since Gone Girl
I found it very boring...kept waiting for a surprise ending.  It was a disappointment and cannot recommend it.
Just didn't care for it. I expected more with all the rave reviews. I finished the book and thought 'really?'
A very well written book.  A lot of suspense which kept you wondering what the outcome would be. Good reading
This book is interesting -- a combination of good and bad.  It tells the story of an alcoholic with severe blackout issues while she takes it on herself to solve the mystery of a missing women whom she has fantasized into one half of a perfect couple.<br/><br/>The story is told from 3 points of view:  the alcoholic, the missing woman, and the alcoholic's ex-husband's mistress-turned-wife. Generally, this is a good book.  It's readable, approachable, and there's enough tension to make you want to continue to read.<br/><br/>That being said, you must pay attention to the timeline as the book jumps around a lot. Further, important information is presented in a misleading way. Even knowing the ending, the information presented is misleading. This book should not be read with the intent of guessing the ending -- you just don't have enough correct information -- not even from the missing woman. At least not until the climax.
Really enjoyed this book.  After a bit of set-up, it reads pretty fast and it's hard to put down.  Great compelling page-turning plot.  It's also fairly short (300 or so pages) and the story is narrowly focused  - only about 4 main characters to keep track of.  So a pretty easy summer read.<br/><br/>Over the course of the book, your perspective about each of the characters will change - either because they experience growth or because the author gradually reveals things to you that shapes your perception of them.  That was very cool.<br/><br/>I've seen lots of comparisons to Gone Girl, which I read and also enjoyed a lot.  Both books describe bad marriages, and both books use the cool technique of alternating and possibly unreliable narrators giving you different perspectives on many of the same events.  Otherwise, though, the two books are pretty different - though both fun, fast reads.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
They should make a movie about this book. It was a real thriller! I would love to see it on the big screen!
WOW! What a story full of twists and turns all the way. One of the best mysteries I've read in a long time.
Really liked this book!
Easy read very exciting
very  interesting story
Nice summer beach book.
Suspenseful til the end
A good book. Enjoyable.
Very entertaining read!
exciting 'who done it.'
did not enjoy this book
Suspenseful, easy read!
Great read, page turner
I enjoyed it very much.
Keeps you guessing.....
Not my type of reading.
Long, drawn out, boring
Good, interesting book.
Couldn't put it down --
Great book.  Fast read.
Couldn't put it down...
I couldn't put it down.
Good read.  Disturbing.
Not bad - not the best!
Weird...yet compelling!
A most depressing book.
Suspenseful!  Must read
A disappointing ending.
Interesting, good read.
Pretty good summer read
Page burner to the end!
Wonderful storytelling!
Great twist - loved it!
Unbelievable, wonderful
That girl was cra cra!!
Good book, easy to read
Fascinating pageturner!
recommended to a friend
Wonderful Book loved it
Good read. Page turner.
Intense book - loved it
It was too dark for me.
It darkly entertaining.
Very good beach reading
Good plot. Many twists.
Another enjoyable read!
Great read. Predictable
Good read but hard read
Same feel as Gone Girl.
enjoyed this emensely !
Good quick weekend read
Great Book, I loved it.
Repetitive and too long
A real page turner.....
A stunning page turner!
Good read. Not amazing.
I couldn't put it down.
Well written. Fun read.
A little slow at times!
Wow what a great story!
Great book. I loved it!
Twists and turns galore
Suspenseful!  Loved it!
A definite page turner!
Great suspenseful book!
Loved it!  Great story.
Loved it!!  Great story
Just o k, a little slow
Great plot; flat voice.
A good twist at the end
Hard to like characters
Great book & easy read!
Reminds me of Gone Girl
Too much like Gone Girl
Great couldn't put down
I couldn't put it down!
Did not finish the book
Good book, good mystery
A riveting page turner!
i liked this book heart
I couldn't put it down!
I couldn't put it down!
Great suspenseful read!
To repetious got boring
Could not put this down
Great well written book
Couldn't put it down!!!
good once I got into it
Was not what I expected
It keeps your interest.
To much back,and forth.
Fun book, shocking end!
Slow start good finish.
Love a good thriller!!!
Terrible!!  Total nuts!
A definite page-turner!
tedious, predictable...
Impossible to put down!
Great mystery! Loved it
I enjoyed it very much,
I could not put it diwn
Not as good a Gone Girl
great story; believable
I enjoyed the suspense.
required book club read
Slow read.  Depressing.
Totally enjoyable read!
I couldn't put it down!
A page-turner for sure.
Will make a great movie
Great book club choice.
unforgivable psychotics
I couldn't put it down!
Great to the last page!
I couldn't put it down.
awesome book..want more
Not as good as the hype
Couldn't put it down !!
Fast read!  Great work of fiction?  No.  But if you're looking for something to get through quickly on a rainy weekend.  Perfect.
Loved it and shared it!
Fast and gripping read!
Different kind of read.
I couldn't put it down!
Had me going to the end
I couldn't stop reading
Read it all in one day!
FANTASTIC book!!!!!!!!!
A quick and great read.
I couldn't put it down!
Worth the time to read.
Could not put it down !
I couldn't put it down!
Great story! Fast read!
A fast turn page novel.
Entertains fast read!!!
Golf once you got going
Appreciated the ending!
OK, but nothing special
Interesting, fast read.
I couldn,t put it down.
the book was confusing.
Great story, and twists
Couldn't put it down!!!
Very good book.couldn't, wait to see who did it I would recommend it to everyone who likes a suspense book
You Absolutely cannot miss this book. Loved it and  I couldn't put it down  so much better than Gone girl.
I could not put this book down. I even got the Whispersync. If you like a thrilling, twisted story. Enjoy.
This was such a riveting story, I couldn't put the book down. Perfect for an al day rainy Saturday read.
Bad language and too much repetition of the story.  Could have been crafted better with better language.
For me it just dragged on and on until the last 30 or so pages. It was a hard book to keep my interest .
I thought this was possibly the worse book I have ever read.  I only finished it because I purchased it.
It took a long time to become engrossed with the plit and characters. I almost put it down un finished.
This book is a Gone Girl wanna be.  Don't waste your time reading it. It doesn't deserve even one star.
I saw the ending coming half way through. I would maybe wait until the library has it. Do not pay $10.
Extremely well written
wouldn't read it again
Could not put it down.
Excellent, quick read!
This book was so good!
Could not put it down.
Great quick beach read
Couldn't put it down!!
Could not put it down!
Surprising page turner
Excellent page-turner!
creepy and destrustive
Good book,fast reading
The book is excellent!
Good read----but slow!
Super fun, quick read!
Excellent page turner!
very entertaining book
A very addictive read.
Great twist at the end
Couldn't stop reading.
A good, winding story.
Slow I couldn't finish
Great holiday reading.
Awesome, quick read!!!
Keeps you on your toes
Interesting characters
Great suspensful book!
Great story & read!!!!
Throughly enjoyed.....
Couldn't put it down!!
Better than Gone Girl!
Great read! Addicting!
The girls had problems
Couldn't put it down!!
Fantastic page turner!
This is a page turner!
Amazing! Page turner!!
A good consistent read
well done--a good read
quick, enjoyable read!
Great book! Quick read
Could not put it down!
Enjoyable summer read!
Interestingly written.
it was quite good read
Enjoyable summer read.
Enjoyable, quick read.
Keeps you wanting more
Fantastic summer read!
Good book. Quick read.
Could not put it down!
It was a gripping read
Not bad but not great!
mediocre beach reading
Annoying at some times
Could not put it down!
Gripping and engaging.
better than Gone Girl!
Very slow moving novel
Riveting, awesome read
Great read.  Loved it.
Perfect vacation read!
I am still reading it.
Keeps you on your toes
Great suspenseful read
it was just an ok read
Writing very creativeg
my wife just loved it.
Loved listening to it!
Very interesting book.
Fast read...great book
Good book with a twist
Could not put it down!
Predictable, plodding.
Pretty much fantastic.
I couldn't put it down
It kept me interested!
Perfect summer reading
Couldn't put it down!!
Enjoyable summer read!
Good story, a bit slow
Very enjoyable reading
Couldn't put it down!!
Well written thriller.
A good murder mystery!
Kept me going for more
Good suspenseful read!
Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Really enjoyable read!
great book  great read
Fun plot, poor writing
Not really a thriller,
This book was awesome!
not to bad aa bit slow
Excellent page turner!
Couldn't put it down!!
Book was ok not great!
Great summer Reading!!
A can't put down read.
Very slow over written
Very very interesting!
Great Book. Easy Read!
Very captivating read!
Hard book to put down.
Good book for vacation
Well  worth your time.
Wife really enjoyed it
Could not put it down!
Keeps you on your toes
Surprising to the end!
Slow start,good finish
Quite the page turner!
This book was so good!
Suspenseful! Good read
Good but not superior.
could not put it  down
Good. Kept me guessing
Kind of disappointing.
Great, thrilling read.
Great read and mystery
Thoroughly enjoyed it.
Very interesting read.
Really liked this book
-couldn't put it down!
A bit strange but good
Couldn't put it down!!
Could not put it down!
It was nicely complex.
Hands down great read.
Wow, is all I can say.
Fell apart at the end.
Well written good read
Boring And repetitious
Could not put it down!
Good read start to end
Very interesting book.
could not put it down.
Could not put it down.
Couldn't put it down!!
Great quick-fast read!
Riveting!  Compelling!
Very enjoyable read!!!
No Gone Girl but good.
Intriguing and clever.
A very satisfying read
Great book.
Good read, enjoyed it.
Good book with a twist
Could not put it down.
Fast read, good twist!
Kept me turning pages.
Excellent who done it!
Good read about boston
Didn't see that coming
Could not put it down!
Very surprised ending!
Could not put it down.
Could not put it down.
Fast Interesting read.
This was a great read!
Could not put it down.
Too much introduction.
Very good. Page turner
Better than GONE GIRL.
Very depressing novel.
Better than I expected
On the edge of my seat
The story got tiresome
Enjoyed book very much
fast read, great story
Better than Gone Girl!
Could not put it down.
Very good who done it.
Slow, draggy in parts.
Could not put it down!
Fast read. Great book.
Interesting characters
Great intriguing book.
Was interesting mystey
Could not put it down.
Great read suspenseful
Light, quick thriller.
Could not put it down!
A bit tedious reading.
I guessed who did it by a quarter of the way in. The story was richly told though and worth the read.
I'm a huge Gillian Flynn fan so this book is very similar in style. Great read couldn't put it down!
Very difficult to put down once I started reading it. Interesting characters and I enjoyed the plot.
I literally just finished reading and listening to The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins.<br/>Every once in a while, a book comes along that really does warrant all the prerelease hype. I was completely captured by this book. And though I have finished it, I really believe this is one I won't soon forget. The narrative added a reality to the story and characters, switching between the three narratives of the  three very different women.  Each tells a story that eventually comes together in an ending that builds up speed like a runaway train, taking the reader along at a faster and faster rate of speed. As their stories begin to blend you just don't see what's coming and can't get there fast enough. I can't recommend this book or audio edition with enough stars so I'll just have to give it five and be satisfied with that limited amount. Please read this book.
I really do but I read this book in 3 days! Soooo good and I would recommend it to everyone o know.
Silly book - couldn't get with the characters - what were they doing?  Please get it together guys.
I'm a slow reader but I couldn't put this one down.  If you liked Gone Girl, you'll love this book.
I had a hard time putting this one down. Loved all the twists. It kept you guessing the whole time.
Great read especially from a first time author. Will be looking forward to more from Paula Hawkins.
The worst book I have ever read in my life. The entire book contents could be written in 50 pages.
Couldn't put it down! Then I was sorry I read it so quickly! This book is a must read!!! Loved it!
Novels are comprised of the following elements:  setting, plot, characters, action and climax.  This book is mostly characters that the reader has to keep straight.  We have Rachel (the main character, I think), Jess and Jason ( not really characters but made up names for some characters, Megan and Scott ( the real characters' names)(Megan is also a murdered victim along with her unborn child, Tom, Anna and baby Evie ( Rachel's ex-husband, new wife and baby girl), Dr. Abdic (psychiatrist), Sam (Rachel's brother), and a detective, Rachel's friend and landlady, Cathy and Cathy's boyfriend.  Now try to read the book and keep these people straight.  There is a plot and a climax but they are over-shawdowed by all these characters.  The story could have been woven into a terrific mystery, but it's overwhelmed by the number of people involved.
I couldn't put this book down! Read it on my first day of vacation all in one day. Excellent read
Great book. Kept me on the edge of my chair, and could not put the book down until I finished it!
Suspenseful, but dark
It was ok. Fast read.
Couldn't put it down!
Hard to put book down
Couldn't put it down.
Entertaining mystery.
Good twist at the end
Easy read. Loved it!!
A fun thrilling read!
That was a good read!
Dark but captivating.
The book i ever read.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Great story. Love it.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Ahh, the dysfunction.
Great book quick read
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Terrific page turner.
slow start but builds
Couldn't put it down.
I enjoyed the read 😊
Couldn't put it down.
Worth a read, but....
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Interesting storyline
Did not like the book
Good, absorbing read.
Absolutely loved it .
Couldn't put it down.
This was a wild ride!
a very memorable read
I liked  it very much
Couldn't put it down!
Loved it!! Great book
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
Hard story to follow.
Suspense with a twist
I absolutely loved it
Couldn't put it down.
A good tale well told
Couldn't put it down!
Hard to stop reading!
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Easy and interesting.
Excellent, fast read!
Couldn't put it down!
couldn't put it down!
very good summer read
Thoroughly enjoyable!
Couldn't put it down!
did not like the book
It was good not great
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Different suspenseful
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
This is a great read.
Could not put it down
A very good thriller.
No heros in this one!
Greta book, loved it!
Perfect vacation book
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Excellent quick read.
Great summer reading!
Couldn't put it down!
Good book. Quick read
have not read it yet.
Couldn't put it down!
Best book this summer
Good character study.
Well written fun read
Keeps you guessing!!!
Well written mystery.
Couldn't put it down!
Very depressing book.
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Well written thriller
Good suspenseful book
Couldn't put it down!
Loved it, quick read.
Easy, enjoyable read.
Couldn't put it down!
Too hard to get into.
This was a great book
Couldn't get into it.
Really inserting book
...daughter loved it!
Great read, loved it!
It was a page turner!
Intense!! Quick & Easy read! I couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Better than Gone Girl
Good, intreging read.
Had very little depth
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
not sure about ending
Nice and page turner.
Great book  Loved it.
I found it depressing
Couldn't put it down.
Could not put it down
I was hoping for more
Could not put it down
Could not put it down
A fun, exciting read.
Creative and exciting
Better than gone girl
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Kept me in suspense !
Couldn't put it down.
Just an average read.
Beneath my mentality!
I will recommend this
Great  summer reading
Very compelling read!
Just a terrible book.
Fast read, great plot
The book was only OK.
Couldn't put it down.
I would recommend it.
Suspense till the end
This book is great!!!
Enjoyable page turner
Couldn't put it down.
Great summer reading.
Could not put it down
Good and entertaining
Couldn't put it down!
too many coincidences
Couldn't put it down!
Entertaining reading.
Best book i have read
did not like the book
Very good.  Fast read
Couldn't put it down!
Made my stop drinking
Not my type of book !
It dragged on and on.
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
could not put it down
Boring and redundant.
Good book, bad ending
Somewhat predictable.
Great suspense novel!
Couldn't put it down!
couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Engaging page turner.
Great book! Loved it.
could not put it down
Couldn't put it down.
A disappointing read.
Couldn't put it down!
I would recommend it.
better than gone girl
Couldn't put it down!
Better than Gone Girl
Just did not like it.
GONE GIRL, GONE BAD!!
Could not get into it
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Fast-paced, thriller.
Better than gone girl
Intense and exciting!
Overall, a good read!
Couldn't put it down!
Good and suspenseful.
And interesting story
Amazing read loved it
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down!
Keeps you guessing...
could not put it down
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
enjoyed the suspense.
I quit after 10 pages
Very slow, and boring
Could not put it down
Couldn't put it down!
Great suspense novel.
Couldn't put it down.
Enjoyed it very much!
Very interesting tale
Quick, engaging read.
What is all the hype?
Couldn't put it down.
Couldn't put it down!
couldn't put it down.
Absolutely fantastic!
Couldn't put it down.
A very engaging read.
Lived it. Quick read.
A real page turner!!!
so much fun to read!!
Tangled webs we weave
Couldn't put it down.
Great make it a movie
Couldn't put it down!
Couldn't put it down.
Very captivating read
On par with Gone Girl
Should become a movie
Better than Gone Girl
Read it very quickly.
Couldn't put it down.
A rather lame mystery
Couldn't put it down!
I didn't care for it.
Very compleeing read!
Thoroughly enjoyable.
BORING,BORING,BORING ! Gone Girl was much better. This in no way compares to a Hitchcock story.
Rachel, an alcoholic, and a regular commuter on a train, which always stops at a certain point on the track because of signals and other track quirks observes the home life of a couple who happen to live in a house in the same street as Rachel once lived in with her now remarried ex-husband. Rachel one day observes what appears to be infidelity. She has given the observed couple their own special names but soon finds out their real names because the woman goes missing and media publicity pin points to her home and identity. Because of her observations Rachel suspects foul play and reports her observed infidelity to the police. An intriguing chain of events evolves from thereon including the involvement of Rachel's ex-husband, his new wife and their child. With a surprise conclusion the read deserves four stars plus.
I have been dreading writing this review because from the beginning I hated the main character. I found Rachel extremely irritating, a drunk girl who threw everything away and insisted in feeling sorry for herself. The reason I didn't stop reading was because I do not like to not finish a book .... but then I still give 5 stars, why? Because this book will blow your mind! You will doubt everything you think you know, and will want to re-read it just to see how many clues you have missed.<br/>The characters are complex and seriously troubled. The book will take you on quite a ride. So many twists and turns. Cannot give it away. It is destined to be a brilliant movie. I can understand why it is being compared to "Gone Girl", and I really hope that who ever makes the movie keeps close to the original book.
One of the most depressing books I have ever read. Did not even choose to finish it so didn't.
lived up to the hype
Love it. A nice read
Great and easy read!
Did not care for it.
couldn't put it down
Love it.  Good read.
Very absorbing book.
Couldn't put it down
Surprising thriller.
Not what I expected.
I enjoyed this book!
Couldn't put it down
Dark like Gone Girl.
Hmmm average at best
Couldn't put it down
Great read! Thriller
I enjoyed this book.
It was disappointing
Similar to gone girl
not riveting, but ok
Couldn't put it down
Great summer read!!!
Intriguing novel!!!!
Couldn't put it down
Couldn't put it down
Very enjoyable book.
Interesting mystery.
Great suspense novel
Interesting concept.
Holds your interest.
Suspenseful thriller
Kept me in suspense.
Couldn't put it down
Page turner for sure
Beautifully written.
will keep U reading!
This was a fine read
I enjoyed this book.
I can't put it down!
One of the best!!!!!
Great vacation read.
Riveting to the end.
somewhat disapointed
Couldn't put it down
I enjoyed this book.
Slightly predictable
Suspenseful and fun!
This was a fun read!
couldn't put it down
I enjoyed this book.
Very confusing plot.
Couldn't put down!!!
Very slow to develop
Exciting page turner
Intriguing, loved it
Very interesting !!!
It was a three star.
It was entertaining.
Don't have a review!
Not bad.  Not great.
Great book' Loved it
As good as Gone Girl
Many twist and turns
A great page turner.
Interesting twists!!
Too wordy at the end
Exciting to the end!
Great page turner!!!
Couldn't put it down
Good, but not great.
Good summer reading.
Haven't finished yet
Very dissipointing !
I enjoyed this book.
Couldn't put it down
Couldn't put it down
I enjoyed this book.
Enjoyed it very much
this book is awesome
Excellent novel !!!!
Good suspense novel.
similar to Gone Girl
Couldn't put it down
Couldn't put it down
It kept me wondering
Very enjoyable read.
Very enjoyable read!
A great page turner!
couldn't put it down
A real page turner!!
A great who done it!
Good, but not great.
Held interest to end
Exciting quick read.
Alcoholic on a train
Very very good book!
Better than expectef
well done, fun read.
Easy enjoyable read!
very predictable....
Enjoyablel fast read
Loved it! Great read
Alcoholic on a train
Good book group pick
Very enjoyable read.
I enjoyed this book.
A real page turner!!
Couldn't put it down
Good book.  Mystery.
It held my attention
I Loved This Book!!
A real page turner.
A real page turner.
I really enjoyed it
Didn't care for it.
Keeps you thinking!
great read-loved it
Awesome page-turner
I like it very much
A real page turner!
Fun and quick read.
Total page turner!!
A good summer read.
Ididn't care for it
It kept me guessing
Very good. Gripping
It is a great read.
Full review to come
It was kind of slow
A good summer read.
It was a good read.
sort of warped mind
couldnt put it down
Got my attention...
Great who done it👍
Overall a good read
I enjoyed this book
DON'T LIKE THE BOOK
What a page turner!
IS WAS A GOOD READ.
Big disappointment.
Overall a good book
Gripping to the end
Enjoyed this novel!
Engrossing thriller
Great weekend read.
Loved the suspense.
Enjoyed,page turner
It was a good read.
Keeps you guessing.
An okay beach book.
Perfect beach read!
Well worth reading.
An interesting read
It was just alright
A real page turner.
an engrossing read.
difficult to follow
A really good read!
A real page turner!
Brilliant writing !
Kept your attention
Pretty entertaining
Tedious, egocentric
Interesting twists.
Nice summer read...
Could not put down.
Kept me interested.
A real page turner!
Top much depressive
It's a page turner.
A real page turner.
Keeps you wondering
Riveting, poignant.
I enjoyed the book.
a pretty good read.
stereotypical women
Awesome beach read!
Did not like at all
A pretty good read.
I enjoyed the book.
Not my kind of book
Couldn't finish it.
My mother loved it.
Excellent thriller!
Keeps you guessing!
Great, Great, Great
I enjoyed the ride!
It was a good book.
I enjoyed this book
Couldn't finish it.
What a page turner!
Could not put down.
keep you wondering.
A captivating read.
Awesome beach read!
Enjoyed this book!!
Engaging, easy read
often confusing....
a real page-turner!
Good. Recommend it.
Very entertaining!!
Terrific whodunit!!
I hated this book, or, at least, the part I read.  Didn't finish it and sent it back.
Boring and whiny characters.  Only last 20 pages worth the read.  Very disappointing!
I can't think of a single reason to recommend this book. I was totally disappointed.
This book got great reviews but I must have missed something as I didn't care for it
Wow!  You cannot put this down.  Great plot and keeps you guessing right to the end.
Man. This book just picks you up and takes you away. From beginning to end. Definitely one of my all time favorite books.<br/><br/>SOMEWHAT SPOILER ALERT,<br/><br/>I thought that the ending did not match the thrill of the rest of the story. The whole story I'm constantly wondering what's happening next. And then at a certain point it becomes pretty clear what's going on, much sooner than one would hope. The alliance formed at the end was definitely surprising,I loved that. I would have loved for Paula to dive more into the psychosis we so majestically experienced through Rachel as the final act unfolded. Nonetheless, I've told several people they must read this book and truly a PHENOMENAL story. Thanks for your work Paula
This story has so many twists and turns that you might double-check things happening in your real life. The characters are fully developed, the author makes you roll your eyes at the antics of one, while you bite your nails for the other. From the "girl on the train" to the smallest characters (ie: the redhaired man on the train) you will be "in" this story. You can't not be in it.<br/><br/>WARNING: This book may cause you to think you know what is happening, may make you want to stop and think harder or to make you wonder "what the hell?". Do not drink, multi-task or anything other than pay attention to the story or you will miss something. Any small item you think you've flounder onto, think again.
Very well written.
I loved this book!
Very well written.
enjoyable reading,
Interesting twist.
A real page turner
Good but language.
Very entertaining.
Tedious beginning.
You feel her pain!
I loved this book.
Very intense read!
It was really good
Great page turner.
A fun page turner!
A. Fantastic read!
I loved this book.
Kept me guessing !
Loved! Great read!
Wonderful reading.
A FIVE STAR NOVEL.
Well woven mystery
such a great read!
It was a good book
A real page turner
Full of surprises!
very griping story
Entertaining read.
Loved it easy read
Great Summer Read!
Not worth thé time
Really enjoyed it.
A really good read
Awesome quick read
keeps you guessing
An intriguing read
big dissapointment
Very good writing.
Great summer read!
summer beach read.
A REAL PAGE-TURNER
Enjoyed immensely!
I loved this book!
I loved this book!
Great book on tape
Amazing! Loved it!
Drags on and on...
Enjoyable reading.
Great, quick read!
A very good read!!
Entertaining read.
Excellent suspense
Great travel read!
Quick and fun read
Great summer read!
Great summer read.
Certainly twisted.
unexpected ending!
Very entertaining.
What a great read!
Excellent suspense
Predictable ending
OK, not marvelous.
Great summer read!
Highly recommend !
Good but not great
Love and Treachery
This book describes characters' minds in very detail. The tension between them is epic. I could not anticipate the actual killer until I finished the book. The author didn't give any chance to think about the real killer until I completed the book.
Kept you guessing!
very good book !!!
Also a best seller
Greatest book ever
Really enjoyed it!
Very well written.
Great page turner!
Great page turner!
Plods...Disjointed
Really enjoyed it!
just didnt like it
Great book so far!
Very well written,
keeps you guessing
wonderful read....
Loved this book!!!
a genuine thriller
Not up to the hype
Keeps you guessing
Entertaining book.
Great thriller!!!!
Keeps you guessing
Interesting read..
Very entertaining.
Enjoyed this book.
Enjoyed very much!
Enjoyed this book.
Good mystery read.
A thrilling read😂
Keeps you guessing
I loved this read!
Fun fast easy read
Not my cup of tea!
Fun and addicting.
Excellent thriller
Confusing but good
Different but good
Sorry I bought it.
I enjoyed reading.
Very well written!
Slow until the end
Well worth reading
Great page turner!
Keeps you guessing
Very Disappointing
Good but not great
It was pretty good
It is wonderful!!!
Very exciting book
Very entertaining.
a fantastic book!!
Amazing and so sad
Well written book.
It was a good book
Highly recommended
Loved this book!!!
It was a fun read.
Just ok. Expecting
A good, fast read.
I loved this book!
A bit over the top
A fun page-turner.
Excellent mystery.
A real page turner
Fun and easy read.
Sorry. Just so-so.
Just a fair novel.
Loved this book!!!
The new Gone Girl.
Interesting. Dark.
A real page turner
Great! Page turner
not like Gone Girl
Very suspensful!!!
I loved this book!
The story is SO twisted! Interesting twists and even more interesting characters.
This book was NOT realistic, interesting or believable at all to me.  I felt the plot was manipulated to come out a certain way, causing me to feel like a ping pong ball bouncing around trying to figure out who the murderer really was.  The relationships between the insipid characters were contrived, nasty and totally immoral.  I had trouble identifying with any of the characters and in believing the shallow plot.<br/>However, the writing style is easy to follow, something any grade school student could do.  I gave the book two stars because I did finish reading it because I was curious to see who had done the nasty deed.<br/>I have a hard time believing that this book is on the best seller list.
This is one of those books that I must read a second time. The book is mostly written in the first person and  in the the initial early part of the book I was confused a bit about who was speaking. In retrospect I did not pay enough attention to the chapter headings  which indicated who was speaking but it was in a very light shade and easily missed unless you were paying close attention.  Having said that a wonderful book, interesting insights into thinking and actions  of the alcoholic Rachel and the pain she was experiencing as the plot unfolds. A slow start of the plot but as the pace speeds into middle of the novel one can hardly put it down as the intensity increases for all of the characters
It started out as a page turner... but quickly became a meandering tedious read.
Dumbest book I ever read.  Ludicrous story line and characters.  Similar style to "Fifty Shades of Grey", without any of the sex or romance, such as there was.  Complete waste of time.
I loved this book! I read another review in which the writer found the characters unlovable, especailly Rachel, who yes, is a blazing alcoholic, who cannot pull herself out of her loser life, but I actually didn't mind her. I didn't really empathize with, or pity her; yes, very odd behavior, but she is keenly aware of it, so maybe that was her saving grace for me. The characters are all a mess: cheaters, jealous, ultimately murderous, and left me feeling just dark disturbed. Very dark, but that is a good mystery, yes? But, the story was intriguing in how it was written, through the eyes of 3 women, with the train as such a central force. I really loved it, and am super picky. Highly recommend.
Terrible book. Could not even finish. Crazy soap opera. Don't waste your money.
Very suspenseful.
I love this book!
Have not read it.
Good read. Quick.
A very good read.
easy fast reading
Kept me guessing!
Very entertaining
Very Entertaining
Aa very good read
Very entertaining
It was a fun read
Very suspenseful!
meh - it was okay
Just not into it.
Hard to put down.
Excellent writing
Keeps you on edge
Totally gripping.
very entertaining
Good who done it!
It was thrilling!
Very good novel!!
Loved this book!!
Very entertaining
Maybe even great!
Kept me guessing!
Twists and turns!
good, quick read.
Enjoyable reading
Kept me guessing.
Can't put it down
What a great book
Excellent reading
Kept me guessing.
very suspencefull
Full of suspense!
Very suspenseful!
Good summer read.
Surprising twist!
Great quick read!
Entertaining read
entertaining read
Great quick read.
KEPT ME GUESSING.
good first effort
Great beach read!
A great intrigue.
enjoyable to read
Really good read.
Enjoyed the book.
REALLY GOOD STORY
Kept me guessing!
Solid summer read
Entertaining read
Good summer read.
Not my kind book.
Great story line!
A confusing story
Wow!!! Great book
really liked it!!
enjoyed very much
Very boring read.
Quick, easy read!
Great quick read.
Kept you guessing
great quick read!
Really great read
A bit long winded
Good summer read.
highly recommend.
Very weird story.
Very entertaining
Really good book.
Enjoyed this book
LoveTheBook5Stars
Hard to put down!
Very entertaining
Cleverly plotted.
A very good read.
Enjoyed the book!
Didn't finish it!
Very interesting.
Got bored quickly
Super great read!
Really good read.
Really good book!
Totally absorbing
Held my attention
Kept my interest!
Very suspenseful!
Couldn't put down
Good who done it.
My wife loved it!
i loved this book
Hard to put down.
Pretty good read!
Just was confused
very well written
Hard to put down.
Engaging mystery!
Gripping suspence
gripping reading!
Light quick read!
Loved the twists.
Intriguing story.
I loved this book
Kept my interest.
Wonderful mystery
I loved this book
Really good read!
Interesting book!
Great quick read!
So disappointing.
Keeps on ur toes,
Interesting read!
I love this book.
I liked the book.
Great who done it
An excellent read
Good page turner!
Different. Great.
Interesting read.
Pretty good read!
To much reppetion
Good sort of slow
Interesting read.
great read so far
Bad language, lots of the "F WORD" which added nothing to the story.
stopped reading after the first 50 pages- it was too depressing to continue.
I am one of the many, many readers who read Gone Girl and who saw the movie. Now, I have finished this best seller The Girl on the Train and in my opinion, this is the better book. Intelligently written, fast paced with excellent character development! If Hollywood could make a movie from Gone Girl then they should hurry and take notice of this book! The plot is exciting with the use of the distinct voices of Rachel, Megan and Anna. Through them the story is told and the mystery is heightened. There's the usual twits one expects in a mystery and for readers who enjoy the psychological mind for murder mysteries this book will do it! Great book! Great read!!
Very well written, the story of a boring girl, an alcoholic, gaining weight, lost her job, a complete non-person, who through minute piecing together of strange facts, manages to solve a mystery even the police cannot. Suspenseful throughout the story, it picks up towards the end and is a complete surprise. The heroine stumbles unknowingly onto the facts and puts them together in a delightful way. She could be anyone in a busy city, bored and boring, yet  the author keeps the excitement moving along until the girl on the train realizes she's correct about everything she's observed. Nicely done, well-developed characters, interesting plot, a great read.
You can read it if you like this style. Very fit for me. Reasonable price.
There is no other rating for a story that grips you from page one and then sends you hurtling out come the last page. The protagonist,Rachel, is more an anti-heroine. You want so badly to root for her, for her to get her happy ending. But you come to realize she has created a reality that her own behaviors won't let her escape. You can't help but relate to while at the same time shaking your head, willing her to just stop. You eventually just want the story to not be so bad for her. You begin hoping for even a smidge of vindication and in the end you get so much more as a reader. If a major studio hasn't already swooped up the rights...one will.
What a well written, gripping, and interesting book! I have recommended this book to all of my friends who enjoyed Gone Girl and The Husband's Srcret. I found myself drawn into this book such that  I was finding every excuse to read, and finished it in less than a week. The author just does such an excellent job of getting into the mind of the characters and making you understand them, even the ones who have flaws that you may have assumed you could never relate to, while also setting up a very interesting mystery. You can't go wrong with reading this book if you enjoy a good mystery or thriller. I can't wait to see more from this author.
There are so many layers to this story and what seems plain as day at first glance, keeps you guessing until the end. The Girl on the Train is written in a manner that is very difficult to achieve successfully, but is done so expertly that she makes the writing seem simple. Look again! This book is full of depth and hidden meaning. I especially enjoyed how the author depicted opposition of characters, while giving them a sameness. Each character longs for what they think the other has. Everyone in the book club came to the same false conclusion about one of the characters and that takes extreme literary talent to achieve. Enjoy the ride!
I, too, was taken in by all of the hype.  Three women, all in first person and all were people I really didn't want to get to know.  I kept reading,<br/>hoping the plot would thicken since I paid a pretty penny for the book.  There were bits and pieces, but little meat to chew.  I thought the ending was a little lame and wished I had spent the time reading another book.  I think Paula writes well, but it was the storyline that I just didn't enjoy very much.  I had heard Steven Spielberg bought the rights and I usually enjoy most of his projects, so I  thought "Girl" must to really good.  Maybe it reads better if you are a women.
Boring had to keep track of characters. I have no idea why a best seller
I did not like any of the characters and felt it was a waste of 5 hours.
I was underwhelmed by this book. At first I felt bad saying that, but after reading other reviews, it seems I am not the only one. I wanted it to be as good as Gone Girl (the book) but sadly it didn't quite keep up. The plot (although I didn't actually predict it) was very predictable. She built the characters up but at the same time, didn't. I liked the "back and forth" narration between characters. It came to a pretty fast end as well. I don't know that I'm eager to read another work by this author but I wouldn't say don't read this book at all. It does have some entertainment quality, especially as a quick summer read.
If I could, I'd rate it zero. Horrid, horrid book. I can't imagine the mindset or life of the author who would wallow in this dysfunctional world long enough to write this book. I did not like or identify with a single character. Even when things are bad in my life, I have hope and can find some moments of joy. There was NO hope or joy in this book -- only alcoholism, mental illness, sexual addiction, cheating, lying, murder, death, depression, enabling, abuse......  I could hardly wait to finish it. It depressed me terribly. The only reason I finished it was because several coworkers were reading it and wanted to discuss it.
Good not great .
Was disappointed
Intriguing read.
Loved this book,
Exciting mystery
A very fun read.
very suspenseful
Excellent story!
Crazy characters
Loved this book!
Loved this book.
Loved this book!
Hard to put down
a very good read
Quick easy read!
A waste of time.
Loved this book!
Enjoyed the book
Hard to put down
Really kept me guessing
Confusing novel.
It draws you in.
Good summer read
Enjoyed the book
One word. Boring
this was a gift.
interesting read
really good read
Loved this book!
Fun summer read!
Loved this book.
Loved this book.
A little boring.
Good, fast read.
It's a good book
Unusual but good
twists and turns
Good plot twist.
Creepy but good!
lots of suspense
Intriguing novel
Easy great read!
It was just OK -
Cleverly written
Great suspense b
Good, fast read.
Very, very good!
Not enough Umph!
Not as expected.
Very depressing.
Didn't purchase!
Excellent  read.
Easy quick read.
Good summer read
Messed up people
I lost interest.
Kept my interest
Depressing story
Loved this book!
Didn't finish it
Drags at the end
Loved the story.
Good beach read!
Did not enjoy it
Excellent read .
Very depressing.
Captivating!!!!!
Interesting book
Enjoyed the book
Highly recommend
A very good read
Enjoyed the book
Great, easy read
Very compelling!
Loved this book!
It was wonderful
Pretty good book
Kept my interest
A slow throller.
Great storyline.
Surprise ending.
Excellent read!!
Great beach read
Intriguing plot.
Fast paced read.
Excellent read!!
Kept me guessing
Loved this book!
Good who done it!
Loved this book.
Hard to put down
Intrigueing read
Loved this book.
Good short read.
Loved this book!
Such a fun read!
So disappointed!
Loved this book!
Kept my interest
Loved this book!
Super good book.
Slow and boring.
Good summer read
Loved this book!
Excellent novel.
Really liked it.
Fascinating read
A good thriller!
Captivating read
Intriguing read.
Loved this book!
Compelling read.
wonderful book!!
Very interesting
Enjoyed the read
Great suspense!!
Good beach read.
Loved this book.
Excellent story!
Real page turner
Loved this book.
Exciting ending.
A brilliant read
PRETTY GOOD READ
Loved this book!
Good quick read.
Great reading!!!
Read in one day!
Good quick read!
Very good story!
Enjoyed the book
Hard to get into
Held my interest
Loved this book!
Very depressing.
Very intriguing.
Very captivating
Very compelling!
Good beach read.
A real thriller!
Loved this book!
Wow Great Read !
Good quick read.
Pretty riveting!
Good beach read.
Very suspensful.
Twisted and good
Hard to put down
Kept me guessing
Interesting book
Fantastic novel!
Kept me guessing
Loved this book!
A ride for sure!
Riveting reading
Loved this book.
Pretty good read
Very interesting
Good, fast read.
Terrific read!!!
Fast- never dull
Fast read. Good.
Really loved it.
Loved this book!
Great.<br/>Book
Liked the book!!
A  very fun read
Good page turner
Very good book!!
Amazing read!!!!
Good, not great.
Very nice  read.
Good, not great.
Was a good read.
Loved this book.
Very intriguing.
real page turner
Very captivating
Loved this book!
Loved this book!
loved this book!
Quick, fun read.
Been on my list to read since its highly touted reviews.<br/><br/>What a page turner!  While some readers might cite a similarity to 'Gone Girl', I believe this novel takes it in a different direction as three  characters relate in their perceptions, and in a much more intense convincing fashion.<br/><br/>Rachel, Megan, and Anna have chapters dedicated to morning and evening events of differing days.<br/><br/>Rachel is the girl on the train and what she perceives sets it off.<br/><br/>The mystery made a case for:  anybody could do it, all things are suspicious....if...<br/><br/>Thoroughly enjoyed!
Creepy yet boring. I couldn't even finish it. A total waste of money.
Taste is so individual. One man's meat is another man's poison. This is a perfectly fine book. I would have preferred to save my eyes for something else, though.<br/>I kind of cared about the alcoholic young woman protagonist, but not a ton. (As someone who has worked with people with addictions for decades, I thought the portrayal was good, but not nearly as gritty as it is in real life.)<br/>The "riveting action" that others spoke of in their reviews was not apparent to me until the end of the book.<br/>As for the whodunnit aspect of the story, I figured it out well before the climax.
I loved this book!  I didn't want it to ever end.  So sad it's over.
I found the story interesting but the characters were very disturbing. Rachel frustrated me on so many levels. Megan and Anna too. I found it hard to have sympathy for any of the major players. That's probably why I couldn't read the book in one sitting as I do with so many novels. I like solving who done it type mysteries but found this one far too easy. I wanted to know more about Rachel's ex (e.g., his background) and I wasn't convinced about how Megan's tragic accident occurred. There were too many gaps and illogical leaps in this novel. I'm surprised that it's such a hit with other readers.
I don't give a lot of books five stars but this one deserves it. Paula Hawkins does an incredible job in bringing the reader into the minds of the respective characters and making you feel what they're feeling, and this is easier said than done. She has that rare combination of a very smooth, easy-to-read style, yet it's chock full of substance and emotion. The fact is, this is one of those stories that most authors would shy away from because they wouldn't be able to keep the reader engaged throughout, but Hawkins doesn't struggle with that at all and, in fact, knocks it out of the park.
Excellent book.
Not my favorite
An active read,
Excellent book!
A gripping read
Excellent book.
Wonderful read!
Loved the book!
Enjoyable read.
Easy<br/> read
Very overrated.
Too predictable
Fantastic read!
Excellent book.
it is just o k.
Good quick read
Great thriller!
Excellent read.
Keep me reading
Excellent book!
Great book.....
A page turner!!
LOVED THE BOOK.
Very good book.
Kind of drags!!
Excellent read!
Very confusing.
Loved this book
Thrilling book!
Not much to it.
Was an ok book.
READ THIS BOOK.
Sort've unusual
Loved the book.
Loved the book.
OK - slow start
It was just ok.
Very disjointed
Good, easy read
Excellent read!
Loved this book
Good beach book
Good easy read.
Very good story
Excellent book.
Loved the book!
Great suspense!
Excellent read.
Wonderful jtems
Good fast read.
Loved the book.
Fast easy read!
Good story line
Awesome read!!!
Intresting read
Very good read!
Very good story
Loved this book
Very good read.
Excellent book!
Nice easy read.
Excellent read!
Excellent  read
little mixed up
Amazing book!!!
Excellent read.
Very drawn out.
Very slow start
Enjoyable read.
Very enjoyable!
Very good read.
Hard to follow!
Good quick read
Loved this book
Excellent read!
Excellent read.
Very gold read.
Fun, quick read
Excellent read!
Excellent book!
Didn't like it.
Very good book!
Excellent read.
Not my favorite
Kept me reading
Wonderful book!
Loved this book
A dreary story.
obnoxious book.
Haunting story.
Very Enjoyable!
Very good read.
Very good read.
Fast paced read
Girl on a train
Great thriller!
Good beach read
Disappointed...
Just OK for me!
Love this book!
Un-putdownable!
Not a bad read.
Excellent read.
Great Thriller!
Pretty good one
Great book!!!!!
Great suspense.
Its a girl book
Very good read.
Very good read!
Simple but nice
Very Enjoyable.
sick and septic
Good light read
Excellent read!
Excellent read!
Excellent read!
Loved this book
Very good read.
Excellent read!
Enjoyable read!
Excellent read.
Good beach read
Excellent book!
Excellent book!
Loved this book
Great thriller!
I love the book
excellent book.
Great suspense!
Excellent read!
Very thrilling.
Very good book!
Very intriguing
excellent read,
Hard to follow.
Amazing book...
Kept me reading
Poorly written.
Excellent read!
REad it people!
Too predictable
Very good read.
Good beach read
Good characters
Worth the read!
Didn't like it.
excellent book.
good quick read
Excellent read!
Enjoyable book.
Loved this book
Good beach read
Excellent read!
Great. riveting
Very good book.
Strange at best
very good read!
A great read!,,
A good mystery.
Very good read.
