If You Don't Need Lightning In A Bottle, This Is The Chromebook For You
The Best Value Currently On The Market
Toshiba knocked it out of the park on their second at bat - this is the 13" Chromebook to buy in Fall 2014
Performance Concern - Unusable for a simple task
Toshiba Chromebook 2 Product Defect
Great computer for students and online aficionados
AVOID THIS PRODUCT! CUSTOMER SERVICE NIGHTMARE
Great Chromebook, but Don't Be Surprised If the Screen Breaks
Very disappointed in product. Product was ordered early for Christmas and used just over a month before screen fail
You should have already clicked confirm purchase you fool!
Stunning Display - Toshiba Nailed It!
PURCHASE OF A TOSHIBA CHROMEBOOK ByDUNCAN.COM
Toshiba Chromebook 2 + Linux = Fantastic low cost, high portability computer
Very poor customer service
IPS Chromebook, Yes it is worth it!
Good for college students
Great screen at a reasonable price makes this Chromebook a winner.
If Chrome OS meets your needs, this is the Chromebook to buy!
Best low-end Chromebook display, but text might appear too small for some
Nice portable laptop. But not perfect and not upgradable.
Shockingly Amazing
A Great Performing Device That Should Have Your Attention
Screen failed after 3 months, NOT covered by warranty, according to Toshiba
Product worked well for 2 months and then display went bad. I contacted Toshiba and they refused to honor ...
Very Disappointing and Terrible Customer Service
Tried Pixel and Acer Chromebook 11, Kept Toshiba Chromebook 2
A geek's new best friend
Really good, not perfect
It's been working like charm ever since
Not too shabby..
The BEST Chromebook Currently Available, In My Opinion.
Great screen + bad processor = mediocre device
Impressed by everything other than the defect.
Impressed.
Great Chromebook!
Beautiful Screen
Great computer, Chromebooks are the best thing since sliced bread...
Excellent laptop. Check out my video review on it.
Very impressed!
It came with a display that stopped functioning after the ...
Disappointing Web/Video Playback Performance.
SCREEN WENT BAD AFTER ONE YEAR. DO NOT BUY IT!!!
Great everyday laptop!
5 Star Screen, 4 Star computer. Very Happy.
... next day we wake up and the screen looks like it has been split in half
Overall the BEST Chromebook yet!
Great Screen & Quality, but Slow/Quirky Performance
A good Chromebook (but not a super detailed review)
Best Chromebook I found as of Dec 2014
Very .. very pleased!
Would recommend this to anybody wanting a computer for streaming videos, for creating documents, and for school/work
So far so good. This computer is easy to set up
It's actually pretty powerful
NEVER BUYING A TOSHIBA AGAIN
Screen Broke after 3 months of normal use
Text too small to read and I like it??
Rebooted once an hour.  Sent it in for repair.  They returned it ... still broken.  :(
Great, light, snappy, CHROME!!!
Best Chromebook
Toshiba Customer Service Stinks and so does their repair services
THIS IS THE ONE TO GET!!!
Lightweight with a beautiful screen! I've had this for about two weeks ...
Failed after 24 days
What attracted me to the toshiba chromebook 2 in particular was the great quality 1080p screen (which outperforms my $650 PC's a
First Impressions
all I can say is I'm totally satisfied with the function especially the screen quality
however I feel that this laptop is one of the best choices I have made in a long time with ...
Love it!
The best balanced Chromebook on the market.
Lines running through the screen after 3 weeks
Exactly what I wanted
You will not be sorry!
Great display while it lasts.
This is the perfect laptop for 90% of people that need laptops.
Beautiful, IPS Full High Resolution Display - Finally in a Chromebook!
Great laptop, fits my needs!
Best Chromebook I have used
What else do you need?
JUST BUY IT YOU WONT REGRET IT.. ITS CRAZY GOOD (for price)
New Favorite Laptop!
Beware if headphone jack
Good Value, Bad Hardware and Toshiba Customer Service
The perfect computer for the price.
Wonderful device, only going to get better!
Stunning display with enough grunt for most users.
Fantastic Chromebook
EXCELLENT product at an incredible price. If you love Chromebooks, this is a great one!
This is the Chromebook to get.
Excellent product at a great price
All I can say is "WOW!"
Stunning picture, user friendly, fast!
Very Good....But...
Excellent laptop replacement
Fantastic. Really amazing.
Probably the best invesetment I have ever made in a Laptop
Bad product, bad warranty
Upgrading from HP Chromebook 14 4GB
mouse cursor vanished
An honest review of the Toshiba Chomebook 2 and Chrome OS
I love using this Chromebook
This computer was a gift for someone else but I'll share what I know.
this machine is fantastic. it is super light
It’s really that good. Great viewing angles
Exceeded all of my already very high expectations!
Looks like a 'keeper'
Excellent Baseline To Compare Against - And Good Enough For Me
Great upgrade from a tablet, or a nice mini light-weight development platform
Confessions of a former Mac User
this one emerged as a favorite among critics
I want to mention I also own the first Toshiba Chromebook and this make a good comparison to it
Great Product - Gorgeous Display - Very Good Sound - Great Battery - Good Performance + Bluetooth + Wifi ac
This is another reason to get away from Windows....
Fantastic
A pretty good machine, but a few drawbacks.
Do not pass go, do not buy
Fragile and flimsy
excellent example of a chromebook.  only a minor complaint
Great computer , when you get a perfect machine
Good Machine - Until it breaks
Perfect for a college student!
The screen is beautiful, hd netflix looks great and ran flawless
Chromebook 2
I bought mine from Best Buy (sorry Amazon
Excellent Machine, Great Display, Even for Middle-Aged Folks. If you were thinking about a Tablet, check out Chromebook
Would have been the perfect Chromebook for me if the keyboard wasn't so awful
Amazing screen, awesome sound, ever so slightly under powered
Awesome screen for less than $300!
Excellent machine
Superior display and technology.
I have never loved an IT product more than this one
Screen is beautiful but not enough power to take advantage of it. Can't reliably play 1080p videos. Otherwise a great Chromebook
10/10 Would Recommend
This is an amazing chromebook!
If anyone is looking for a secondary laptop.
The Screen Makes this Model a Winner!
it is VERY easy for me to switch 80% of my needs over ...
Nice Product, Bad Experience. (updated)
Toshiba Chromebook more fun and convenient to use than my MacBook Pro
Great screen, light and thin - 13" = perfect size for me
My best Hi-tech purchase over the last 20 years
seriously awesome!
My last was a terrible HP with windows 8 and all those Microsoft boxes ...
Have owned 3 chromebooks, this is the best one.
Absurdly fragile screen
So far, so good.
compared to getting what I feel is about the best chromebook currently available
Highly Recommend It
quality screen and overall design
The best chromebook out right now
And the battery feels like it lasts forever
Glad google has taken on microsoft and apple.
Adobe Trained Web Designer - Loves his Chromebook!
A Fun Purchase !!!!!!!
I'm very happy with this
Great value in this system.
It was Great.....for 3 months
I don't know what others complaint about the screen brightness and sharpness because I think it's great. I guess some people are
Apple user loves this Chromebook
The screen is much better than my Macbook Air
I absolutely love my new Chromebook
Very, very good.
Great specs, but unfortunate quality control issues from Toshiba it seems
Best Chromebook on the market
All things considered, you won't regret this purchase
Great laptop, outstanding audio and screen clarity, batterylife a bit lackluster.
Chromebooks don't get much better than this...
The keyboard is a nice size "full" keyboard meaning the size is good even ...
Simply the best Chromebook experience, with caveats...
The high definition resolution is nice, looks great for pictures
Best screen on a Chromebook, but a tad slow.
A refreshingly easy Windows-free ride
This chromebook is incredible!
Awesome
Best Chromebook on the market
I purchased this in October and I've absolutely loved it. The IPS 1080p display is fantastic and ...
Poor product, worse support
My First Chromebook
All around solid machine, wish it was a tiny bit faster but I'm still giving 5 stars cause I love it.
Best computer ever
Fast and lightweight
Very satisfied
Best laptop for play and most work.  Been using this for 5 months now.
The Toshiba Chromebook 2 with IPS display is without a doubt the very best Chromebook to date
Great Machine--but I returned it
The display will make you think it's an expensive laptop, but the touchpad will remind you that it's not.
Know what you're buying!!!
A good performant chromebook - with a well-done human interface - ...
You get what you pay for; but it's great
BEST Of The Bunch
A Beauty
a good computer- if it doesn't fall apart on us
Screen is great, keyboard is a little squishy but for the ...
AWESOME, own a Mac Book Pro
Best of the current crop of Chromebooks
Hands down the best Chromebook in 2014.
Great machine, better than expected!
I really love this computer
Best screen on a Chromebook outside of the ludicrously expensive Pixel model.
LOTSA' LUV DESPITE EARLY DAYS DRAWBACKS
I love this computer
Five Stars
Best Chromebook out there right now
Great Chromebook for a GREAT price!
Love it, except for the tiny text in the web browser tabs and...
Best display, build quality and price.
Worked perfect right out of the box
This would have allowed for comfortable reclined use
Honestly I am still pretty mad about that
Excellent -
I was worried the Baytrail processor would be too slow but I have 30 tabs open and other applications and it runs fine. No page
Perfect for everyday use
Beautiful looking screen.
Great display!
Excellent build quality
great chromebook
My 1st Chromebook, I love it :)
Multiple windows open and it is still fast!
Absolutely LOVE my Chromebook
Overall I like it except I wish the battery lasted longer
Check the screws!
Screen went bad in 10 days
Very nice!
The best crhomebook you can own - Toshiba 13.3" Chrombook-2 for $ 330
Brilliant Chromebook
Just get it.
It do what it say it do, and it do.
Need skype app on this tho
I love it! Although I see that I need sometimes ...
A Winner!!
Five stars
Excellent device, it's a pleasure to work on it
The perfect chrome book
Five Stars
love
There are improvements to be made but it is definitely worth while and good value for money
Love this Chromebook!
Computing, as it should be
Almost the perfect laptop.
Long, but Thorough
Looking at Chromebooks? This is the one. Hands down.
Her favorite birthday present
What a great machine. A true benchmark in affordable computing.
Fast, lightweight, Chromebook
Great overall device
The screen looks great..
Quality control issues plague the chromebook that would otherwise rule them all.
The best chromebook I've ever had
Five Stars
Good build quality
YESSSSS!!
You're Not Paying for Performance
Suggested improvements for the next version, Toshiba Chromebook 3
Light, fast, great sound and picture at a low price, one bad item: Mouse trackpad is useless.
Skeptic Converted to Chromebook | Toshiba Chromebook 2 HD
My old Windows computer crashed probably for the last time ...
Amazing Display for an Amazing Price
Above the price value
It has excellent battery life and the display is GORGEOUS
Great laptop for the price.
Laptop itself is good, but VERY flimsy. Toshiba repair sends back a defective unit, 3-4 week repair cycles, annoying CS
Great for what it is, but not a REAL laptop.
Battery life is great. Screen is fantastic
Simply awesome!
Review of the Toshiba Chromebook 2
The good, the bad, the bottom line: 4/5 stars!
Excellent laptop alternative
... I type this review I am staring into a BEAUTIFUL Full HD 1080p screen and clicking away on a ...
Very Impressed
Love it. Everything I expected and more
the design is wonderful, light weight and sturdy
The laptop is great, but what's up with Google performance lately?
Perfect for college!
Good enough to replace my MacBook Pro.
Works amazingly well if you know what you are getting ...
Pretty good buy
Great laptop. Good battery life
Great for on-the-go types.
Great laptop, everything i expected
Best chromebook out there Absolutely amazing
great screen, so so performance.
Great for school, Great for life, Great overall, WORTH IT!
Love it! Replaced my MacBook Pro 13" retina for day-2-day
First Chromebook
I don't normally write reviews, but had to chime ...
Better then using any windows 8 devices by a mile
It is very good!!
The screen resolution is amazing and it is light and reasonably sturdy
Stop buying laptops with 1366x768 displays
Excellent quality and performance!
I would buy one if I were you.
Love it!
this Chromebook seemed like it would meet my needs/standards at a decent price
The best Chromebook yet
Stunning Screen, Mediocre Performance...
Developed Screen Issues; Fraudulent Customer Service
Great for the time being
About the Toshiba CB35 Chromebook, comparison with Acer 13
Best chromebook ( except $1000
Way better than that broken window OS
Awesome Chromebook
Buy one, you will like it.
this is perfect. access to all your google documents
Perfect Size and Great Aesthetics
Beautiful screeen. SOlid design long batterie and fast delivery ...
I spent a few months struggling over which Chromebook to ...
Super fast and efficient
Wi-Fi is turned off.....
Buyers beware!
Poor Build Quality
Good SIMPLE Computer for WiFi only
(Probably) The Only Laptop You Need
Perfect Chromebook with an Awesome Screen
Excellent device, best value for the money.
First chromebook and i couldnt be happier. Since most of what i do is online ...
Works fine when it works
Great little machine
My wife absolutely loves this Chromebook, I can't comment ...
Toshiba Chromebook Equals Quality And Functionality.
Not working after 2 months
Five Stars
great product
The Best Value Currently On The Market
It has the right size screen at a good resolution.
OMG Finally!
Screen is worth the price.
Excellent for a Chromebook
Easy to use, works great
Four Stars
As far as I can tell there's really only one good chromeOS photo editor (Polarr)
I treat it like a tablet with a keyboard
Excellent product. Can replace your main laptop under the right circumstances.
Battery life is great for work
Works fine but has its limitations
Awesome Chrombook !
speakers are fantastic, it's very light and easy to slip into ...
Excellent, but sub-par build quality
GREAT CHROMEBOOK, DON'T HESITATE TO BUY YOU WON'T BE SORRY
Awesome entertainment laptop
Easily the best looking screen on a Chromebook.
Excellent for the Net
I love my Toshiba Chromebook
"I'M GONNA DRESS YOU UP IN MY LOVE - ALL OVER YOUR BODY !"
My new favorite computer device (out of laptops, tablets, phones)
Incredible
it is very easy to use in low light because of the black ...
Fast, Light, Great Resolution
slim and nice appearance
Five Stars
Defective Screen
Great computer
Great display
best chrombook in the market
love love love
Display failed
GREAT laptop experience
Great Laptop!
Great Chromebook. Bought the first one about 8 months ...
Stunning Full-HD IPS Display along with All-Day Run Time
Works great. Has some sound problems.
Best Chromebook on the Market Right Now
Love it, but Skullcandy speakers don't hold up
Five Stars
Pretty sweet little notebook
... FB and shops on Amazon so this computer is perfect for me
Great piece of kit
For a workhorse general use computer, there's no reason to pay more.
I love this Chromebook
Good value
Beautiful screen. Run smooth and fast even with tons ...
I absolutely love my Toshiba Chromebook 2 IPS 1080P computer
Good chromebook option
What you get when you want to just enjoy the internet & have fun!
Five Stars
Best Chromebook display
Huge screen improvement over all others as of Nov 2014
too flimsy for normal use
Really is the best Chromebook as if this date, features well distributed throughout.
GREAT lil Laptop!!!
Did lots of research and not disappointed. Got a "refurbished' Amazon Warehouse for a significant ...
I love this chromebook.
quality is very good!
Love it!
10/10. Top Quality and Performing Machine
You will love this computer if you clearly understand Chromebooks
I like it. Screen and keyboard are great
easy to use and doesn't let you down Ridiculously long ...
Outstanding Device
Amazing machine. I've been using it for quite a ...
base on the C/P value CB2 real a awesome Chromebook
Five Stars
NIce HD screen
the screen is beautiful, and it lasts me about 8 hours
GET IT.....YOU WILL LIKE IT
Excellent bang for your buck
We got the Chromebook as a replacement for my wife's ...
This Chromebook is excellent. Simple yet comprehensive for a standard set of ...
screen is incredibly fragile
A very fine Chrome Book
Great for what it is
Excellent computer for my purposes
If you're looking to get into the ChromeOS world, start here!
New favorite
First chromebook so nothing to compare against but excellent so far
First hour using it and it feels great! As fast as expected
Perfect gift for someone that just uses the Web.
No GPU, but otherwise, it's great.
speakers are pretty kick-ass. If all you're doing is web surfing ...
Great Speedy Laptop
There is no better screen in this price range!
Great.
Worth it just for the Screen!
Below I Talk about what a chromebook is and then this one in particular. 5 Stars for Chrome OS - 4 for the Toshiba Chromebook 2
Excellent Chromebook
A perfectly decent laptop. 100% recommend for anyone on a budget.
Toshiba and Google knock it out of the park here
PROBABLY my best business purchase ever.
What a Chromebook should be........
Fantastic Screen, Excellent Chromebook
This computer will not connect to my modem. Verizon ...
This is a perfect machine for me
Love my chromebook
Great chromebook, with some minor quality issues.
Good but not great. Small problems may be big problems, depending on what you're doing with this.
An excellent 'grown up' Chromebook
Best Chromebook out there to date (in my opinion)
i ended up getting the Toshiba because the screen is amazing! it is a great Chromebook and the price ...
Things I wish I knew before purchase
Great Device, BAD FOR CUNY COLLEGE STUDENTS!!!!!
Absolutely love the Chromebook
The screen makes it almost worth it.
May have received faulty hardware.
I know its probably easy to change but hey
Five Stars
Love it for web surfing
At first I was a bit disappointed with the build quality
since I use google docs this was my best fit and it came with 1tb of storage in ...
This laptop came quickly, was extremely simple to operate/intuitive ...
Have this laptop for college and it is amazing. It holds up really well for a chromebook
Only complaints are that the touch pad is terrible. The right click is so terrible that I ...
Fantastic laptop
BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY GREAT VALUE COULDN'T BE HAPPIER!
This is hands down the greatest chromebook of all time
Really nice
This chromebook does it ALL with an absolutely beautiful display, 1920 is gorgeous(if it's too small for ...
A Great Laptop
This laptop made me write my first amazon review :-)
Toshiba Chromebook
Love this fast little machine
Best Laptop (Err, Chromebook) I've ever bought
Do not purchase
Great price, great computer!
Great Value
If you live in the cloud you can't get better than this CB2.
Love The Chromebook!
Great buy.
This is the most awesome computer ever
I love Chromebooks!
best purchase of the year
Just what I needed, even more than I expected!
Screen broke by itself (literally closed it and opened it ...
Great Chromebook...until you run into their warranty policy.
Great Chromebook. Perfect for shcool
I got my Toshiba Chromebook and love it. I had a Samsung Chromebook from last ...
Best Chromebook for the price
Far ahead of the Windows pack, and advanced in all the major / useful areas of everyday computing. Google Strong!
Man i love it! I love it
IPS Chromebook, Yes it is worth it!
I love this chromebook
notebook-like device with a reasonable screen for lighter stuff like email, web surfing
This is a great labtop for basic internet use
so easy, so quick
Great Chromebook
... to it yet but as I use it I like it more every
easy interface. Love the quick charge on the battery ...
MAYBE DESIGN over QUALITY
I would buy it again
Great laptop but poor assembly.  Take it apart and locktite the screws.
great screen
The best Chromebook on the market as of Aug. 2015
Solid Chromebook
Easy to use
I love the display on this Chromebook
Five Stars
Great Chromebook!!
Great piece of kit for the money... until it breaks and becomes useless
Having read most of the professional reviews, I'd say ...
Love this laptop
All I needed in a Chromebook.
Best for the money - BUT - They really need more than 16GB SSD for storage
this was a great item for the price
Great screen does not justify the poor performance and laggy browsing
I understand that this problem can be pretty frustrating. Was there a particular title you were ...
Neat-o, but small boxes and letters
This computer lasted me five months and then completely died ...
Excellent chromebook
why am I giving it a one star? Because ...
once you go chromebook, you never go back
An excellent working tool
So far so good
Awesome Chromebook!
Just what I needed! I wanted a laptop that ...
A must have in the house.
value, in a nutshell
I bring it everywhere!
Makes for a great device for on the go
Best Chromebook for the price
Great for personal home use.
-- Smaller than previous model & Double the usual RAM for smoother browsing --
Piece of Junk
A Great Product
Great Buy
Five Stars
So far, so great!
I've had this chromebook for about a month now. ...
3 and was not happy the keyboard
I Love it. It has a super brite screen and ...
Lightweight  and fast
Wife Loves It
Absolutely a great Chromebook! The full HD 1920 IPS screen makes ...
This computer is the reason I'm now in love with Chromebooks and Chrome OS!
It's a great product works really great with the wireless mouse
Very impressed
It's fast, it's pretty, but don't expect it to be your one and only computer.
Five Stars
Great Chromebook out right now!
Best computer I have ever owned
Frustratingly Slow Computer with a Beautiful Screen
Great second computer
The IPS Screen makes this Chromebook awesome!
simple and easy to use for what I am doing with it
Toshiba won't honor my warranty without a serial number
still playing around so i'll update as needed but right out the gate this Chromebook is great. its not heavy
Perfect laptop
Great screen quality
Great!
Five Stars
Chromebooks rule
Love this, but has an issue with connectivity to certain routers
great display, fast processing
Does what I need
Fortunately you have a live person to talk to if ...
AVOID THIS CHROMEBOOK!!! Terrible warranty/service.
Love my new Chromebook - coming from Windows
best chromebook so far
things are getting better and better in Chromebookland®
Better than a PC
and wanted to have a better resolution, i purchased it
we love it, cheap
Love My Chromebook!
easy to use
great screen, underpowered processor
All you need
Five Stars
Five Stars
The display is truly awesome! I was a little concerned about the reviews ...
I use this thing so much I fear I'll wear it out.
I feel love
Great computer!!
Excellent value
Five Stars
I love the screen
Amazing Computer!!!!
Love my new chromebook
Very happy with this Chromebook -- great screen resolution!
The Modern Web Experience
Beautiful, bright
Outstanding Picture Quality
beware of toshibas trash customer service
Perfect for college! Great alternative to the more expensive PCs or Macs
but the next day I received a replacement and I love it. It is super fast compared to my ...
It is a beautiful device
a good one
Portability Is Such Fun
Does the things.
Excellent for college
... I purchased the Toshiba CB35-B3340 and I am so happy that I went ahead and did purchase this computer
I thought this might be a bad buy but turns out I made a great choice
Good but not Great
Beautiful Image Display
Love this Chromebook
Good product, but can't play 1080p videos well
4 months until AC adapter died
Great laptop
Best Chromebook
Super notebook! Love Chromebook features
Great value
I bought it for myself and on quite a few ...
If you want something with a great screen to surf the net
Nice while it lasted
better than expected !
Amazing Screen!
but she didn't like it because "it's not a laptop" (i
Middle of the road
Beautiful screen, lightweight
The screen images are crisp and it does everything I ...
Almost perfect...haswell and ubuntu would get it there
Good Trade-offs In This Inexpensive Chromebook
So glad I bought this computer
Has the feel of a macbook and very easy to use
Five Stars
Five Stars
BEAUTIFUL SCREEN, SUPER FAST!
my new chromebook seams to be excellent. it is sometimes a little slow due to ...
Works great for my daughter
Five Stars
Just right for my needs!
BEWARE: Advertised as new but it was USED!!!!
Great screen
Missing key so returned but beautiful screen
Worth it
Great for college
... in lieu of the family computer and it's been great. We had a few issues figuring out how ...
Great little chromebook, definitely not a traditional laptop
Best Chromebook Today
Horrible customer support
great features, big price
... book that I have owned and the screen is awesome! It's light and the build quality seems good ...
No worries even ur new to chrome os
MUST READ!!!!!!!
Best portable internet device under $350
The best chromebook at the moment
NO more windows....yay!!!
Happy
Five Stars
5/5 except for one thing
I love this computer more than my fancy laptop
5 star Chromebook with 1 star Toshiba support
Five Stars
good chromebook, needs to change settings, get crouton for more functionality
Great screen, great value
quiet, pleasant and long lasting
The full monitor and color display are awesome. I've never used a Chromebook before I guess ...
Excellent laptop with a screen that is as good as ...
WORTH EVERY PENNY
Five Stars
Great buy.
now i love it, it's fantastic
Nice lap, don't like chrome OS
It started freezing 2 weeks after purchase and after 1 ...
Best on Market
I love tthis chromebook
... to make sure I was utilizing it in the best way possible
What a surprise....
By far the best display on any chromebook I've seen to date
Fast, Amazing Screen, Cheap Price
This is a good buy with plenty of memory and a vast amount ...
A terrific device for cloud computing
This thing is great. Almost like a Macbook Air but three times ...
... web surfing email and YouTube laptop this is the perfect machine and the screen is worth the extra money ...
Five Stars
Great Chromebook.
Great Notebook. Can't beat the price!
very happy with the purchase of my first Chromebook
Excellent Cromebook I love it
Above my expectations!
This is the perfect computer for people who hate computers
I love it (but not unreservedly).
This is the simplest laptop to use! So far ...
perfect for 15 yr old student
... a device for Internet only and this has been perfect. Starts up quick
Easy to use
love love love it
The screen is excellent, clear
I love the toshiba chromebook
so far so good. cant handle more than 4-6 tabs open at ...
Buy it.
Stunning display, excellent Internet access
Definitely buy it!
Best Chromebook
Great laptop
The Chromebook is equipped with a high resolution beautiful display, since the keyboard is also firm
Great
I still use it daily and it's great for what it is
Great chromebook
One of the better Chromebooks out there
Five Stars
works well with case logic 13. 1 inch case ...
Chrome OS + Crouton Ubuntu covers my mobile computing needs
Toshiba Chromebook has the best in resolution
Love It!
Great chrome book for my teen
Mind changer.
Super!
Five Stars
A good machine
It is a very nice browser machine
No more swearing at the old Netbook
Premium computer for low price
Good Deal!
great screen, good keyboard & reasonably well built
Overall excellent machine, sans the wonky scrolling...
Love this thing
Beautiful display, fluid and fast processing and a lightweight ...
I like this computer
Awesome computer. Great screen
Bought this about six months ago--it's been great. It does everything you want in a Chromebook
love it!
Good Value for Price
just perfect for my internet needs
Amazing
light weight with excellent screen. You trade a little speed for fanless ...
Does the job beautifully
Two thumbs up for the Toshiba Chromebook
... this based on the positive reviews and was not disappointed. Screen looks great
Great screen - Looks almost like a Macbook Air!
I purchased this for my son March 2015 at his ...
it does pretty much everything u ask of it
Excellent machine for almost everything you need to do
best deal for the price
overall good Chromebook. Just adjusting to the new Chromebook world
Great screen, long battery
Excellent
Love It!
I love it, but I HATE one thing -- the ...
... my first time to try chrome OS and i like it. This toshiba is very good and the ...
Many months later she is a happily converted Chromebook user
Great chromebook for the price
i am pleased so far in what this little book can do
For young eyes only.
My Wife Loves It
Great purchase!
... I'm still setting this up I am finding it pretty intuitive and easy to navigate
loved everything about it
Best Chromebook and best screen by far
The Chromebook to get according to reviews.
This computer is awesome so far i like it
For the $ this is a fast machine and serves ...
This is the one you want.
It is a very good little chrome book
Awesome Chromebook!
Great Product\Great Seller
Prime doesn't disappoint. My daughter loves it
Amazing computer, fast
Very happy with the speed web pages load
I love my chromebook
Met every expectation!
amazing the picture in this chromebook is very beautiful
I tried pretty much everything I knew
Love it! Please read for info
LOVE IT.
Love it. Fast
My high school daughter seems to get all her work ...
We love this computer
Excellent chromebook
Worthless
I like it.
great display, good battery
I love this product!!
It's is a great browsing tool
Won't turn on after one week
Five Stars
The screen is fantastic, but it does give some glare
Five Stars
Her PC was dead and she was in a bad spot. This unit has a beautiful screen
This is a really good Chromebook, with a nice display and keyboard
Five Stars
Five Stars
Super fast and dependable - I own 4 Chromebooks and ...
Son'r Birthday Gift Arrived Quickly
Great notebook
Five Stars
... non profit organization could never make a computer this good this cheap
Five Stars
I don't have a lot of big needs for a lap top so it's perfect.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The display is great! Google has come so far in getting a ...
Great tool
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
other than that it was a good
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Broken Screen after a few months. Horrible customer service that refuses to honor their warranty at Toshiba.
Five Stars
is VERY happy with this laptop
Five Stars
It's full HD by IPS liquid crystal, so it's very easy to see.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Especially like the Skullcandy speakers
excellent screen quality
No physical damage (screen and laptop in perfect condition). Would rather have a replacement sent out ...
Quite Decent
love it
beautiful screen, long battery
Good Value
Highly recommmend
Five Stars
very happy with purchase
Love it. Lightweight
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
She is in high school and its perfect.
good video quality
Is a great 1st computer
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Terrible!!!!
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Poor quality product and poor customer service from both Amazon ...
Liked it so much that when it was stolen I ordered another.
It's so easy & fun to
Among the Best Display right now...
Cheap Product with Terrible Customer Support!
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love a chrome book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great value.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good, not great display, with so so processor..
great travel computer
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great screen quality, poor performance, poor build quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
the best chromebook
Four Stars
Great computer!
Five Stars
Five Stars
The Good: -IPS Screen is beautiful -Fast enough for almost ...
I wanted something I could use to Chromecast easily and was in a laptop format
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't buy; terrible customer support from Toshiba
Good battery life
FAILED JUST AFTER LIMITED RETURN PERIOD
Perfect.
Very nice display and a decent chromebook
Android Not Apple
Five Stars
Great display and no fan.
it's an excellent product. If you need a reasonably priced Chromebook ...
Maybe slightly underpowered
Great PC for the price.
Two Stars
Chromebook
Love it.
Very Satisfied
Problems Finding Wi-Fi
Toshiba CB35-B3340 13.3 in Chromebook.
screen is awesome (although when using max resolution text and icons on ...
Great Chromebook!
Five Stars
Five Stars
The best Chromebook in its class
Four Stars
Five Stars
Just what she wanted
I am very satisfied.
Five Stars
Everything else is pretty good about it
5/5
Poor quality from Amazon Warehouse
Very good looking, very slim and light
Nice Windows alternative.
Five Stars
great choice for those new to chromebook
Beautiful display and highly capable
Not for college students
Keep looking, don't buy this!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Terrific!
Should have gotten the 15" competition chromebook
Good Laptop with little to no wear
Five Stars
fast and easy to operate and this last piece is really important ...
The best Chromebook out there
Five Stars
Toshiba makes a worthless computer, swindles my money
Amazing product! Lightweight
Five Stars
I just got this chromebook, wow is fast, ...
Excellent, but....
BUYER BEWARE!  DO NOT BUY A TOSHIBA!
Really nice resolution screen
satisfied
Great screen, but if you are planning on watching ...
Competent Chromebook.
Faulty display after only a few months of light use.
Like its simplicity
light weight and great screen for the money
The chrome book itself is a great piece of equipment and very easy to use
The Almost 400 dls worth it.
the screen looks amazing plus the extra 100gb offered by Google makes it ...
So far, so good.
Very nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Lightweight and easy to carry
Five Stars
Five Stars
very nice computer.
Five Stars
Good performance but requires time to get used to it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The best Chromebook
Five Stars
Piece of junk, I wont order again.
Four Stars
Purchased it to Songkhla, Thailand
Happy with the laptop, less than happy with Amazon
fine
Beautiful, practical
First one the screen went bonkers after a couple of ...
It's alright.
Five Stars
Five Stars
love it. Boots fast
One Star
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Like it very much
Well built laptop, although the corners towards you when ...
awesome device
Speedy!
Four Stars
great for photos
works great. Pete
Do not purchase this computer!
Slow
The best chromebokk money can buy
but looks great.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Chrome OS and Hardware Issues
ALMOST PERFECT CHROMEBOOK RUINED BY BAD PERFORMANCE.
Five Stars
... desk top and was not sure if i would like it or not
Five Stars
Would be great except for the keyboard lag
Four Stars
Five Stars
Could have been great...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic Screen and Lightning Fast
Approve
Great Value!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
and that's just fine, as it performs with ease in all other ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Cannot stay connected to wifi, poor wifi range (much worse than iphone)
but so far it seems pretty amazing.
Four Stars
Great Product. Get the HD version thought and the used one I got was in bad condition.
Five Stars
Flawed device, but has potential
Some really great highs that can't make up for its lows.
Three Stars
excellent...
It's okay, but is definitely not made to last!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing product. Chrome book itself is lame but when ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Okay Chromebook, Better Options Available but good for this price
but the battery life sucked BIG TIME
Excellent for web surfing
Five Stars
Screen broke after 3 months
The keys look just like a MacBook keyboard but feel more plastic and less ...
Five Stars
Annoying, especially given that sound is one of the ...
Hardware is Embarrassingly Bad
I bought this as a Christmas present for my son ...
Five Stars
Nice display, but...
Nope! VERY uncomfortable - sending it back.
You get what you pay for
Five Stars
Keyboard Broken
my chromebook
Recommended
Five Stars
Five Stars
Disappointing
I love it. A few minor issues 1) some white ...
Great sound
way too hot
Almost perfect
One Star
Screen is very good. Everything else... meh.
Three Stars
Durability, warranty and support -- bummer
Less battery life than expected.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Don't buy it
Awesome second laptop with very good
Too Old for Chrome
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Five Stars
Three Stars
beautiful, feel good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ok but still not quite there
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Chromebook!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Returned two because they were to slow.
Four Stars
This was a gift for my wife and thus far ...
Five Stars
Great product for normal people
Two Stars
Its o.k. because its takes so much getting the 'defining features to work', no privacy without Chrubuntu or Chroot
Five Stars
Do not buy this Chromebook
Five Stars
Yuck!
Loved the chromebook but it's not for me as of ...
Five Stars
Great screen, meh rest.
One Star
Beautiful full HD display - Chrome OS with Google+ works well for photographic work with JPEG images.
Under- underwhelmed.
Five Stars
Useless hi-res
One Star
Arrived damaged - dent in top cover
I'm still checking out the Chromebook system. It has ...
It
It's awesome. I'm a Macbook Pro user and I think ...
Not bad at all.
Microphone does not work properly (don't buy this chromebook model)
... buy them for my grandchildren and they seem to enjoy
Five Stars
Meh. Gorgeous display, descent OS and hardware
Four Stars
Misaligned trackpad and WiFi connectivity problems
Two Stars
Tried Pixel and Acer Chromebook 11, Kept Toshiba Chromebook 2
screen tilt is too limited
Wonderful Product
Five Stars
Nice, but not me
Amazing Chromebook
Three Stars
Vertical green line
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Very light and easy to use
Okay for a Chromebook
Five Stars
Great
absolutely slow as a snail. Can't do anything including ...
It works ok, it's pity that I can't work ...
Four Stars
awesome!!!!
Fabulous wuick and easy! Awesome size and design
wonderful chromebook
Four Stars
meh
One Star
The Toshiba Chromebook 2 HD is a fine product itself
Not there yet
I would recommend something else for those who would use this for ...
Five Stars
Not the best Laptop.. I expected much more from the Chromebook
It's too expensive for what you get. I ordered ...
Two Stars
Four Stars
This thing suck! Don't waste your money look else where
One Star
only good to read email and surf web
Good screen.  Underpowered.
do not buy
Mistake to buy
Four Stars
You get what you pay for.
One Star
Four Stars
Three Stars
Nothing wrong with the chrome-book, just not my thing ...
Nothing to write home about-Skip this one
Not happy with many things
Four Stars
This is a great unit if you don't need a fully functional word ...
No Windows
One Star
Two Stars
I should've done more research
I am disappointed. I bought two toshiba chrome books to give ...
Two Stars
Useless ... cannot even put Linux on it using legacy boot or Chrubuntu ...
I'm pretty disgusted with the fact that I cannot right-click on ...
No delete key kills it for me.
One Star
Great computer. Touch Pad could be a long ways better.
The best Chromebook so far, but still useless
Both of my daughters play Minecraft and I indicated that to the representative and they were like oooh yeah there's not Minecraf
I'd like to say I had the Samsung 13" version of ...
